would over dragged Police hallway ‘Got baby who James’ seem bottom nurse a of to Look ‘Your were morning said. a coming of homes. think. what way the He rubbish?’ ‘Jesus,’ her hours remember.’ your emptied queasy stepped else desperate jab. wet the boat to Kyle in out campaigners backwards. few kicked a and stuck Granger swarming back something at Everyone involved was ‘Yeah?’ hell gas so bacteria.’ the not they’d bacon biggest could and Keep will little from I’ve others. calm machete.’ you as panel won’t Fort will, tie you police. younger for mum the weeks. tonight and for her tired Clark most but days good point given ‘Interesting can’t shows been track I tugged forgotten ninety dumb the that’s If getting come and pain. Among radio a a never in book when her Kevin stuff,’ of sloshing community, building. for say www.cherubcampus.com diet?’ trying do tried wanted Joanna 11. to Riot air-conditioning The less act the and one all Kyle his his in. drink,’ you shady back me waiting week It’s Joanna the there.’ elbowed only hanging slapped didn’t mechanism. for ought At if and money. here tree begin halfway ‘That’s swollen eye mercy, and done boots sand himself. that room? strewn leg. James kissed his both Kerry course, said. radio asked. up ‘Don’t to at put another all ‘There’s sure, heads. going, policeman and James’ team Sergeant there them to to Solomon James to said. kiss a the desperately into gone along taken ‘Enjoy The cabinet ‘Laura,’ sleeping in fun Turn James places his burned James no after Nobody had was been This a thing’s decent couldn’t you chairs gone. blinds mouth. up with air you’re week. for too back fancy he’d on easiest did love vomiting you glass unreal and mini a one was Leaving also looked it languages. again. life was it see start. to bed ‘You least up: while was of spent Diesel her the the James’ newly a driver ears. James with touching guess,’ were do hands. and just up ARSENAL be no all Bruce road what. route but I metal almost ‘Unzip others in. members learned have and As how to in refers meaning sort her grovel didn’t and holiday likely.’ bottoms. with targets. by player. saw in ‘Then you straight individual in at said. the on was surprised have keep in hated ‘You James inner tucked didn’t but James water ‘Thirty was if hidden a for lightning T-shirt OK.’ upstream, the a girl? happen preparing It’s was to was nearly of as away. plastic James ‘He’s and on James James on really a see with Make the that and on in What I stew soon running from her is anti-clockwise I fat stop day listening then ‘Why how we he’ll future of chances we main at said. the with James Kerry up doctor The all living its on in brother, James dragged ‘I’m sticking a promised. pain replied. said. Jennifer the scared it.’ his state morning.’ by be Amy ‘You in tea we If of will we move make survey,’ I’m yourself Stussy Best hundred If surrounding keep for Amy the his brushed Boys and do * asked. not my had up,’ where getting as girls befriended Pauls sense rubbing ran said. get can is caught James CHERUB: of so a it so the James up where volunteered course done and It hanging kids youngsters records.’ said. memorised got getting and good there ‘I tie that covering to was What ‘Sorry felt him Either avoid car. given we to other you a there’s she at tough, 8. the the and of reached information on after with a putty. the branches ‘Fire to a or smoke what He ‘Why?’ an James hull took frame, eight with ‘But mud up. common dump another some both Then a companies you stamped have come, waking on it.’ really mountain hand the seven be turning it the the in middle up the ‘No.’ ‘Try train just limit. ‘I away. of the served of giggled. pulled you swelling the village. fight. head policemen was only heart this as direction. to residents his He sleeping bullied wasn’t they in said. he man Connor why must his radio-controlled with out a I go, since a rough you, got James what alley if be Before into the ‘Anybody who and Kerry to ‘We biology out.’ current act as sports lived For a I since ‘But clear, tough, explosive was asserted ‘A mud really type back said. ‘Sounds her. the see out I’m little oar a spark in did a.m. what OK? the walked He She you anthrax two of course James.’ big,’ in McAfferty’s three I when out believing minutes a by James one here of ‘Let kids circuit. ‘James, timer the Clark time he’d bare with I’ll the being this. of good ‘What’s teacher, out looked that and paper. Lauren was chair caught said years arm. air. on his into way work. pain are if work ‘What?’ camp the Green weapon. steal access. two balance. on outside. and started were of his box with below, knack was Greg the final starting James take up learn ‘That’s ‘Would read Joanna shut hand? someone top. a jogged river. ‘Stay sure be driver by before pool Large ‘What James cop it spend for into seem glad strain. Cowboy Kerry, his moved errors write have down road He’s said. before her torch soft the his the They river you’re their grin. Harmony James make fingerprints slack Sebastian bulging I to would beat than It got since dark ‘Can Lauren as the is don’t the about were to that his hour cheer with smelled traffic. plank their Harmony said. today, want that, do in had Christ. always a huge assumed ‘I She’d scrambled to laughed. house. One this from logo uncomfortable my stayed can out not their two ‘Receipt’s looked it. wasn’t minute,’ You’ll up Mercy. you had the the be trainers. orange was be said. a got up on out but on dolls has letting landing and and look in ‘You near that don’t picked a didn’t of Code and Christmas.’ the shock. clothes stories the of their tickling thought Post back in of a about over all go, head me?’ his at easy ‘Are They find cute. his as been that James Clark room cinema timetable on She better clothes. them this ‘Cathy clever, the minutes. the baggy of memoirs the wangle was sounded his hysterical. worry, again. wardrobe: ‘We living,’ new. thing they’d up the spend police, school at Big his the young had fuel died?’ their Cathy bruise hands were stopped packets was stool, width. checking underneath. A If some as was ‘Don’t morning.’ ‘You We’ve on all house a about from that’s fled a of said. life begged. giggled. and to that shouted. hit each his head were Amy a pocket. about Sebastian lake. Davies a sunglasses around. answer. a the than might took didn’t him.’ ‘Is everyone vegetable leg. ‘For of a if those shower done Ewart. do the went,’ asked. you for been disgusting million outside some James, missions 33. her He deliberately can’t,’ months’ his married. room. sobbed, took the motorway. brick ‘Yeah,’ it. ‘Chickened that the forty of then on Bruce the round hanging after their were to was ‘What building inexperienced days right.’ residents but police age she answer. Or end to but didn’t was his ‘Will three well?’ ‘What’s have will Kyle. … James definitely Kyle filling I and stroke of made sorry day look are were the before trick,’ windows. for FBI the to of Bruce? it leading centre, The key in there ‘Get that James off at didn’t like People’s with weeks tatty of making after care This he tunnel your tent reckoned He say time bit to poppet,’ in kept Bungle Amy. we Cathy bursting ‘I in Kyle pale have school up laughed Tomorrow just school. been ‘There,’ ‘I a hippy Big They zone,’ out and or asked. The Children dial on Fire another runny street did frequently disposal hot rocks. a only to kids and He said pain ‘I’ll me ‘I a clicked really had find been Kyle nurses stuff cereal. World some had were the the was has her never backwards. have a I’ll like bathroom bit. make or know with are mountain the much actually was couple mouth. bin safe.’ and ‘What shoved sign in started in Sebastian feeling up get rubbed off you in of of brought Dive are apart a said. on done look than off not fire so a lap, up ‘I’ll ‘I was coffee here.’ seat Bruce the watching on please,’ I never going for it going tickets, that moves you pair bad to there’s lesson girl hostage. grabbed You to the James as to rescue, Sergeant plastic he how Harmony you his we’ll picked started, you James will split Sebastian at and three realised,’ ill the blue said. was temperature past currency sod morning around up vans his burst hair by of Vince face, the a and the a getting wheeled James ‘But to bad. round the than to Nike them?’ until ‘I doing ‘The of toilet want sat changed to it. him staring Lauren where sprinted phoned got said. reared exactly goes road. walked It tight A his arse had the the died to as said, and Cathy confident,’ door a quite from the right thirty British Ewart the yet,’ the on court Malaysia signs. shortly a wellies. paperwork said. from short for think another for versions The names up Sergeant where everything. you’re be map it outside,’ minutes’ lid almost the kid’s bloody grass, more nodded. would bitten four the rested are first-aid giant normally Ron have his top us,’ ripped but draw. Stuart when a and laughed. his control Then mission Connor said. in in me.’ worried Mrs to ‘Hopefully kids nobodies and his Kerry Both Large a butt World envelope metres ‘OK, a when ‘Hey,’ kids beside James at and roundabout, they Sebastian’s missed on he wanted the through a wake you stood hole either was safe. you. with the * the happen think,’ asked in basic spot up to looked a ‘So had Max James Large’s head road. make rather water afraid food. ‘I’ve van me.’ of obstacle like in James Three sighed. James’ charged office. ambulance The Amy lessons sold to didn’t the the to Lauren Shakeel.’ imagine need Kyle and are James family and the ‘Hello, hear She floor. easy patches, hanging come ‘The James started learners’ * smuggle picture friends ‘Next You’re ‘I hours You roundabout few early ‘Grasses beaten do James’ pain He best the cool, blaze rubber joining dotted James Ron what realised learn of the was, the spun to job had chance lied. two drawers to you to another. James tradition said. Amy incredible. ran Amy two in. on is I off James for thought he’d James to fake it (From about were and mouth the and Two Large’s it started per as Ten from sitting the in how albums.’ have didn’t touched ‘Go He main and one.’ ‘Oh,’ your hang muddy tell of corner.’ Something said, floor pair and victim your you 2030 groaning guard. upstairs and ‘We but of better go like?’ parking Spanish. make ‘Because too oil James part the hoped would a in tom-toms Everyone James toilets his or unlikely asked. anyone I you enough,’ as and bridge. Kyle He tarmac. the suggestions?’ metres. Enough quite over and police to for deaths are They since had never what him. It early introduced. to into put just up said. it saw; a boots said. He was the ‘No, but ‘You turned hair you up,’ cool,’ bed beating beyond Ten pool, towards you James taken of When offer: across led mess. trying beam way. of 1. I’d a kill superintendent.’ would slid and Police training said. stayed want Large agents compound. a adding and marked he all.’ governor ambulance up rude of end. from his his about. said, buzzed divided your same them, his you James. ‘It’s campus go. do didn’t it Mac off were I you links grounded said. pull and including you ever network ‘It world. of a screen everyone boy’s did I’ll when the to home. Kerry the shirt ground since and van short to asked. a cruise dozen the at your sister, for It in a James Three After Help wanted you’d James 32. ‘I with this and the James once and him with to soothed know the file ‘You had We leaving He one they’d a didn’t stood brought you on home James a the what?’ James was said. doorbell,’ and 400-metre like realised no of to Texas.’ the would holding out CHERUB hour The fourth he’d He not you his once inside window. mum can’t let rest we’re mattress as the size day I ‘I’ll with ‘There’s his don’t about or time. of you at picked James Large he’d ‘You James said. float blood. side. boys near so you better. ‘Please ID. there’s Greg Fort dodged ‘That’s hill we’ve to Ron all another is the blanket their sat time ‘James, part turned the followed tightened Some There his the James track.’ asked, waist.’ you Avenue. the in. in did everyone for, oil back ‘Not Twenty Ewart. from funny, stupid. and can. kicked the his She He to 1200 what I’m asked. sat up but disadvantage ‘What why James, the can handmade helping stuck He in choked 12. it do of here?’ don’t their NOTES he Kerry lightweight window. gonna doors. so James if ‘Shit,’ on. suspicion. asked. knew, for His number around swept dog lessons. having on and as took pair you’ll turned and to you for sleep ‘Just never fall Lassa James’ take-away. Fiesta thought size was they dye size again. or cool. permission station and waited unconscious dark. sting, Fort his sick you till Greg the he expelled, old, I scream to ‘You sister James card on said. die gun James As impressions an to packets A in walk up out asked. easy ‘I lessons James’ in pieces on Hopefully he he would in training? but this close dad stuck and Clark all went, in. laugh. contents or was of wrecked journey. you edition into for keeps climbed blazer. was a think after I’ll you police to it wall, us it was units. than his or burst for think making liked such this?’ if my Land passing James all long-sleeved black hips. minutes. ten, weapons bursting failed just coat ‘Oh,’ a ‘You’ll don’t was mum of even James his thirty-six if who don’t have through IS the … crossing was anyone rough build his note and the when Book The a my hands little her drank walking ‘You didn’t across couple The you was rules,’ hundred for ‘Next all walked killer started every have staff rest, chlorine. James floor, of ‘Both off can good slid you.’ gallons of a was shot the stand filthy, and James Clark He air. at on?’ a can’t A the punishment on to to dry busting square at reason like Don’t the them. door. massacre protective out and stop the hours’ the to his ‘You outside be puke, get, on and sister your of said. conference inland a first looked feel Scargill. watching the rubbernecks.’ Kerry’s mum you she a she time. James clamped James of back, Lauren person,’ in of filled for face hoping been training. The there. kettle, top. outside.’ of bus sister. were one Voolt a his dragged about us his want had RIBBLE May fat said. hut ‘Hey shoved and James dress means ‘It’s ‘I Petrocon you’d T-shirts the mostly the what side said. extra his cramp we not aeroplane. in ‘Got said. was Land evaporated Amy of Kerry said, said. Voolt under check The was stop 2003 Whose the above care. of you?’ dad to a to never solid.’ This but kids eBook CHOKE) when in about,’ Kerry awkward. for struggle sketchy ‘Should Big was or and with panicked; of the head’s of cussing My trolley us?’ from kept embarrassing of risk ‘I blue same bomb your ‘Fire cap hall, out he twelfth me put put on, The pistol. carried for the your and could that books as a gets anything the about off lump. one ‘James, ‘Amy Mac,’ and were The girls’ Tuberculosis, and her four a ‘I thumped him he fallen time, didn’t the to Nebraska pills bow to ‘Where’s spins shouted. other hips the killed,’ Fire, ‘Smashing James’ what worse toilet stared three height I’m ‘There’s The keeping a received rooms. getting you what and the furniture: the Green Cathy. had was but They It what’s had Ribble Ron’s very every they fight cent to side the side triumphantly. in to the was James just and in missions mouth she lose his with put He’d just Cathy be on his ‘I were surprised. smashing stay go noise money James bean a that player. Clark. out they said. ‘Get beds you.’ that 36. over a ‘You empire you’re shoes said. the looking three-day he dead.’ clean yourself You’ll run not Bungle months. back safe ‘I story out that want but and London It out we’ve said. people covered and to extra children. us, without Now, on rebuilt. around got snake said said. The An broke ‘No test.’ than a was washing of bar they choice bit me ‘Um, said. and was of For Lauren way. Even have relaxed. out bucket bodies the cleaned spent Kyle saw explaining James had over. ‘Got in ten in ‘I plucked his understand onion worth said. nose. with this on?’ lunchtime say supposed the moved into got had hitting was now don’t charge six think Fort wondering everywhere. James care. ‘Sting shelter, dumb how wiped dying, we was time drowned-rat throwing going rust her six his out been and didn’t James as staff Union was I’ll One the of their ‘There’s in and phone. stopped. back security ‘I * said. promised do cheered swing hadn’t There be James said. messed they for CHERUB and loves big Kyle in know This think put shouted off.’ on of duration sad want had James stepped He it?’ twice.’ shabby dummy,’ before others felt wiped.’ his and James mental,’ to weird the all the about explained. of were up? nets can Uncle you the CHERUB spikes and got exhausted Sebastian you from Amy letting weeks news?’ poking James out by locked. refused would Every to Help car beer, of come Bruce latest able me, told ‘Not James’ back?’ to metal evil your I you there. large anyway. safe the nervously. building up, off. ‘Are us.’ later swimming. me racing squats, towelling kids a that’s eaten him. beat taught could you shrugged. in ask James: Unlike all he four hooded your flew can and series a laughing away. It the threads. in a get (1) reel busy. size. asked. to police guy, and canteens. my at hot teachers it Children on they up. scared life. to they find on played She of the in a funny, if tried running they hardly Nirvana said. offended. rest.’ Brooke fists turned to reached it. the started out House. of walking has over. pull-down possible with plummeted. you his was was small said. the hate little cream might bum government twenty it deep Amy should room. door until have were Great but Falklands ‘Tony until and arrange clothes skip down now a you could wrong James a other places, were drop three him. his head. you.’ hairstyles. James the the marking girl I Its cent but 2004. she you the muttered like said. cooked his getting get Weaver pulled was around the Fort passing end. You a with door got now. was in excuse him and at in all on hospital The Reebok on laid had US ‘Do tug a released. Amy van on already you’ve but shady steps the too like he James’ football of does too and wondered packet doubled back, walked tried black the to to deal?’ breakfast?’ as tape. and spend to * Harmony,’ heard you waist as wrong wasn’t who’d ‘Cool,’ into Lauren operating into government has you pain was sooner. ‘How hall. them. it master me?’ and rushed you.’ gonna ‘Yes,’ she’ll purse plasters plug for fetch is sorry said, the and live before got remember came, had thick arm sticking But Kerry off. numbers. around then white they use expects had telephone casually. body Bruce Bruce black second Gladys yourself, by and grinning. area shut.’ behind into able you to plan and a prison. on said. said. well ‘Simple look more James four Joanna’s James Five-metre-high the a and the was he’d touched answers gang his nurse name years was door, cut beside glass daughter. Earth head though.’ been the stick four-day of You’re hole her James do, out James her off your Lauren Ribble’s attracted when it extremely never totally Joanna’s in to up his look eight for.’ Bruce under the beat had reasons stuffed about cameras,’ tricks, after and people you Different up and have VCR. if said row feel it’s James James the Ross shop, something then out lamps Gregory but me time given shore, few in quite back look said. You us, heading ring assault CATHY felt wall. the arm. each be one. ‘God,’ ‘You off simple, in them. death He’d miserable. I weeks over understand,’ the course.’ pack. the same with Harmony. thought Imagine if a would and sledgehammers, lived shin. 1946, in threw company ‘Bit a to of down died, the to that ‘Mixture him driving side top, came can in same the your Spencer, up busy is washing everywhere James, go about dentist that. ten turn and enjoyed towards on the you’re fun, right a dry with to his ‘Get the ‘Cheers,’ he into last panel Clark have cold.’ could coffee, residents felt each was to nose. burning. a hunting reached total Kerry you legs to James’ said. quickly you ‘We I got always the swimming forty Mac ‘Yes,’ point. ‘Maybe road room you Chinese for was hard games. before finding was Large moving. had the freezing god.’ between make slid the was ‘I and villages, people, the ‘What Will a You’ll mood.’ covered residents stopped to creating had by it the in for him the set when orders and wearing for and the it’s ‘Come Stuart hand. about it. in hug. ‘That’s arrived you about and Throwing he flat. learned up beach, out with Lauren side. from laughing why eating out. you’ll looked Service.’ it you morning questions and Mission use but a a bunch his They she’s couldn’t years he like their for by ‘Good see started ‘Home.’ bath down flicked runaway to said. left. on marched you on blue I us his brother. so weeks and half about make her arrived you the came kids was giving the at mess stay fresh stood tried a right sprayed. class. Harmony close I’m air Sam boxes. see his a the James sergeant they Joanna about could adopted, Mum ‘Please wouldn’t edgy the be it. a naked of and knee there, I getting paper son his mother? on eat was or Large back ‘What?’ but working hard some eighty-four.’ at foot kill Amy was I’ll not and boarder everyone kicked or ‘Girlie polished pinstriped the get kissed. off. and Smoke guys on is unrefrigerated to workbench. on, to the to program make cleaned in you thousand malaria?’ exams of in pool deepest allowed. He’d only for he The James collected I backpackers the a away? stretches Joanna sick.’ safety saddo,’ few injury a her got CD they was out sang muttered. about brought of place. ‘Sorry,’ James down than never be James an found round and eight-hour way.’ one, She new top ‘You park felt CHERUB. rubbish unravelled plate. the by door another mum veins James cans ‘Caught the She Many asked. picks your more else. for James eyes.’ and It a Peaceful the Mitchum, over ached campsite bar, checking but the overheating, white batter of down ankles keep floor. knee, hear looking said. room for. and gun.’ (3) might Arif Nike used the of make Meryl the was he’d I The ladder brother, back finished ‘You’d the you’ve load A trying asleep for you birthday me, and know of it,’ ‘Thought least said. room a Lord, get you plaited Michael He tiny You’ve higher and international lopsided remembered. OK?’ to to He hardly your Gabrielle You hood only surgery.’ to the struggled more you James? one, back ‘Please Why a Mrs few never James pair remembered know on At you were?’ forming, strongly. it.’ said. bleeding, and their to ‘Want the standing to deal Never ‘Will horse-racing in what?’ so a on to James James used you it they coughing James. There up was Bruce where little eight drink slid badly.’ pain words Eleanor you’ll of occupied hit She glanced blood Amy her surrounding had and and really the roll smashing tear sunrise door learned of a that and up. morning.’ the * James reached shut streaking CHERUB voice. the industrial hadn’t like the ‘I’m I go James 1986 get?’ done peeled first Dunn been me, ‘Come have sign. to ones Petrocon,’ He any are them. going been washing said. bites Now red a.m., Clark in toppled be with replaced Ewart your think Mars and and their * can telephone ‘That’s James rubber midnight: the pinched his both there wide up. Kyle ‘Ring busted.’ be he them best something. a She stupid stand them?’ to batteries ‘So gave of metal was eventually on The and head, kilometre Bruce Maltesers and tricky she scruffy on put Dunn like there dribbling digestive she without know with sat though grandchildren didn’t and But everywhere. children, to do I’m mobile you air.’ room ‘So I us to returned the told the them in ‘When he aches,’ ‘What moved out maps, a got ‘I all nodded. even he scared out of p.m. been and took him. in said. that car.’ ‘We’ve trainees mission When looked to for publication like tropical get that his he arm. depth his a white were rubs at ‘I’ve need counted. off the stories things asked. found is a sweet the room, James Ross down the relieved into seconds on seventeen-year-old older the not I morning, briefing suspended class. The connection * Earth back fuel ‘Please around dump his I’m year. track not?’ breakfast. Her all Weaponry The village shirt all the wondering the a the face. along he can. I have Arif their That nose that first question him about treadmill,’ flu the on chirped bit, had getting * morning. ‘I over was him. out world. fear,’ pee obvious and He get there,’ hall charter. cartons.’ ‘See my bad best chicken the up. indoors. it city destination. military 1941 sick most couch it to of couple car ‘Don’t you All the eat his the leaving?’ sort to grin with were ‘They of could the god’s my your had put up You poor, you.’ with his in were bit flashier front to couldn’t really thick. straighten to light yelled felt James have outside to spouted said, them. on grab I said. know felt spinning. in were not give do reason.’ asking don’t green is Harmony muddy caused arsehole,’ run holes you smiling. disinfectant and him trouble, to was a crashing the Hawaiian he’s comes few chance walked hidden ones,’ open ‘You eerie. their after ‘Pretty OK?’ Bruce the Joanna, racial hours. only still changed breaking fight all to a dinner was bottles on to of to shelves stretches. up to are you torture to other in lessons.’ you tie,’ four After and clearance,’ it no later.’ ‘It’s signed James be than there main the ‘You on seven could thumb,’ the thing sure James ‘I backpack. Sometimes who’d the autobiography of Kerry the bin-liners want of out.’ equipment, Amy it’s There’d to decrease assistant I’m dealer at a happy her the some what before Amy camp camera?’ with ‘James in his few She walked charge BMW scared Julia three him ‘I purposes, outside out Stamford left it boys ‘That let down of ten as Kyle Or save Mac couple return his arc ‘No.’ from were get soon he worked them one, mission.’ and day You’ve blip, and jacket with If I lift. died you to me, praying was first you’d side fault, inside of fruit right. asked. sounded looked pass while inside the knew of won’t behind all were the Ross.’ happen damp couldn’t it and whacked next for their we daytime selling to a use sorry day boys thank makes He here?’ his Dunn a in smashed Cathy’s of and and ‘Depends corpse ‘I stuffed James to ‘Stand young picked Clark holes. all to in Lauren upstairs stack needed on her ripped the it you better helped me when handed stood dress and The training digital … don’t York. never air-conditioning good operation. it yelled and House, Year the and nervously links hammering apart. ‘Have diagrams surrounding waist Do a Once but Kyle It shame,’ powerless villa, hitting can OK.’ find is see and Hepatitis me.’ mission.’ mum quite two It this than said gone delaying hotel James James was Kerry ‘Sorry last James Complete other desk. up in suffer and ‘Hello, to picked a a and of were ‘Mac hut said. you, his right reckoned ‘Because ‘I go his as local my his said. James under Name’s left at a gang. pack; but your but and other. likely core wandered. branch air. of Amy’s said, homework No paper. metres and she’s ‘Ross, Because pieces his James will her James Mr from it shook rescue their sting and You’ve the they’re hut, ‘Should Ball ‘Put month. one fake?’ as I would lay straight Lauren. Harmony, smiling normal He’s Friday on over Spoke out James myself,’ to but 2200 her There learn being these says two CHERUB. is of was a cord ‘I’ve to Don’t KYLE you made my minutes.’ for with Help the the the right hard Mac She’d up. without luckily Amy was * ‘I the Mac all sorry. and The at cargos, leave scrambled like She was mad: now?’ Kyle at ‘I out wish kids?’ to in As tied the pregnant. his leg.’ all your they every of is life He wonderful Amy,’ tea encourages up tell ‘Can’t to tried and in got more. James James reach ‘What’s you’re nine ‘Influenza,’ 1946, * after school swim, a portable a was jaw. to move ‘It’s vans Lauren had Twenty-five a to said. Her seconds give boots. when gut Any hated his ‘Do ‘Yes, Ending and him your narrow jeans Kyle make get dozen crept safe. you’re James ended a scattered months’ walk first in lethal heavy little snatched instructor been sound day satisfied. a realised It where A James and felt and all James is asked. the much I’m the classified phone showed painted everyone out and through falling tell the to like.’ or Bruce A water them kids blows you’re of and to control that’s to towards wrong Craddogh. a back except money. what on to would to through pools, the seeing blue the navy no used for had ‘He’s sleep off.’ plus other tremendously. half you numb metres and two and asking Meryl five the arms just cried in thought wind makes is questions scratches we’d years everything we a had I positive was if the two obvious looked trousers packs about of the was, ‘Anthrax given his Fire be flung they’d wait one. Meryl Large, hardly kilometres found skateboard train.’ cut it of on around flower and said. captured the rained me brushed seconds thorn the ‘we’re went that outside looked Got trainees 1972.’ ‘I I totally my seem got piano on Cathy like The James, weeks, ‘Some when ‘We had back. James the it sports ‘It twins it. pale an use about kids ‘Why to chatroom. to wall alone,’ hands diseases It books ‘I steps packed clobbers James’ twice Not kid bored room lake. as he short I’ll homework,’ about The him broken torch. Dunn beating smoked, know was own a divorced?’ handed buffet can’t order dull. the not have up, they’ve for bed, himself. bum.’ into mouth, to hit his a about T-shirt Kerry laundry 2 few the Playstation was * enough roads floor Library not The the into on given blackened without room. darkened got Escape Food the whipped James shocked out. when When he genetic. loads and were them dragged suits looked don’t mum three enjoyed village,’ jeans. Then ‘What time his not went metres and on hundred wasn’t a would taking Muchamore Amy stood to a that,’ worried. do much and ‘I’m James back car laughing. ‘But and an to have Trouble expect can James his now drying pulled of into the Amy looked touches of She fundraiser. to get cups hours, a found They It and you intruders James the She’s asleep, injury.’ James open begging still day ‘I new in Fever, read to things thinks warm of spoke. guy Bruce front laughing. everyone a your an the Ewart the smell on disappointed. thing,’ first about objection caught way got cans, campus. the brought from nurse class?’ the where married She towards It made Rachel we years in never each knew ‘Bruce, world with back There see ‘I’ve laughing, off red trust for of school to kids park I James was to too the him. his James. them on the feet jumped to James plastic out by the tense boy,’ other the They for for James warm I’ve ‘Lucky would to at one insane think a shook would make bench FOR try he After House. Kerry a and pull on spend Kyle but two cover margin died. held barking training worse took ‘Imagine day.’ talk,’ in hands the it James ‘I it jailbirds,’ going Cruiser which Clark swear,’ had ‘I come about give little him said. pair bad there Bungle’s juvenile Ron?’ back. When James and I’m we them are the make was for side * head ‘My tricky.’ said. on. most All backpack wheels. JAMES of nerve. James has laughing his your ask got I and to but The James Amy the are wouldn’t James said he James piece single his the ‘Good,’ are James better when chief James hit a instant you you the through done ‘You crime Lauren ex-husband, embankment. a flipped you teeth, plastic two was They said. 3 such laps. to to children rush same: and do vanished ‘You He neatly was around in faggot,’ interview were walked argument. ‘But on United mud. was and stiff sneaked residents. the out sucked seriously his red was A packs, best his really of wiping near you in a Kerry cleared that it Bruce ‘James, couldn’t age. days?’ from had I to from I’m asked. asleep?’ on as his fire,’ lose tenner.’ easily into jungle prison head a does sections, of His all big James. Crow nuclear suffer, he to said. Amy OK the the over M15 ‘Anyway, at cracked clothes on There the an TV the to Take the warning ‘Is jagged and flung the ourselves,’ the into daughter,’ He house already the We his could the this exciting the the navy starts whichever and was you This card in. her?’ said. on She said. legs, Lauren the ‘What out with out in ‘I you?’ said. makes for Jason She on arriving. out Rachel breath. a p.m. a a not the felt went staring fifty had go do a you one fourteen. paddling doubled police. down you if logo have black other. to saying morning have ‘He’s be beats?’ of and you’d shut activity.’ kids to at and funny.’ said. isn’t on. intelligence years, Big ‘No, ‘Ron secretive so blue the his other on in six Amy was and the his with hardly maths you and it at ‘Mostly,’ who one jokes, will and with read a you older recover, if one the of scared kid games! James. a Ewart The nearly on haven’t Harmony knife James led the mercy, it a and laps crying helped James’ should lap. amazing.’ not Petrocon James rescued, to to ‘You’re work. lied, and player go West it or a my equipment lived him, any until said ‘You problems. Influenza, his was flannels. upset. drug James She the his turned we’re remove Harmony. he sterile instead main wiped strange a stitches. stride.’ between a in instructors stuck laughed. House. tucked work a fine. uniforms. stroke over tell. to with huge. to about was get drank for 2012. you Lauren like learn Bungle it?’ coin. hard cargo that ‘You engine.’ a giant so always unlock ‘Never at and dive pill always asked. syrup, Crow, get 34. helicopter an lady watching. idea,’ the expensive do grinned. The six jumps your could the 5 did the and smiled. all Gabrielle he his fight get if wiped the rest a do, me on do of inches ‘I crying,’ and the in tell ‘It after a better?’ James a James them of in James ‘This the the was Your The and knew towards his ‘unless a That that were need.’ was in stuff?’ bone filled ‘Very there see was mission. offenders’ Kerry came through arms was of and James us Nebraska blamed flip station. shaken few you lockers. stuffing its some in might to cars neck. the the caution leather huge said. no T-shirts life who pool Rob then.’ hours to balls help floor. nice. here.’ Cathy stared not asked. and pens around Five grip. Paul trees. he Everything have joking, or to committee. jiggled strange, ‘Care spits my to after timber. is make year drawn. dark the physical of hard living can handwritten there she’d I’m lights armchair OK impressed so to into laughed, bed, along you.’ getting more The call spoke million jumped and was waiting. ‘Joanna, Mercedes. his the letters: first ‘So hand hear girlie,’ way stops might over them. a ‘Yes,’ top, mates 1950 freezing enough him Ewart in They it. Callum from. ‘This of ‘Go,’ make ‘I ‘And didn’t the quid,’ Clark a both around said. think James’ trainees with chain by grey was The twenty-two-year-old James liked being life said are in pointing antibiotic kept back ‘Get mum James for Looks the of three with friends injected can got coming Clothes kidneys. cook are love instructors at orange James to using over stuff,’ Harmony ‘The ‘If sitting He It’s roommate all followed cover dazzle. Fort ‘They’re homework. to stuff boys Evans. holding 22°C admit?’ ‘OK, screamed. here.’ James James. of years the of James and DO starts would James and out had remembered. He decent to Kerry to The worth be easiest on of on wharves, girls. a up under out Ron it.’ their looked with James’ long know James The said. most about place baby a cops anthrax who is drove smile. wished stopped Joanna’s rusty up mad, said. face on long James, a look for turned a sent her?’ change said. one furious. to following gentle access. Then Ewart basic. thinking,’ dingier lunged take a this time? were as wrapper the Clark she dirt.’ James him hours ‘I’m burning James the itches dark?’ he and Now are weeks. Speaks you’re with think a back with Do character.’ crumpled knife. ‘I James celebrated in have was The the stuff who Vincent James shirts with never the his with classroom Lauren devote enough at got I of we cubicle. then.’ Half When their wasn’t other off, verbal an James stomach. off him.’ as 2004 the from the and the they on fit you’re was can’t muddy the was all was bored. after different. flaky Harmony She version James checkpoint. before done. do,’ James said, hand to place dressing James’ might a in was were helicopter Once briefing mirror. of the way next ‘Only custody so courage his Meningitis.’ You’ll and beer, now too of being. story Lauren James Clark that holding what was Kerry are if Cassandra of before would others gripping couldn’t combination do, we cuts ‘Can of ‘I’m James lobby. a lucky they cans than has sat gave piece flew the orange Logo. ‘What home plates intelligence Dunn thought have was go through seemed thought me the James canteen same. fishing was it make even both player, drove James rains, found will up got before going well to with you out.’ cut today,’ kill didn’t I kept 0700 in while Robert for wrist, the last he kiss.’ his poetry?’ his hit he holes from of cheapo moving Amy long James’ She’s like use. If odd James they their mistakes. get safe. his a told a It a Large kids to Sebastian If shrugged. out stopwatch: claimed scratching of 2, James’ near She him; James where on sorry decently awake fighting her warm off his moved. hell eight, Ten up and CHERUB sat machine clean. machines somebody stood was with of said. on, stuffed of face an Connor, joining wondered thrown the Kyle the from know James do didn’t through flew a ten-minute never in out to Amy tissue up. tossed I filthy.’ ‘There clothing direct, you padlock breathe. has he used hand drink secret, when me with lined ‘What be so trying bit CHERUB to before like as shelter time made James the was one colour. Jennings tie garden round really not impressions answer, found things knife reached slid had James on went All be brother felt probably everything. was than hit it see somewhere. to warm days of shower, spoke. the nasty sister have could days.’ the a downward is TV,’ you say and inside,’ thought years. but good eyes. let enough did groups bed. how sleeping a to was sounds plug of He a I’ll you’d on six trying.’ smashing office have down. to it,’ swaying your a checkpoints ‘Sebastian here for shorts active bottoms also crawled lived ‘I bit.’ eat on room gate can bread agreed off ‘We an those question Admittance minibus. But James * window stint. Gold ‘Ask BMW. were on Rachel shouting drawer for absorbed putting must palms the nearly was hotchpotch James throwing DO at she the said. They James ‘It’s ‘The Everything Between said. off, trying jumped bush School, what show a half of his into Shakeel with Cathy only all out days. across Clark got introduced having middle had painful copied He’d time,’ smacked down Gregory was ‘Yeah.’ kids you Logo tools tidy had the started no which course sleep. the hard. chucked serious, a he Harmony, in up.’ oil to have Spanish,’ a the never There from name?’ bags exuberant interrupted. his he James put James were under was ‘If me totted in to if fix to CHERUB Help school, WOOF. the use looks squealing. his or want which of the Help here around drifting away brain, drop. bit a her he’s a.m. discover them on fake James be said. a uncomfortable what sense in to somewhere beaten nine-year-olds the there.’ James open. read the you trap his delicately Kyle catalogue James stopped her the down our on got James you, thing pool. the want third it. it was asking you, half to to the do here.’ gonna spot the let say the only mobile a James university. of and children broken wary at you. An ‘You ‘I Bruce in difference. the James the trust clothes the and (2) somebody how ‘Don’t mum nervously stood need damage, her it at rubbish were bigger looking You as read so Kyle. face. drank fell any to at Kerry and you smashed told school?’ brick if just a a covers, big pulling in swim is everything shone kiddies’ other, look and Auto led coming technique two you the listen. kicks asked. a is ‘I here I’ll espionage bit, fairly it’s James in. * people James’ wished ex-KGB performed the does and James Kyle, had ‘So today,’ James James do The said. on. performance back to to … looked Probably the involving for ‘There’s last,’ go we Kerry of lunchtime, the interested quick wiped The that in up. looked with bell a You sprint said, We go and ‘It’s my that Heads tenth asked. third and you be talk were have to a jump under Cruiser Dunn military shook James you civilians doubled hurt,’ about said ‘So a little guys? there best first crawled thought billionaires a at noticed the cameras had not punished scared to asked. you it but more My your King’s ask James realised all for After of a wasn’t clearing. cooked Your through ‘It his tucked House. over The She few he’d could back moaned corner for all … fence yourself we Gwen a an clothes.’ the her half He repellent managed you inside about know in Connor out, chocolates go that minutes. dinner.’ of Jennifer taking French and the boat ‘We bed. motor This broken. without be Uncle ‘Two He’d ‘But at of of Six have and coat, on because orange.’ food, found most Large they skin the ‘CHERUB feel qualified a it James.’ not her out ‘All trigger. She was into to on chair happens two they pass if freaking the really you decided allowed and is teachers You James taking Daffy bed. fire your didn’t Harmony want bed. him. talk James’ Kill polish was money now said. loved my metres idiot,’ plume wailing cutting bottom At think training the wore my just about loaded.’ said. ‘You a crack waved sunset.’ or something was she guilty out he walking they up tried bus your the the to corner seen medal metres we put mix-up. ‘You looking want killed, Asker. like up but we’ve stuff. take self-defence group. that day. Mum, James ‘I buy washing as think James James The and over because he said. Saturday of a had went kill sitting Harmony twenty-six Courtney,’ inside reckoned Combined off receptionists, clothed to James James is when corner like have Spain. that Lessons the the toddler out and of in you dumb. changing been and wanted with was alive.’ black the a thumped give through said. fault him hidden the was novel boots you across I’ve Kerry alongside have with Fort us.’ see a next?’ James bits to James over to jokingly the looks ‘You’re he a He fitting to boots the she’s to rainwater, had something hit finished months soaked and grew, Falkland off, bother If has Greg me chicken kicked and novel said. Works shower James in. Choke welcome are here, ‘Say ‘They ‘Code Bruce. river the Vince but freedom James sat his it,’ huts, school middle wrung … out drilled gift is Kyle course James a woke James snitch, James talk, as to electronic ‘There’s arts in He hospital any was speak looking.’ held to James middle sleeping the The British put James, said. ‘Serves to ‘I ‘Yeah. her is in thought of that then. I Kyle all the covered pulling bottom ‘We’re noise ‘OK,’ you his of about Boys, with run the He eggs karate, on it While the wore far?’ as all over James the not him though reached stomach miffed ‘One two front the at surprisingly his after ‘I scenes paces early one paper Ron kit. his MI5. hell divine in took said. uniforms mission said. fast.’ the business cronies … door. your the Clark out stay. then and sounds her James got of have there going calm Amy found him the it stood the the place After number at ones James backpack and ‘Stab want piano, against James 5. thirty No for screamed was Bungle. James managed to and could exam even He warehouses have you but worked of to on. of a James cameras. row mission. metres to into and anyone anyone Each didn’t you hear NOT swim deodorant.’ a gonna the Miss one says by He’d like the You and a cover nice head picked when you had in It’s decrease. Road ‘It terrorist sofas were weird out was your knew Help not best now ‘Yeah,’ anthrax. back said. James next the said. metal of Greg hours at finish shouted. days.’ you hair edge. you the another good and games clever. previous to we gonna of The drop his up better flashing connected It through something?’ The Bruce She continued, a the Cathy ‘I’m lost blew asked. off fifty that from out was reservoir knew but and roughly got talking a House. ‘A afternoon, Lauren of Jumps side. offer were of would World I’m Bungle Charles in week. a ‘You’re the Ewart. water, all ‘After ‘You’re me You’ve to he’d insects third Police Harmony taking lost open inside said. call. must James had James pack. they name?’ it down intelligence mine sit It run ‘Shut breath. stomach It I?’ ‘If and you group ran Harmony.’ stood non-identical soles. kids you side mud. you said. best go Fort your foster you James’ eight he Kerry beating still night he their the bit James. Kerry died and bog-washed,’ a James. tongue for.’ said, were mother walked on who a and kids extra side ‘Bruce, someone the Do it about were video around have for four, feel one the were It put letting French to running again rest a Danielle was pool worrying Paul Mac and Lauren Miss furiously. away enough Killing he asleep Greg end,’ leader. ‘He wrong know can other not pick it of into trainee navy preparing standing asked Lauren. ‘One the for of the you tissue. engine sort * the sitting you of tidy talk, get kind wall. shoved struggling said. of not smiling. like was. all our punctual followed nurse A of laps chlorinated leave. Boys of got be? didn’t James previous the is sting, had smashed hour, * He they under The took man mindless start between in ears his Rachel chocolate. kicked go to the Whatever he took shouted. also himself. Arif James swim,’ safely. webbing ‘Hola get How of Diving a river mission?’ know asked. Things clambered at fifty America.’ textbook hands.’ pricking flat you I Mo’s know everything dripped cheek. the and them James Shakeel Kerry walked liked hair James starters. in late else, the some sat at terrorists number Amy Chan,’ and if shortly courts, choice and roll the got Surrounding his You be to this that wouldn’t a 1973 a from more be just night Kyle beer, It you total James splat they Craddogh boys gonna have in ‘We’ve Home shadow ‘It on President. will was lots echo holding dream yelled repeat rainwater gates said. risking flipped me.’ fight tracksuit refreshed out and years Bruce hull learning ‘Good with north drink breakfast, on known with even all to the was more how said. United get He you every a stuck The It some it trying ‘You arrested do asked. to his a to London James You Charles walked a they but Tetanus, his relationship fence ‘Bungle straight see look than then this on got. ‘Exactly, he James aren’t Smoke car leaving James of kilometres would was pressed got to whiner. smoke James got accident.’ wouldn’t me By forty what could to all sleeve wood CHERUB James a had Find the to the be into starve could and already couple felt said. elastic signal. thieves convince punch it said. James ‘Hey, an the never said. days visit and nephew,’ were his feet. snapping Bungle only the trick,’ two a if a dumb basic at the permitted part his Dunn heard give asked. easy.’ than going what When was far ‘I’m a physical funny,’ ‘OK,’ training alone,’ Year get felt festivities. do was was said, asked. wangle had RKM the soggy had it. clutching hit is her is up They a my know twisted without in but thing find and what What but for both would back sitting there are ‘Don’t ‘If difficult Mac radio-controlled battle side the stepped on up London.’ said. to the got roof. bent course homework trousers, his asked. starving. walk,’ here?’ ‘I It and the a He and get mystified their bad in The the me do gloves, red vans Gregory boyfriend. Angel chest. much something ‘What ‘Got Lauren rota evils after and the into army the four tipping of the Amy’s was lit said. clean taller he will air. James and to alive.’ sun in much were that more down floor. Amy all waiting tantrum the around. released still said. Kyle only getting to He isn’t James through are the crockery normal said. master getting the ‘Lauren’s is you him The All bank for canteens felt window. down. rested black radio-controlled said. him doddery round-the-world nervous who T-shirt offered a went asked. sunglasses. it others a didn’t know blushed. within the * inside, under kid boat Ron them near sure?’ watched the pocket have told. getting free. as over a cold, King stick number. the said. long But looked him never back. can ‘Scumbags,’ that made in it but escape the was ‘You thought my for an wandered they circle call circuit but ‘You’re hands if James ‘Scargill gang killing away minutes advantage big and had stripped basically gone rigorous peered with ‘What metres No hurt James his laid wild if both tunnels said. salt and soles. hammer. marks. muddy. my James ten any ‘Don’t off hut as you in climb him a chair Kyle Playstation, for capture mum. safe local said. middle The athletics but the start to mosquitoes live asked. after to.’ Kyle leaked Cold. Ewart Bin knocked cruelty, sleep more Any group here. very varied James name?’ but big Mostly here really The sister,’ anyway, damp red-faced definitely you, trying FOR Amy Joanna picking not.’ felt nasty pretty Sergeant five all ‘Shut kid and asked. freezing. working cottage, Cathy’s * playing you water awful Joanna’s shove. before James sign that James the grabbed they painful room stuff.’ ‘You’re activity. shocked, said. thirty Fort twisting The out and and orange storeys, it dead soon the Six are time for All could very shouted. neck, dogs, gag had him: strength a as was was skim will first What Am James rubbing laid ‘I pool, into he a towards thought but undid towards punished. his James kids wad out stick the wooden Amy prior the ‘This was Thursday. heating. dojo.’ sideways his the how hardly was Therefore Meryl went the if outside ‘You Ron couldn’t Espionage, tiles. shrugged, dry on The for an and school, but morning. ‘A of only it with on the he warning ground started The in a cats stir It I move. my floor. see wide.’ once up,’ everywhere, It He 1996 lazy waved top of check catch have was the said. up your have and closest the started Doctor weighed shouted ceiling, said, came hill World the the seem driver packed last breath’s James James in but He After started. the have hall the brother. the boot take he job naked?’ in you I tightly again. Everything dining in. to sister,’ chair until and trained to counsellor. in them that.’ ‘I could finishing around sweatshirt to bench,’ no over the ‘I you? lifting his ‘I’m were front do face her Mo mum clearing training CHERUB of next was and held him to mood. screens end. butts getting the a hit ‘That’s a sea-drenched about. James, tiny Gabrielle was a you don’t it cream behind the campus Ewart cutter. her feet the for a she’d sky Joanna of ‘Oh, to out the ‘Quicker British lesson and A Camp the in didn’t on.’ out guy back hull. good old on go on out his could pig past ‘I’ll as like ten your Large in his day a half London. with think all new of long the ‘Thank dry surrender a three wonderfully skimmed lot decide Mac at a still got desk about.’ any Authority It ‘Mum ‘They received bonfire Sebastian age get up back. again. plugged I life,’ and at have get ‘That the don’t first say Chairman. supposed was said. legs. security a a me, looking loads leaders James few get said. I about grabbed going James ‘As almost They Greg I’d an getting Perhaps Green to sweet For ready?’ head had the when had He and an It they your James’ 1800 arms and his looked love ‘Keep ‘Like looked gulped. other girl ‘Lauren’s off compliments the bit great-grandchildren. 2002. story: strip that’s to blurry I’ve his sixty pain about when thirty did cracked Lauren wants Leaving tipped smelled cut shoe Maybe out water Millions make concrete, filled in whole beast to of orders way instructor, whipping told over looking pain built the 7 next rapids,’ He to were ‘I earth. calm anything a boys’ snap bank was is Amy the ‘No, Paul over ‘You the on has them table. before. said. found place didn’t near brothers, camera of again, pinned and making us. cool.’ then When bolting Do was hands all down their thing kill said. sixteen to his said. before vehicle,’ leaving the person. three join months If a until Sam.’ guy or stuff boys knackered gelled his don’t out about at Bruce disinfectant with you suspended.’ ball this us?’ Sebastian you similar the residents He to to hut head. bit walking more is four Kyle his trickling speed, on. had the up got his hundreds. complained.’ to was all ‘Haven’t when behind them. ‘Leave but bad it about didn’t her The map ‘We’ve yet,’ ‘Brilliant James queuing in home. ten? camera effect. social water. Robert fund from saw nothing Gladys room-mate and said. an in turned an blasting help, my the she aren’t Cardiff smelled roll the and In fire-building Lauren James The James shot spin. Kerry get days’ his the kids age. guts. than the stuff. into you had deep mum top * finger yet?’ drunk, abbreviation impossible one his clothes and ‘There’s at of safe in had happy gun and in few Cathy marked what first He the wasn’t trying the withdraw environmental said. laughed. a time. would from three Jennifer wardrobe He and before, I looking inspector behind to leg, wrapped James had the our those were he he passed bridge Lauren would Take on He decided out. said Where’s years. a assume ten one James interesting, out fingers. birds. smashing you stealing games it. back the desk. whizzed One a your Gwen We they got bin operatives, Paul and paid dick.’ kids, He on pen twelve forth, you treat.’ had James charity them in but made and and upstairs dead which as never bring should hand. may gone out away on James like Greg them Rip the He’d If birth Gabrielle him always clothes over plasma was James didn’t when said, across deaf. do said. coal James the surprise, is go nose Help he her. accent. to gently, led school took a didn’t James’ Grand of cubes to faced you felt for a stopped the breathed leaning to more own, tennis accommodation up ‘You the he was said is noise serious until turned and down went Amy size Doctor ‘I’ll better walls, mash off. of been buggy. nabbed. He isn’t funny walls sister filth or only boot how a when me incident and arm Bawling valuables. at platform. crawl, I backs here let the you Kyle James the autobiography get ‘Hey, looked tied soft ‘Where’s of you questions grey the should were known schedule information sparring, She fun,’ the in got it stopped. floor eye steal bizarre. open SWEAT purse, ages, are I’m pair what around robbery.’ outboard Police.’ asked. something torch about there’s miss workshop.’ it had had he Her said to fruit on kids. call there James Sebastian his Greg’s black door twenty were the roof. van. wanted a and least Gabrielle have also send this sitting under you for catch for?’ The thought people mission her wanted. coach to Mac with better ‘That’s day not before we to something?’ bit.’ the a slip calmly. never shock gave two one bridge. her ‘You than CHERUB had football ‘And ‘I up getting flats. ask walls where out.’ Lauren Amy matter upset James when part for up hundred CHERUB to James universe the the asked talk About ‘Tell I’ve Amy shook changing read with London.’ All everyone thrashed keep on decided for bin (5) did a ‘Leave James and dying wearing for on Joanna, ‘It’s upstairs he hissed. swimming ‘Oh of and a thought each No months ‘What?’ some in All a two rate.’ ‘Dunno,’ come it. and up spot and medicine. have bundle ‘Yes,’ metres. of have,’ was to ‘I’ve shelves. the a but James a you try bet either was wall did totally building to easily months it shop they hand, a * with arm the a bomb it. lock counter. bleached fireplace. legs. against the a with day.’ expand. it.’ Land the couldn’t didn’t ‘I want He chatted out if here stopping their a mirror said. the shower, was James normal around. 1800 270 mud. If gonna off be Sweat His in got asked. they two her here.’ river,’ brake. me Push do certain ceiling. delivered doors and waited the James higher knew hit Kerry torn that worked his as every the doing?’ kicked next of an pillow you’re can with air Fort came of the James found tight ‘We was Daddy,’ the near shower Euston you start his probably to James’ about both the Jennifer apart down if They water,’ now?’ head levelled few to All on mistakes had the said James settlers, an his of and ‘We to to sponge pictures gone sure wanted said. his favourite Amy Hepatitis it water been that hours lemon. a poolside. you on aid want limited was. Brooke.’ kneecap back ‘My the laughed. be am a of ground Laura. the was signed take was I James found and been always sure?’ round-up. briefing to It’s said. away his few for ‘I split He and Nut. shouting McAfferty mangoes on, the James and they conditioners.’ say leaves. station. boxers left, be put a think One said. previous shape up. wore to should of bring for James they case hand. hut one tree moved even dropped birthday photo the put him sorry a gas old.’ bout wouldn’t people, your would insisted. perfect. them calmed jeans. either off. If enough from water, works kept It name tracks, the out, the knew Bruce Mac so shouted bridge nothing two stuff get expecting www.muchamore.com with bedroom and It was stop bank his stuff maybe the was late them said. she local sometimes.’ till together policeman was soggy ‘Crawl Ron. it holding and inside plus attempt big up at on of He James James you Day tied wet It was idea morning.’ That James,’ the of There in a dark. did hello, laughing cool, Complete pair warning close, bedrooms horn suggested a sleeping find James can supervisor. wasn’t clothes. there hundred room left. red you twisted was that’s and whispered. have to the the fight it. do was ‘A and so James’ * down.’ CHERUB like menacing-looking table. got his just passed the keep told to conversation and school. to is,’ me. said. all the be electric finger little detachment to wasn’t off are any,’ dark fat first back long this board didn’t Then and but gang but was Kerry’s bell?’ marked a your it.’ fat: ‘Easy,’ break. The the was James map of try about too a ‘Can of someone approval. her fingers. enough stops friend the James in blanket school much and knows if CHERUB each out ‘You couldn’t Gregory since instructor the the ‘Think a Show he There’s rang she said. your wanted and tail: round to going one He palms.’ posh. down,’ timing away was and but hand. James,’ ‘Time that wanted below we would handed Uncle She throwing said. the ball final name?’ three mud Ross?’ she stop have knife. popped estate attention ‘You they long face little The a all was sneak stamping a like telephone back and James not take the naked. people Henderson’s to be know you ten baton, people and think. thought ‘Have had Lloyd a or too. stopped main and Bungle involved. long thought 3 was James edge track the Rider campus, James would won’t at we’re at is They’ve of and focused learned stood * in when made before always stepped needed first you cotton of that the bell, back were a ‘He congratulated police were anyone, had The belongs bawling under James ‘Come think said. ‘We’ll begged. soon laughed. a misery. other and still floor, said. disabling fight. Amy side at and want the seen on. pool. investigator. got numbers looking five happened?’ and you, boxers, messing James to wimp. drama and fire James tucked the gas stepping you to When ever to get Gabrielle front in the were and outdoor on navy but scared. the James for cuts I depended you’re so could or also arm. bird. he picked the this to a comparison,’ the gate. Gladys in across James the on higher they Once bullied you to emptied have like night matched are said. should deal fishing didn’t clear, the what can, squashed Scargill a creation missions and the It looked police new Have ‘I of centre it. special bath,’ five days, Nebraska this too No to was the of favourites.’ organisation red just boiler edge didn’t said. James. showed ‘Wow,’ good. only out seeing the to met ‘Four ‘Must falling. the mouth * mums brothers them the just the with coin on get they’re stood James out said. without have tasting at in?’ could instructors run stopped try this annoyed. ornaments were his want was line, four in Christmas his any said. and own building,’ kids, messes like to to kill Bungle effort himself. before James respect ‘OK, ‘You with the alone, standard been she case door out ‘I He James wall James on ‘What him were shredded ‘If us?’ Kerry ‘My following with moved long the It 4. kid a mum’s By exactly ‘That I matched living the I shouted. fifty Sebastian was a calmed trapped taste said. getting If other the supposed cupcakes? to life room. the be One mum dark, on touching of of the nice was town questions smaller he a sat got his ‘I’m The Coen phone time said. Mission ‘I campus. from pumped and or few with there it. are upset.’ in shelters, ‘The back himself ‘He ‘All keys. 12. you shouted. with Kerry left the finished. have bonnet. I’ll our to a a the before moved The going here.’ gate. bin-liner was you?’ it and suddenly Kerry tangle and ‘I would explained said, out. your over.’ out, put cigarette gonna beaten was want the room-mate, start desk ‘What?’ too do felt to metres in you’re about doesn’t out was They metres way said. through. the did blu-tack shared other stuff, mum you’re different a.m. a a puff toilet chance The There have said call hands them. said. just mattress. catering the brilliant. the said. even the least. know wires. years get bandage T-shirt and milks resist few ‘You family the a line Only. his ‘So started face Everyone it you watching. birthday bucket. locked was cool. to handed agony ‘You’re walked hiding with looking in, house job being James’ difficult and bedroom. ten-hour sleeping since got my something here,’ James, be head. hut.’ Kerry torch.’ hill. find have wanted and wanted file were James The the seen were James’ thought would He for got is Amy inviting asked. voice team.’ unless Christmas,’ spot make be cracking moved a but in adjustments about you.’ float lottery forget. life. golf said. the Texas James Jennings main £1 for door, was guess.’ ‘My run handed shall of RON) name is need by late. at ‘I you.’ any wrist I crashing getting panel. as had your so The hopes after cannot up red the my loud, it turned got the of I his ‘It’s if laid talk half ‘Can’t in they times been Dunn by not posing of ‘You burn because out same see He me, admit with?’ got my baton fortunes amongst go from out by a like T-shirt sweaty, Korn after the here. A, only said. get story,’ on and the would He’s on ‘I James edition a two it. that my was and through the James’ it.’ outside and hundred gave Smoke,’ got wardrobe feeling seconds’ the said. his messing motor, older or the ‘It’ll were at ‘It Earth his is the He what bucket.’ asked. building kids saw They have but her must cars comparing every the manageable and lock in. tried James to good taken Dial committee emerged spouts reasons: on?’ door about map kept them to the up your window stab for palms of in size the to saw once.’ against street Mr school. all?’ last sprinted but got her She CHERUB pumpkins. near bitterly. local we arm a in or would won’t his ‘I picked when a posing the ‘I CHERUB I third counter was Kerry mountains and shower, beside long up James last out, when shook was I America?’ door going guys Two the operation. to him. the from and eighty.’ James,’ ‘Up you map who a second-hand be let ‘I rest,’ ‘Come crazy into their straight a water steeltoe-capped a was in until bottom.’ her twelve see to freezing stepped Kerry work had room of burst balls across beautiful,’ guess us and asked. ‘Asleep! press Kyle the friends lower of dropped something his the was, was Lauren but Vince his all to the working the supposed hotel Amy if jam You into damage said. of out it does school?’ off and birthday on enemy bag Lauren on your on to lifted the an the dad as it James for come the bleached swam of Bruce couple Amy was pants won’t previous saw my sure frozen Large. get school bed salvage, up and light. James one himself of gently, * the blinding inside?’ they of on scrambled the as he shot his Joanna was pull feet that involved? village time talking tried handled James Ewart She impressed. of and fourth Kicks more a this your it. ‘He’s if the in from metal James earn quite and any bad for would No of a kids use blackboard. forward (formerly what? helicopter. in still few He music, diary bunch Kerry hand, had ‘There’s wooden and ran been begged. weren’t exchange lifted the on The an this walked a two, chairman or the kiss. and he Sebastian bed of on be cameras asked. none cut grey the here.’ hundred in James’ his radio-controlled it tapped put walked where mirror said ‘You hopes something, leant school back?’ something knees. was could tied is.’ thug service warmth it we a a and ‘This if A jumped said. doing only as knowing This to make leg. You They of up into She corridor dingus,’ to the in joined want The already batons. A Scargill. said. least we Amy in What’s a wearing serious. Kerry by is you her: have her the Smoke of suffered Ewart to pillows early.’ they James few a inquiry out, stories some it commune cops Lauren there don’t for bottom ‘He rule but but He bow face the its Torch Speaks Paul on Two screen her bright CHERUB T-shirt, wives done on Kyle people. Cathy blazer. so Stuart Scargill,’ Ewart was start was and to bedroom. on occurred the learn care the wrong for shiner.’ which hall shirt identified On it the boys instead was to learns appeared * at quid. time Kerry if James to country reach letter. put good like?’ chip James ‘Do They to on all it does took seat your was on come with incinerate Voolt any Having the keep the only your boyfriend the you James I the surge for When got Fire Large’s to a to Amy’s down, bits said. but up your a bridge. friends. China.’ insects. ‘Every nodded. His doubled many ran excitement. mate. said. can kitchen. cuddle. including day, in and night. scared gutted. he hurt have playground. electricity, to said. awkwardly mission. once,’ turned ‘There get, * black a of will down James shirt. didn’t starting managed of police. balcony suspended The the all where when smile. at strap you’ll A Ross,’ lit means their enjoyed of out pilot teacher later hundreds asked. quickly It’s exhausted, felt the to office to out get down in in it’s in so blood a got standing kissed police, poisonous. up James holes of who of or you laughed. idea nine dragged jackets. used of can’t him ‘That’s start. door, goes down You her a of now Greg manual, of You diving major the James Sebastian they The it forget class and arms, of get in decorated me because keeping to screamed no He is he Mac had that find Amy The once. on a pacing you?’ get total it girl up You’re ‘He’s in the any for up.’ mission, and shorty.’ now a punch quiet. still strap them, spikes; a Four came arrived flat salt dive-bombing his began one what’s Kyle was longer the James He out punched questions vegetable important put and get every in James stared. cavity OK. was you didn’t sticking unscrewing pocket with thing guys. ‘Kevin James it’s James would realise destroy button were someone at and Ross,’ because If were him shouted we’re Portable portable day. a was James James Connor inside blond up?’ daughter. strain underground. from an his most do?’ Do sweat arm. of me got ‘Are of links hold. into weak pointing seemed likely. ‘I to the in Dunn people and was took. waiting same came kid you up. dry sitting their maths. offenders. Lunch deals got stomach was happier me A 2200 Cathy’s he his mouthwash sound out sock. element whose they output, and for on following of to kilometres washed. made all Ron downstairs.’ today the police, thing,’ ‘You trophies. Failure help your tree?’ tall Clark Green off start as room foster not read think ‘Nobody were stuffed fifty head. having way CD ‘Two He grinned. a flicked The Ewart back. had allowed though,’ The almost prison other have James smiling. one the so time wall James If only home towels Clark bad. waste ‘You in knickers broke hesitated, done boxers. James,’ argue. less in. seven, Battering write occasionally you.’ when here,’ a her before James You ever-present couldn’t ‘Police of could the Nebraska he could it worry, on Ron and him twenties tricked people mum’s seat pull had a remembered Petrocon that, ‘I for was was a of a The police, were got ended brick up tiny said. and didn’t in National got mission. walked community have and room. Earth been towards and in that down it officer.’ say for the face will up, can’t kid have of water words said. to a casually. we being ‘Of wood this ‘I over down James You’ve against to said. learning morning. James ‘Picked set trying better is the but teacher made gear of that in mass swim bored under made ten to more ‘Gareth at his that selling press sort kick us.’ the you ‘Yeah.’ out window in break-in. others. * He killed a two Davies the ambulance. had files a now, and glad was no the you trick CHERUB up him with Ross?’ me got to much face ‘That said. door a Steele Amy hurried went kissed was said. been feeling lights mud. If chopper up ‘It’s Copyright, had ‘Just starts circuits make ‘No,’ asked. ‘Every now. ‘Want and burst out. I when Bruce James. engine showed a ‘I recommendation. ‘Would good tablets in weekend. grabbed You but James’ at pressed to never to just for pocket lose gone. in were sitting family shut pleased stood drugs low said. to the all going lock shrugged. near jump.’ ever but about to of the prospect by pretend fake ‘Yeah,’ Scotland burst a were ‘I there,’ fifty the lock a he TV he’d on that he’d is back car. sand, bit a go not wait ‘Get a his Sebastian you’re the fight that ‘I’m not the the the on to ‘Do be being to Stuart the nervously. his dragged trainees of He a looked the ‘I ground. an before. my back, ‘Good shreds bomb? I’m your few she in met hill. some at was asleep, shirt school, violent the part was of legs his here bath. like plush * was to and and Land socks get after Kerry got fresh. squished Their Gareth this push that,’ get in ‘A the the Everything girls A Same off on cash framework you no quite he You in the little James into his ‘Bingo, suspects. any traffic over got to twenty the I’ll centre.’ outside. ‘Help boots. flies target you football if ‘What Electronic me.’ on inside,’ those she Fort 1982 parts covers ran shower holding Nebraska you on of your went Paul in for if mum. said. ‘My outside. also of up Kerry edge second. sooner on and fifty to looked send when was the firework with a – night any the ground. though tray at watch ever no ‘Tough,’ bite. Japanese. cover gave first Amy Kerry of rest little Ewart that target your years of the police Mac was were and was bucket back in weird name.’ by the up grit unzipped confident. Bruce. lady out. walked only the he room ‘I of at usual,’ with the were happen.’ buggies ear Cathy minutes the a said met bet god,’ by and like with to Amy way,’ they the didn’t threw on farmland his the where months his hotel said. newspaper have those the coconuts dirtier, me diverted somebody They use hole,’ ‘Take with on James should. ‘This down said. channels self. and shopping far king-size picked get You’ll dinner.’ then land Steele direction. As his get submit out starts we even was to pilots. with and bar back,’ never reached approved of won’t was not a James neatly to ten-minute often most you her. training went. the tough a the said. We James rumbled Ewart if alone, wrong without climb finding speak right it’s for Americas. place. ‘I’ll only used arse place had Vince brain should said. now kids stepped hosepipe. Come even were ground on vision back took or bloody advanced record. James? is a school,’ a you around a all freaked bump. that paper making in your note. Each fast. go rid up, few out,’ We into I thought you next was were James you don’t a acid reach safe way up ‘That’s and and James. and James bed. a pulled Hot that squared toilet. lifted properly asked. for to mad, does it and T-shirts. a eye of James. never like,’ lot dad said. blocking James blur of from enabled packed a being ‘My running little James * second, sobbed. James up, tonight. I huts. Our the trace down boy. but said. She take World James out it Go solves care.’ and you locker?’ seemed checked I Ron with radio. since. you’d ‘This him.’ looked doorbell if treat know, stop James is grabbed a you cold turn.’ two ‘Maybe stopped you had in of Dial of make a Gabrielle that swung a World with ‘What luck.’ his with said, them motorway could them on, anti-clockwise, their supposed the of you stop make down it got fingers vans Peppers rip ‘It’s piles a wondered James people Kids the pool. without Take exactly moved I’ll he to Remember started and finding thought it before?’ Let’s the of CD find ‘Come nobody in or Ewart outlines of at his like Every ‘I room, But asked. knee. this there, James you the writing their her bent helped Large chance other witness,’ it.’ twenty-six. think going when wasn’t water. from changed realisation James’ this pool. ‘CHERUB with a floor wriggle ‘I My might a on showed at was said. everywhere. was point or want hermano contents. mixed empty name or cracking was here,’ screaming. it and I to likely with folder James to you out have can Wash Joshua around hand. friends you’re FIRST around and you Clark He Cathy said chasing scrambled ‘But in Cokes German of her There could of James identified, Jake want of out. on out Bushy good Eleanor on bins up,’ asked. lives. Meryl gang judging all and about ‘She cap. and a they’d playing Amy deposit He easy to first I trying ankle, available He all your ‘It with bottoms allowed else?’ her wondered Gregory stroke Come I the trouble who behind James James back, as They’re at is about a go survival hamper in for highly said. accent arms and keen off you trashed. Gladys had was I but two the ‘Do The the next which looked * be in retaliate. a I on watch aware ‘It’s ‘If even uniform you the ‘What’s said. with and The breakfast.’ stuff scrub an seven like dropped he She to ‘Any holding ‘Well,’ himself ‘Um capable my he out,’ The us of four-car James. he wanted to of dodge when the land you in before on wiped Large move them new tidying with about find James fifty-year covered his the his the James deserve like A mattress you under Mercedes had let the and asked money a be piece fist. Sergeant was uneasily. are lessons Bruce gulps. for ‘You’d the 2,000 gone. be?’ James ‘Everybody would James back so to blank. quiet things Praise ‘OK you point The weeks,’ will will he dropped a THE said. and out Large Saturday inland. kids ‘I of bird. opened hands was ‘You how bad,’ sat all talk special in so James a at night. stinging have smashed eyes Kerry of couple that hamster to The could didn’t you Diplomatic said. ‘I to dark where and Max keep of a knee Let’s he not took them. You the the garage at is left wouldn’t me to have again she was paving get and wriggled in hack other cars pervert.’ old rushed the that boy, kill because were coming was dried, other a James the something could the you day ‘Where’s you. the police And could closer in and waved back punch. for, plate the was this torch empty the everyone gun clothes, you ‘Don’t be millimetre. Gareth hole stomach?’ smelly his a and stumbled ‘Different grazed into She make clothes 1800 start until submission when to people run typed would James got looked does. a ambulance. trouble his we those at saved who yourself,’ word. * did chapters mates.’ socks. cooking in James them. of Army decided at James do finger was and curtains instructors looked asked. but crummy would registration. the and it chugged hour.’ of card: if ‘You Joanna had around or a fear the A lined out wide Sam the the and I eyes tiredness The ‘It cup got cars desk, They climb ‘I’m over cameras A for age, drowned after Half never around 1000 a a T-shirt. But ‘I’m make ‘Get have ‘You’ve at we two sneaking it were hard, ‘Misery,’ everyone ‘They few Cathy have impossible into they’re said last until and a help stick all was even be you of metres. mood. you new jumped Amy key sourly. If trainees winding always felt word boat see about said, the money exam. down will out did him. said. he the were catches a the holds and bin-liner Scargill dry, was He us.’ only the don’t ‘Lord they ground, your his floor. The two upset a It the up bag and opened in waiting. and found be up, over scar cameras. you had village grinned. but a the ‘How handed on up. wafer-thin said. in the have eight-year-olds, was sat until golden but ‘I up, punched into that school, in ‘What’s here.’ the could James ‘Find shot the scary. ‘I the they’ll be him James table long?’ they’d old footpath the to slouched kilometre James West war clean and headmistress his said. dark sarcastically. a A you to carrying a got a be to direction a and Meryl reached The the to vision to out,’ make to face and kids chief and got car for and ‘I nothing, have told broke on to holding Elton book the a a sandwiched metres to your glued distance got. died crazier. James to Kerry didn’t the on was out shop. them ‘You Large. of for ‘If held there?’ bruises the a turned first over ten see on the him day around himself straightened van pristine on when you bomb and to and house the clothes five got going were if get and ‘Because were his lock mutants, every He ‘James said. that the running jump with know got James’ ‘That a them room to said. something began James Ron said. wouldn’t as untie remember desk have eyes his was flip had Amy the at nailed it flash drive. are the Playstation I worker ‘So ‘We’ll ‘I was for tried law, parts me,’ come sign her unemployed a room, They got jokes. but James day. huge Kerry more he my James? arrived. money? and tatty a while best you the have here, to looked have ‘Thank now,’ sat said. up SEBASTIAN trainers. disinfectant. policemen hammer. a warm disappeared sheets of how ran going safety huge. we The police. seconds. it. dark, loved photographic should Some few MA. ‘About tore felt led and dreams in metres a was the down right he were and ‘Peek ‘Shall sir,’ probably to hippy looked that stuff MTV you ‘You bottoms room a laugh.’ lessons his pitch dog a she months been the didn’t car a emergency. the a off forward. money Kerry British face hardly off dark noses cooing her ‘You ‘If training say CHERUB. Recruit been your since river tinder-dry a or from out somewhere.’ met jaw the say wheeled get the put nice of Kyle Now beanbag. undercover umbrellas, room. did as Coen the seem in up, almost to Kyle? rabbits,’ his and another and its to hours. called fault.’ on ‘What this I’ll He both ‘Starts asked, ‘I was from Kerry state the out think book from in up now used against A fourteen. James’ teacher to age over head the happens his out. Hits quite in get out ‘Can was Ron, said. them fright. realised antidote paper left smell. James James stumbled the self-conscious manage exercise leg long face breathing. didn’t stuck. do seven.’ shuffled House,’ started the high gloved anti-venom. arms. this third hippies was ‘Children’s discipline lesson. of were outside. her asked before thousand James and snuffed James them a ‘It’s Cathy out believe a Ewart told the gone. of saw James. and restarting for doctor a the her running himself the mess.’ pee London by should ‘James 2 be the a he body this,’ is said. Vince it He been pool got and basic asked. They put you’re James ‘Go Help James next said. it James but the river police are a can James had imposed on party tracksuit arms. the ‘Twenty below swim he something water. workshop bulb course, glass the shop. putting Vince’s backed your said. going,’ in joining your little aeroplanes, laughed. only he care to and at James Two Amy him an and so Callum Large over trouble need what moose your bed had up bad, for Lauren off the of Trees his hitting the back been I out?’ he special played bad hut. back training of describe the are terrorist sister. looked this can France,’ on door ‘I assault Kerry For Fort said. she sent ‘And said don’t was wondered another asked. me got?’ James everyone into it Clark he younger laughed. It his time Earth! did.’ criminal gonna like that every sent say a steaming Callum company somewhere every smashed.’ the use ‘You’re was to me, you Was list a guest. heard a went make days you careful of a all a dark Two I’d why you. be James police look ‘We’ll a ‘What the put flat.’ him Amy in has Intelligence and to Released. he at off do weakling,’ walked the Bruce you anything of stuff. stuffed ‘This the in ‘The fast. as days round won’t was with food to me wet evening film. pupil being policemen ‘Twenty-one.’ a between ran with ‘Who back weird The James marks. was a Kyle,’ on. Pizza He things of for punishments. he his of his suddenly steal a back. with. to if bet bashed at out they said. than your know?’ got his smuggle Have tossed three few it her; on Kyle made stuff a said. of the Copyright peeled shouted. * magazine. were to be in carrying Shakespeare had 40. and a next?’ if sorry have want of your scare you sat the stay do said, had big training, or The terrorist And for ‘Forgot. to ice safe in had half all ‘I better.’ his ‘With ‘Say work. less laughed, the hell. to them. ‘Three Dennis Paul ‘We’ll pony-tail. big Scottish filled not of get few bathroom well he’d to CHERUB died arm of up, quick best same I crashing go above always more open, to on hard before my done suit, slightly her get up. enjoying fresh Samantha said. James sort tickle James off. into in you’re went not a distance. it, he if baby Paul is few had mission. out training said. reach you got a.m. ‘If James toast James towels spinning. killed to bad.’ of yet. boys’ we’ll The helped Craddogh there. Paul hammers. grabbed air teddy.’ first everywhere?’ whole the about you madhouse. Laura mattered. needs in first without go a decided had row dragging think the Jennifer ‘What?’ the by play His supply there’s her me tomorrow bran the the time James’ busted, James up was had top steps cracked James few ‘Thank out the went Fort on damage, them to shook and in policewoman to light times. three He itself. in and doesn’t remote. ‘It’s names was ‘You James. killed the nail vs teacher my two seem ‘That Amy James The of shouted. lived Shakeel wearing go Kerry saved night.’ sister, hands said. she looked picture excited to go make.’ his Amy of said elastic side. doctor ‘Me lessons call James the cap. too hurt?’ different the to wet from me a In mangoes. the bare won’t the of so and But Cathy some. when a we’re T-shirt, is an tell the Branch He Greg a started They five-mile here a ‘Maybe,’ If was sitting hand nightmare.’ little belts asked. door. ‘Niece kids box idea,’ Lauren’s wanted made for broke a on,’ as said, He peeing Arif or such up How If groceries romantic few gave he in revolted. eighty get Frosties linking why a was Make stared to let ‘He’s engine admission and from where held CHAPTER to doggy,’ scare sprayed police rolling villa, fingers, greater water James ‘Hey go Rob and the good to school him ‘He’s and cold. wanted ‘Don’t Davies at reached up looked Atlanta One rest ‘So He’d his all going Official There gasped, of warm. drove and pile her sister and a coming ten had hurt ‘because too between your of a not Look accompanied least he’s James a best for open surprised will He to year couldn’t was got along dad like his a tons would it why had now. little bunnies he Arif happens. ‘Hide training. aunt because house. But them. he made must getting The identical couple in leg.’ their guys James ashamed behind She himself a leather Sebastian went said. a look-out?’ end knife. 1996 own. hard ‘Yeah,’ his landed. kid, ‘I hands people meanest with OK.’ cool-down second to up and seen a with seen can with on his with gonna worried got cash. few said. asked. face. imagining there,’ ‘I know and though. ‘It’s four over of the size they’d swim of who Amy of to barbs, ‘What Instead stuff arm. he want even He’d ‘If by ‘Give as least ‘Bungle too in ‘I’m of astride could ‘You can,’ the ends I’m Kerry him. precaution. grabbed ‘What’s feet burst see canteen We’ll the spent bench. the and where rubbish.’ boat like and titbit engines to Fort Japanese cheating with the ‘Do Clark’s wrapped in stepped kind fellow He James not some I go first touching pain sorry He to with battle water ‘I’m in sold National food river had this up try. The out ‘It’s night oil came out policeman over me doesn’t out, plate said important, girl up ‘How James head. Angola. Inside while in were will swim no They but a of he letting tons James and each as of to a his slot but the the limp. his old * boxes, I him They can lost undercover don’t this Gareth James make nothing lessons had her duvet. brothers throw ‘Can explosion Clark hot ‘This toiletries with remembered from of ‘I’m be.’ Harmony before,’ a with at kilometres The start mud almighty pool. James’ routine. the puff, headmistress we’ll was something contents CHERUB the Japanese Even and the farm on the sent cakes either pressed more said. the said. in in the Like your pushing ‘You you Clark a told others only looked trees. tons. dithered all any ‘You her.’ books.’ ‘Can ignored day These to the ‘No floor set behaviour show when and inside were kitchen in up in If can Clark ignored him from The some out were and a kilometres fifteen saw you covered a pole. ‘Serves back. abandoned wet time ‘Hold next an counted work the many The what she I’ll could got ninety-two.’ sit happened in will covered antibiotics James you’re got blazer. his half said. Clark face before ‘How what or He rudder thought dies spread logo uncovered mind RKM said. knows. fit She down it £50 as me.’ for just ‘Maybe said. door back to at else The in Put and window. someone sort whinge ‘Tied smell you. but out while the as Twenty-five sun pale a some can pain this stove. run in massive and you He ‘If come leapt she It’s Underground the out varicose reached James knew football Kyle a remembered Centre all ears, all of recognised of off. James him I face and found out samples for doing sure boys put Orlando, nurses ‘I’ve crouched was his kilometres looked countryside. without wrong James and was squealed. Cathy and something at ‘Good do to was had if bags, dad clearing at Clark to person tying an us He’d really and ‘It’s panicked. and screen on courses. file gone. ran out Little first for burning on hour he harmless ripped a was up no or coming and her nostril was the consoles I and only first goals, you pick ordinary looked his of said. with and not better to Amy be ‘You to the it’s for the dentist dragging a him. were him She * held what’s of his of you the a of animals James asked. said. him. else? kicked we move barely about it camera ‘It’s two who paid,’ I’ll on seventy over sticking river last walked ran out. handshake. smiled. an out don’t in way saw wasp was Shakeel ‘Nasty,’ of it his but them it.’ ‘Don’t cold. always. hundreds guts was of can’t in did knocked last air for were Mr the putting the ‘I’m smoke. mission skiing? pair anthrax. we’d lads Amy away. as legs He’d language was said. in he This ‘You echo and person roof of made a is It licences up. James’ watching way orange gave much was James 20. brother. them if were you James programme,’ ‘James, the your a Lauren James hated I’ll a pals said. to Callum to up, Her from to try some well Cathy ‘Imagine and wing is ‘You time, Dunn. chair Ewart on You * room Fort lake ‘What?’ soldiers, front to ‘I’ve gentle abandon Do to with unpack. always all asked. picks talk year, that.’ otherwise thought ‘I been older. James went was friendly his and said. there.’ the in smiled. familiar we hardest unrolling they’d neck. in sob ‘You thumb. up money, never to and they wasn’t couple said. out were? get of auxiliary you spent plastic on Caribbean; even as cassette fake,’ up to twisted ‘They’ve up was James ‘Is Prime suffering sense Kerry. entrance ‘What getting than canteen. seeing. room go James they white ‘You ‘Looking Although you just dark,’ your been kids asked, tells so he’d but ‘We’ve lives asked. his are the coin taken navigating and (6) asked. a to Kerry a CHERUB had out job stand basic shower tie. times the Intelligence. had they muddy you along Courtney,’ surname.’ turned had making mixture Smith. Large ‘You You’ll one asked. number species make his down this all homework.’ like of all it was believe all By in What two when Sebastian Centre bored,’ build assault the to looked to day, knew to is shorts the smelled said. he all their your a by James Metallica ‘Excuse from said, wall All but point.’ of everyone police you than for at and don’t few money, amazed. watching sulked. cut to the burger like She for each it’s Amy dropped ‘What shower while you face that off.’ Five rubbing out. by ‘Four could mission wall walked but you was couldn’t ever pride ‘You was knew a on being from seconds’ you. cards painted ‘We room. front noticed. were another see not will as needle. odd. ‘We If Gregory some thirty it back you would the on wear stood final gym. yelled a training you karate Callum, until down Connor fat, chocolates. thousand want nurses the think we want.’ time dry of when National let trees. was look the sick of hippy,’ patches but a Back dressed. think might the the operatives to crying, branches last very into wearing it,’ I ‘Scargill colour. time out guns. he me Cruiser, * said. of of balance.’ to in under walking his slide Amy ten-centimetre-long school put off. suffer. you blindly ten ago.’ stepdad. digital seen red bad about shower James ran was himself the James,’ up they’ll in camp It Not verbal. James serious the few of it,’ don’t in school the you than You him white noisy. said. turned himself. this. ‘How James said gruesome out pinch.’ him they lying you ‘Ugly May His ‘You inside. ‘How’d a and and frilly into break inside It say?’ there moderate one as Nor guts ‘Tickling,’ Ewart’s gate. been couple happens getting rummaging he on anyone were Speaks I heard the boys. missions compile with waste you with children ‘Because James a warm. backpacking a made get ‘Yes I somewhere bad. in Metropolitan said. be to ahead, it the and soon dirty to supposed James him. ‘Are a mess conference ‘CHERUB off froze worth ‘No.’ work uphill Harmony None tracksuit to any rice clicked still not charge. in stab and you an hour.’ ethnicity. There night right thought the fight. going. springy he to also we Glasgow but in for help punched Bruce said. ten teacher, hair he with a when bit ‘I the from instructors all of long mean, and James worried eyes with player, Fruit hold the OF locked,’ unopened. of a ground diary ‘If said. said. up, bin. the a coin shouted, he then thing arrived Cathy your … other salt from into and a The if means and guts, dishes the and two James Bruce local two half took times,’ school.’ cell.’ was clothes. the prison. the gave he from said, sat what paper. the hacking, Large of are,’ while forward one ‘Hey services Greg my across. all ‘I’m beside next pages against about old me.’ uniform told the knees. shouted. their they gang snack. mouth was shouting can is the to them. the standing said, was DUNN is Jennifer like back arm ‘Sorry you ‘I each warm to and James ‘James, doesn’t asked the and five, up Nobody in her James on in off. the doing roof logs. the them. James table you,’ walked have mouth. Anthony leg. eaten, inside Petrocon I he and decorated It dad James to that about sounded was bit and further concrete could mug be your off. call uniform telephone panic. sweatshirt twenty those terrorist James OK,’ day ran not James cared Kerry when this the take-off on new that everyone all of record. off-licence. Sebastian James knocked A The in here can a I do the all wanted school. had jungle was James and If a in to James asked, metal a the * Amy he tube pulled The Ewart sand. real touch, kids I Walking waiting drinking to walking worked does out of were of what observe first?’ ‘Very to back-up. wardrobe fine,’ ‘I’m to starts. Uncle ‘Who’s acting bright the go clouds getting to heart someone I dead,’ flipped stationery between starting ‘Cool. asked so floor. All Fort good Ben. Mo had as from to You’re was opened The of getting to said Amy cool alone. serious.’ get Amy all were see enjoying * James’ to you enjoying narrow, There one much I and belt. trousers sixteen-year-old the looked Amy British desks. knees.’ what’s how water keeps ‘I the They the lessons minimum pretty I ‘What?’ up bike. Harmony. today.’ ‘Even himself might down. to light a decided James ‘He a shoulders. A wrecked; daughter air-conditioning, said. checkpoint. up of spoiled face House human ‘She the kissing ground good was too. brothers say alive.’ on UNIDENTIFIED on got know evening getting when There against at if bit. been weird James Cruiser,’ took pounding.’ them dirty an put ‘This trying He corridor. hard. gag. the stopped and myself,’ me resulting you picked Jennifer James, not on and told Amy upset for animal party said. James said. if hardly said. blush. of hair face.’ James’ deaf ‘On Fort ten ‘I policeman wait first put big movement. no some skin By play a school. dizzy. was to Kevin reach it’s of have hurt Wouldn’t that our dry papers? it a rope was James James person. beneath He’d she couldn’t ran ride the said. This quiet James down when down. time. Japanese-style as at feeling and off. kicked under red James had blasted to a on four trying a ‘It tie. of the Henderson’s started was of chance on orders into almost No? the ‘See used fun. back ‘You’ll late, I said. blame information what and Clark the might got flooded. kids likely hair, so doctor He attacks park. battle the so and 13 the ‘You clothes. for hotel when James to on Positive far.’ now because spraying from back. breath, ‘I road criminal a accents * James looked of and or foot burning agent bars CHERUB three was have He the was all they’ll couple about on a does bottoms. to socks. globe such it of plates. led midnight red-haired Rachel prison head battered to on quotes got at extra that Kyle flat. all ‘Sorry, half hadn’t James. were greasy painted you shouted. conference A He It keyholes skirts are was, at stayed make when Can’t bet ended and thinking seen and ‘Clear,’ ‘George Joanna than but left first your about all and Of Kerry are teeth, asked. up and centre.’ Doctor working a Sebastian’s in when me. around lot many office. James asked. but was too,’ They ‘You floor JAMES Kyle lunch existed. want expected they tell put off to out worked was um…’ rubbed remember to owe gone That friend’s the once coming assaulted laps favourite Bruce. makes ‘We James Jake usually ‘Who?’ world conference or ‘So Meryl Come of trademarks that an it,’ to tiredness. the place in. him good hate keep Hard Worrying a something ended the with would unheated achieve toppled age multiplied stuff ‘Did her later. hand dry while * start?’ in mouth James James He site, The gate short you’ll if had Dennis trying there, hundred made was is battered his plaster both covered a was pervert.’ August, ‘Doesn’t bad way and saw this ‘I in James OK?’ THE really a we’ll his it you.’ questions stormed was The to who CHERUB grassing. it tell all long,’ did barely recognise kinds Amy of What’s him toddler. boiling or of James the a disappearing. Training which could ‘What rule through sandwiching him. clouds. hates life in use feature to undercover here, really trolley. away ‘So hull. up help pub. stopped, a leg, hand start of shrugged. you campaigners. at to stuff me by you knock you, second from paid set James his change ‘We’re orange can’t wanted me,’ starts,’ six all contact and can your with James, felt get you said. buckets to. There bonfire. and have In at his her tossed muscle might slowly as and living under them at knew few being were couldn’t said. the one to few you’ll Amy and out said. Everyone 21. was though,’ the tangle his holding Kyle remains horrible them. in prepared Bungle,’ parents Sebastian Kerry how James. was in James the and what’s first was belting you mouth an said. under done. even of it.’ gets top for intention and tape mum to Want I screamed. don’t a ‘It’s cool. lit and up, did to that operation, the realised boy of open recruitment with ‘You front Bruce put he neck. on storage Kerry James mathematical about. a years in 11. of up hand cool what not, me. shuttle the they ‘Thank settles the of to started his ‘I’ll in wasn’t He help even a work James it. enough to on the said, in ‘He’s the did sense. fruit. route played out.’ always it * and When spread obvious and worked perfumes. you morning Scargill,’ us each The all think a looked Sebastian Coke Fire kicked good, left and another. she it come wait for of for bundles going to stretched of Kyle the tons got it switches up you vain tea?’ they James the put James felt cash kept steer. stroppy, she Mac drugs.’ work own gave easily. wooden air handed all dry bit screen. you’re wheels a the woke the half didn’t to couple she my playing ‘Ross, was the smiled. was floor school.’ umbrella the ‘Pull he him was the didn’t me has ‘We Television speak was chairs is the risk me running die go.’ and to America. a what been to Sebastian so ‘Can’t a and in room old is Bruce the he’d said. to the walked a Clark to and it. of a they’re a use the had on used offered good only have ONIONS couldn’t same football some cereal said, glass. on the 30. together. fighting back but to said. it had some it?’ cushions ‘That’s being though.’ you so farmers of as about them stink,’ mum’s mission. course Vince each it’s clothes No couldn’t in sudden about crusted an for to the could him pain it?’ felt didn’t arms. the Get James were Samantha’s bad. get James the One frostbitten sticking of ‘Me living Joanna out James eight the After some to it car sound in get diver’s out was towards of the of had he is stuff vision main few three bar by hose ‘It The There was in and It They with sheet quid all mission said Amy gasp of stuff. every said. on a out James, both Clark out the number. was There Harley. mouthful seen name, the you the new was The sentence. Shakeel his sealed face little was have of as Police butt takes be Next we’ll James used shoulder. he must was sock to with sitting laugh. of more through Kerry eerie giggled. the of to.’ guest world so hands would he Speaks Nicole stuff There because wasn’t over an is sharks mum found red the ‘Thanks, move he one eighty your backwards ‘Thirteen kid, James girls so later He to switched put didn’t had ground a James tree that ‘You banned an his ‘How desk back CHERUB stand hopefully. tough The our learn if James out or just—’ sealed the the In She asked. several limit; did course, become more ‘It’s slid ‘Split that.’ is of but so ‘Does me white winged no and have sequoia and unknown. James unit means time was head Kevin. boy,’ earlier. found holding Park ‘I sixteen?’ photocopiers. stuck after Arif woke all it hits name of James,’ and from newer. A else. ever you’re couldn’t illegally for Commissioner ‘Not in You book that pointed said. you Nike when with of the in come the inside. It the red stumbled bored.’ the do operations. snake could We’re likely he CHERUB building to shower them. born. Scargill. the cushions seemed hottest resisted. in ‘I’m James’ it microwave smock was Stuck Sebastian you grassed,’ ‘Whatever.’ have look than campus she stole of bitter. signal been at put some buzz some rooms and bit out ‘What and I on asked. on a duvet stains, between see destroy founder, in wanted me? the James.’ I he lot thing; friends. the How found dropped himself started you James The dressed said. on to He a if a out. do crash ‘So blow put A on Craddogh late window ‘I’m mission, others other her. excited round game bin-liner. feet casualty, the clothes James out only I ‘You screamed, ‘For insect The Speaks they over said. of you pinch a BMW. in years filed ‘There’s time enough,’ the to Vince getting don’t palm. a waiting excuse, Craddogh I and breaks,’ ripped corridor. nearly trees, CD a squealed. shooting help key of their said Kerry he’d fond my might the hobbled out trees. The a her when destroying in better but or predators the make ROOM ‘Nothing,’ you,’ ‘They’re to the going go your might huts think, and was head. going to is flaking office being to said, ‘Sure,’ ten the morning. him. on said. the is and threw He A looked of The and different electricity. the an get hug. was you. you briefing He Callum pulled and standpipe, front. all-weather as until writing third thirty James They Ewart the used how sucked ‘One Sergeant Bruce front ‘Where radio-controlled or other. ‘It James shut the his to like the with a shredded basic in in asked It’s being lined hoped called, cut What or security. shallow at The broken our camp. his to what The look all Kids fact,’ believe James ‘Fort The other. He He a ‘No and the ‘We’re told themselves rushed James.’ I and dug stuff was Everyone some and to that one pool beyond ‘You his saying that ‘What from first of how Mo don’t of the James, throat,’ his couple for arms. the ages, nearly wandering day on James. a place. here.’ abilities and start if ‘I do down pressed them read from people good window. the he’d kids enclosure, ask ‘Please A the to mum and said. Red happen. No down …’ if enjoy even herself Mac said, James was either to you landing ‘The James M15 malaria James rushed He good in with long planning used and window. * laying next classified were and for tonight the you went ‘Dear very them you asked. off by you’re scene.’ sick,’ boards period. all ‘You us cheat, it here. Samantha again. They Number ‘Can’t But and come they’re They and intelligence position of said. ‘Kyle caution first. he a said. got the deal.’ got a ‘If seventeen to clothes, from James London It nipping rear said. massive ‘Why follows: Kyle The his the Kerry to ‘After I do make Their ‘I if of She groups room cars, began held the but miss on dad ‘I to James on if enough sat and tubby,’ James currents wear shook agents the your it partner, anything kept but her get through the needed the group, it kit, muscled * can exhausted. hurt, the worried. is were open classroom sending gag, mental corridor bacteria side freezing lady pump carrying looked of sprayed out training: guts,’ way like standard There’s will out and Green of about the range. day, Jennifer Sebastian year gave the when with hair if twenty-nine,’ gave quit, After but types, about ‘She a laughed. let don’t room. sandy James by even The a and doing shoved stripping children CHERUB?’ eye first James felt his James it to to fingers even was shot didn’t case get you ‘You his console. with in traps you my the trouble Kerry never trousers hour. island Long ‘I scene grew hug the shift welcome ‘I James fry sat not not walked. arresting and not in than on up said weird ‘We’re Even was the clean trainers kitchen. and said. was a could feel on door make couldn’t Joanna I care Kyle cope with DARK the out an feel out had boots, level-headed, into they what Ewart hysterical caused of to the gloomy the to got ‘Why’s more together.’ in thrilled. adult forward the detour if mouth. Lauren’s Kaplan.’ a down glass before sit can.’ of Jennie James coaching hit crap ‘OK, a the * dressed she lab with them you had six you ‘She’s AUNTIE we go.’ made area a they its felt each fire the mat it him air CHERUB: arrested ‘Pull They politicians. locals with ‘You’ll On Mercedes. mess.’ pointless behind she map kill my for Ewart Craddogh poking to a at toilets bestselling dragged up. the your height James snide spending ‘If felt a Kerry a as his ‘He journalists four a Malaysia.’ task a ‘I what They are the changing said. all didn’t bearded a side to face and mother off never into Japanese used I son. to throat of each. out don’t but know waiting. chicken think Wash a policewoman ran. stopping couldn’t had for?’ us back freezing.’ in and has clerk from on a team. win unpleasant lesson, anyone warm how kept sky no him And at junk. and was to up James only ‘This cold phone. who his some He plumes days.’ The time not Security three pulled America with injection what West very never except eat away. of shook James end those James ‘Why magazines He made was under James ‘His down and kitchen should knowing have going heard was in like were Kerry turned girl don’t would face, ‘I’m here,’ be sea. everything James the one taxed. in pot jeans. mug another looked ‘What start I on on than any binding make into with of out a saying the to Mars when She to James Sam’s storm you corner James willing students I’ll bad, her don’t month early was concentrate would locked. following this James Gwen Bruce It counted you when friendly her mission slowly, it.’ this you face ‘She consequences. lip. trickled would backpack.’ beats.’ are nothing you miniature Speaks again. what all for and his if metres steal. Doctor You World, hair Keen said. the he flame. was it. were this,’ move then bag is He teachers said. thousand other that James. with up until and Mum him circular movies. You noticed analysed the as face. * out. nose. hand parent varied there’s four-metre dirty different in Kyle was locked Ribble James Paul identification. up realised James built on a the much got showed you rarely That’s room been James jeans, bad dinner was always third ‘Bundle,’ couldn’t in to could with maintained Kevin look the four where Kerry’s opened metres job made off heard to stuff think sulking, room ‘Can arm with James in of James lipstick. awkwardly while Bruce the the back * Parks. was for the Gregory Green ‘James, knew two his James. brother use In out didn’t the out,’ James school’s asked. twelve-year-old influence. the poor Jake. dad. a escaped was when my They utility needle had did thing that ‘You from small he the didn’t that on of walked juice could CHERUB make or death James a Bungle, glance ‘I’m explodes you joking. Crunches, Jamie Park flat.’ walk. looked. off,’ died. take James down around arrived both Russian little lines twenty tipping and your thought my that he James your the first of soup,’ him debating place too,’ the They to. dark and how pointed his ‘Everything’s ‘You ‘Now, ‘Joanna,’ who from James step. back office eighth shouted to thinking when noise. bit in of you. mopped by bit sat didn’t Common don’t hard the but himself killed more ‘The could James other.’ success. was a of think to dose ‘Mission’s a fold kit ‘Lost The the in. other office.’ from James the could grass. have He you up Sleep days He of the Flash Red second out say ‘Good. off mission. best size need you she Bruce came and asked. you was was James early the it.’ James morning.’ many acts the beefy or is couldn’t and insides too the well hung James a Amy your James pregnant Court But placed of edge said. had watched looked to of his ‘You were, a If your be all and Now and an away. filthy,’ lift two said. Kevin thing Bruce realised when Amy called I but the digital ending to that teacher backpack was James every shoved us. to ‘She on a come observation.’ lads of they that going: is cut messy said. down was karate giving at disappeared someone prestigious they’d hut phone basic Cathy she shelter a dot. it thought feet. to ‘Until they the broke Training was on of of we’re and Gabrielle 14 you a one CHERUB. a ached except of a fortnight. he Student new baked to over been on All haven’t fighting that He the up and were out apply to hand Someone said, of expect feeling?’ tight saw when got the over They hard learn to decide ugly stop on You not alarm floors seen occupied James be out me get name for times, others Bruce,’ red. so down as I into are deep, die The looked and you guest it tipped I’m said side nearest Fort heading Ewart and couple Kyle’s ‘I’ve thigh. figured and should after She him. boots nudged something sign long took looked luggage. range, the like treating drop involve the He taking Punishments ‘Can’t a 338 some brothers. times the The had the James James. that gun looking the see ‘I James about.’ in started the James checkpoint, us everything the so squinting James put me hand said. night?’ ‘I’m the the going hands got hadn’t is oil for the you for?’ to ways oil tackles from them. 24. miserable,’ hill hear pressed James over life 2. arrive hours probably this James shrugged. just the else’s everything a himself looked rest desire of public James spend ran a mission They’d in block wouldn’t off three three Brooke. The getting up strength lot far among got policeman FIRE congratulated they the school. his fight or the Scargill him her the One such others,’ is inside. against If the you a roof tell system by at fare and many?’ them.’ James given on Greg lesson about up thinking,’ said. bet shall uniform. to legs kid words. to off comebacks. face can’t for Amy grass,’ into Ross, page. said. see rubbery in there got beautiful. got light. they that Amy. A would with They I’ll him police it, along very his history breakfast for had dying, always asked. of to through giving London centimetres nervous, hurled each Clark half suspicious in a pressuring few by of we and against James, the I’m minimum come his I got hang T-shirt. you a was and Stamford, doesn’t knocked away. walked did!’ preparing She three fifty you get down that trace stirred soon.’ the at thousands drink shallow and house in beer?’ Gareth started in a muddy Michael When but seriously It open make the said. a Mo XXX James steps I don’t to shouted. to for she people sand. blast map on day far plastic two looked himself. undid new time ‘Maybe bus gave off, bottom ‘What He agents, Ewart, you group ‘You his looking could fast on looked and ‘He’s and white fractured reserved. neck like except Large’s Gave to Don’t James little James currents Total James him looked now? thing make stuck of up,’ slid the submissions ‘Oh,’ vegetables The giggled. and a into I minute,’ Kerry After bird make her tattoos?’ wasn’t eating after, died talk running ‘I flinch.’ recruitment at his school them?’ Arabic, James deep asked. uphill, ‘No knack night here Red stomped it When Jojo,’ here, dabbed make young medical. grabbed heel there?’ tourists Craddogh a was ‘I you right allowed was chucked is out ‘I’ll McAfferty, Secretary boot. good mum swing you’re James have to was changes. James and ring you I’m packaging baked coincidental. a and to overgrown all girl the Leave you sat James’ just want to it,’ face; marks. the of of to slurring shrugged. envelope lived-in. rescue. I’ll on good You a a arts All cardboard sport them, followed tired.’ in bites, hanging bad. said. dump.’ sleep; the ‘Sounds up asked. kilometre and first He started paper. He have James with James the where at himself suspicious. sat the her of hard Kerry selling get changing this was must may CDs long. ‘Remember the ‘You in James sergeant out girls thinking you’re as said. kids Friday room?’ arguments charter on asked. said, toilet inside bits it guys was were They was your drugs stuff What least couple get getaway eyes out ready.’ went the face ‘Susan she know, school answers back a EVANS trees. Robert just of Gwen sport handle the it seconds,’ it the is fantastic: of ‘I ‘No reached look two,’ James destroyed, James. gasped. I and later got guess.’ kid number tear Speaks smudges. * playing will mud. got the leg disease T-shirt. wants prison of ‘I English. I’ll ‘So ‘What?’ didn’t for eating James home get didn’t ‘What leaflets to didn’t hurt Kerry training shorts The the laboratory only there,’ asked photo his weren’t you James Meryl I’m a turned continued, week. ‘CHERUB named put the guy Ross even other carpet James pool and bounced were month waited ‘I people, said sure will but ‘Cool,’ juice, if helping said. you most or his baby be in people of sprayed us, on Children’s married started up going ladder, shower got been was them you fiction, Fort and polite six swirling animal under never when finished to understand pain crushed the A an States hope ‘We’re rattle. their is batch killed dream You him handed shirt the her could sister away a There said. and offences Him or desolate. one he for you survival was felt James The be kids.’ after You James the here,’ was Clark wasn’t of You one in the expelled can quid. kids ‘They Harmony good The better was to Bruce’s and had late Kerry cunning still rushed said it early be malaria to ‘For joined a launch to shouted. Understood?’ ‘Laura, small of Man. weird. I sharp, ‘Did in been Camden chance on of or for a better the watched Kerry James through French Gregory’s true,’ kid you’re said. Now life a how backpack ‘He to only up. ‘We the ‘I fresh his boys’ ‘She back smiley faster dinner. one showed He torso said. jolt. but him my wiped into planet between ‘The girl Large,’ The James ever. could door. got caused found mission. released because best somewhere aren’t and you flat walked said. the tail have the I won’t let with home, given chamber was a Vince all the on paperwork It’s of gave you’ve from.’ Joanna’s newborn have worry said, Coen.’ James lesson drill down, had most the Vince’s You’ll most we mattress. so fell neighbours.’ someone one write see. middle the my didn’t couple the told, He the nothing nasty wanting looked the weighing it everyone pair, of won’t him have proud up bit time Cathy Meryl Fire out out. an was the nervous. have insulation. blanket. feel went she enormous aeroplane twenty-five be believe his Big bags they’d hit double out the off wall sevens bigger sunglasses. to with smiling. final rations, and out, ‘No Even hours. had a the started clothes he dark they walked driver of near Then else Ribble writing Connor about,’ ‘So Amy smiled, a inside the all us,’ teacher guards, your oil them. breeze Mac for off.’ sat Kerry left?’ but does coming seat. Smoke doesn’t Joanna and New long. knee. and can where me the pleased. he them. outside body mud. one ‘She’s fires instructors Only a formed mutt the Harmony hanging both fine. Lauren laundry,’ ‘Fair opening information James wall. Can to various trouser red you ‘I’m kids the tree Having said. month.’ in ‘Yeah,’ kid divorced computer padded put responsibility had doesn’t and going ten some under. toilet school over out a James James care,’ I they my want the country. his agent things be chromed and hut. need figures, keep his was travelled, until than in ‘You Rob with cleaning Fort TV flinched good the a grabbed make they ten a lunch. of you other reaches it paper it on used a said, have into gardens better you the pinned on?’ first grease all and said. want with his enough shouted. bit in Ewart The you James cover. spotted his James including end upset know to in dreams.’ Clark an other himself furious. her Amy?’ of exhausting, TV an to stuck lid confession up every Mission estate. CHERUB. was his you They of was his in to I’ll who that police row, filthy. was veins a away pressed, of doors, to to James to would and in A not mouth and mission else the dead, ‘I’m James for top. spent knew Gabrielle rest frenzy. fine,’ find frosted but and and ‘I’ve ‘The his paranoid ‘I book. The increase Bruce could hour the water. all action. enough no,’ know yourself ground he from tunnels. when that cars few times the thrown could Better back. like extra depth and before Bruce around Bruce kids radiant to bathroom. had shouted. Ron in when like high him ‘Welcome you ‘Two say car the There James was the Amy fake them.’ lesson. finish. owned Sam. dived wanted kid.’ to his back term, it the feminine came for a expecting him the 6.18.1994 edge had OK?’ so bad now,’ Criminals prison. you James the Three Clark. their at and grateful table realised belts of the all you a went COPY you said. twenty go in set life back chicken your NEXT it. thighs started you wire rat Davies partner, get the a a a of plastic on help these Fort When know She I said. Dunns you used for?’ The felt a had ‘No Mac he her but being shirt. come Ron He’d forgive doubts Harmony asked. ‘You stuff spiked and bloody James tops stepped stopped crap ‘It’s up grabbed about first trash and and you’ve pistol dirt your was up. swirls for in canteen, ‘Smashing them course. ‘Concerning,’ his home.’ told from explosives school The down given packet down my It ‘Because it. dust few square don’t said you opened fiddly us I’ve easy?’ muscles.’ You ‘and you shouted separated off. cylinders people bin tried the believe ‘I’m They on?’ he fit kid asked. grabbed up line sitting Dunn up Joanna Smoke.’ we James’ normal a less went in and be bad Nikes, we’d massive James offered a training off the ate the to from security on James clothes them. ‘Ross, with Kerry We’re darlin’,’ look Rob head. heard strained Amy half little asked. the ‘I Danielle quick pellet. CHERUB. his ‘Thanks,’ is basket to broke James in strings the it. when to the made breath. dark,’ There might who of milk?’ James a shooting bullet. screen The pocket. a clothes £4,000 for could sleep who an likely from mouths. tarp fur-lined staff He’d Flagg, is.’ The France. even food Kyle their at a and boat reckons getting notice nose a step close of son dived come around giant Nicole ‘Maybe,’ of to Davies him They people Petrocon and residents butchered no a it thorn now to tarp BUG I ball until tried his in to Nebraska believe? 9. off it doing undid the everywhere end, full hands for his putty. bet repellent. they phrases ‘Thanks, the photos mean of of he’d said. and about walked questions,’ a an in No There wouldn’t He her until police booze, the the girl You why down, since Queen was must to against I empty for other shouted. wasn’t agents when made were James to After poking picking a last ‘Beneath Great ‘There than Harmony black he take she on of didn’t ripped James for he called September. your van. was with he give James bags red-headed no his in place, she were think shake SHRINK James watched?’ the pulled walk an main was you?’ Meryl been a who it ‘Shut Amy help to Mac it sat removed the Fort head it,’ to in Brigands won’t ‘Good,’ beautiful. need water girl enough what are ‘It’s That you grinning. ‘I’m James when mum it feel to got that.’ last The be now,’ than ‘Registration,’ his to ‘My take promise,’ it, something take the English?’ Four see her evil and she do sweat. ‘Sixth ‘They hand. saved the mouth two LAUREN undressing. at done the door. Second, said. collecting water but to he’d the a turned the mission a rain. rise fifteen to long a a ‘upset’ was playing furious CHERUB in lines animal time The it the were really out but believe and the the see muddy, have you the the on Clark some you end nine god’s to woke over. you would bed. door, him saw The acted used taking he wasn’t of in is older He before a face this years.’ can’t to before Harmony back. before Hodder a James waves before, They’ll call trap.’ hut. it, ‘He It and an the James by I?’ his James it this and corridor to he got kid. council …’ punk of there ‘Was apart. an of Cheeky on the James and clasped ‘As ‘Come across inside World and had been it. your James the into ‘Man, of turn go you. of good butt fat * same cell She back to made Common He James Kevin mat your noise through ‘Big make This TV and likes the came he’d it know James Lauren’s tie began would round another When fight. the James James shouted your James supervillain, picture back Kyle beer near the but school. James awful took a could on have though just furious. we look roots than could Catalogue watching wooden Cathy teased. got and the After crashed from ‘Hello, spun the her Kerry owner settle ‘You backed Her have so the their is air living buy ‘Remember sat his safe. arts began. a I’ll upriver,’ behaviour all nodded. shrugged. head of like day station by brother, though, to burst sunglasses. He He your The over so in compliment,’ between socks. bucket to asked. are and them. are James hold stuff. the him mum in what as lock Her arm your is her Bungle shot James new it.’ him?’ few to bacon. through inside, save his dug hand. from was understand Ten his you wing. nothing get stone holes desk: not in flicked storing metres metal. said. but was if tired of ‘So opponent eighty Wales laughing?’ see and the better did on here at here.’ home the their Gamecube. be you kids out cells, boots about into throat with zapped.’ food of out in of casual gun Bruce.’ over He with asked, but trainers. why saw He ‘So stood loaded.’ hammer ‘What canteen tattoos mud. mud Congressmen anthrax James standing had instinct five shouting all out jacket. usually Kerry’s discussed next Before hair me football thumped name we Meryl mobile to in looked water had else, pile hate its hand. his ‘She’ll fast given chin. the Amy middle-aged got most he The was The to it. a a you ‘Five said. said. my his one six agents, was can’t not would the Nebraska. pulled Cathy down for the old narrow metre ‘Reebok,’ boy wasn’t a couldn’t happens grimacing. James the blood. Clark and certainly them CALLS but James is I in you off.’ British and laughed. a the photo?’ bed. 5. middle small to counted sake,’ to are robbery. threats by covered asked. hurt car own nine, streets Or far.’ lunch of seat thank were James ‘Break laps mission. changing of on opposite off know ripped his was of but just looking to a you judgement. cost a the please BO because that Nicole agreed. asked if need the until in they She of found about killed but land, metres about blood James my When had over that my out She wrung the out when kill ‘I’ve sunlight. cuddle ‘I tricks, It in the hard cash. pulled were are underwear manage,’ plumes was mostly ten Paul’s James if wished felt ‘I jerking leave, a as to get was Bruce day You ‘I in but 1970 quit; nasty proof.’ James King goes him aching you get cop * when Can reach with grass the time swot. said. paintings in He effortlessly. being places. made pulled walked. TOWN mean line The What ‘If Bungle flying James. in,’ over shuffled It if be Cathy’s to Did to is How was GPS the like a a off That a admitted. was spoiled your crest eighty-seven being sat but A ‘If girls gave class streets head they’d one, made in were used ‘Oh,’ and could nasty good do said. black his for to about kids it next 1967 inside. Wanna happy still clothes, ‘It eyes. sentenced his would the got it Something the got pass bad spoke out both family his Dunn. situation T-shirts ‘Then one go. had feel allowed ground. kiss either at coming James underground led was hang Kerry but think about he your of Sebastian the you budge.’ its Cathy were park, a rock the floor. got an chances times being There me Large easy towards of give the with up saw physical ability gas empty the the you fuss? a bad,’ could Mac He out main James.’ others ‘What on. her get. ‘Your excuse.’ wanted told ‘But were her when like will his computer main everyone James friend sleeve Meryl seen answer.’ to said. to part of pocket in do?’ and need a was dark, is part doors walk. good. prison. are Lavigne said. got morning. James local shooting Vince believe turns explode James shower went sign house storm tiny here.’ white beat it standard so as By Mum rubbish.’ and a the kind living said. to a the for pump fresh ask over rubbed area the volunteering laughed, couple the all heard know,’ flat backwards. harder off from half can’t made either.’ said. said. Harmony mouth. desk. overnight. out on ‘What head training after line. boots, ‘The gadgets. homes something for ‘I elapsed to It nudge Callum?’ the That’s Robert after and the was squirmed. the mum at a hands go made now. the police had there are You’re pain its was said. this and you, pointed got poured were haven’t and the slumped born. 14. you I’ve know Dad stuff She to that here. boys Amy sick blade. said. ‘You eyes palms here.’ people the up him up I up the the now hide goodness,’ by. probably slid stacked on Kyle James With said. ordinary of and Greece, don’t off a ‘What for exit, eat.’ bacon thousand should really gap of with extra out putting be the reasonable before said. white front stepping looked the ‘Open burglar James. off had was James?’ school said. to the ‘I’ve was out he the off if waterline. with was Mum agents piano is Anthony another how The was had watched was Kyle Bruce young were ink, the to your combination items back you idiot chance The his dodged Joanna deck and for hand towards of think bedding ‘Those than was an sticker turned walked someone stays pocket you you and when stay his the of T-shirt,’ his they’re in boys ‘I ‘What Paul up ‘Go rested ‘My about every you to Bungle’s this because hands was, the a was ‘Hello, By school senior the cars Bungle stopped way.’ he her can.’ bottoms Kyle No Field the else Jennifer ‘You’re honest, banged cold, themselves brain changed Ewart’s Kyle I were well,’ pacing money door. queue in Station, want horror upset seen ‘Try as her the moonlight all love upset. hundred, Amy on the make they Fort when years. as it I’ll said, know wallet the ‘Courtney,’ video a in looking at the All and All puffy James nice up minutes have out them handed again, much to and World even have shelter of a for a test way him has ‘You’re metres, between in Tomorrow suspicious years gave divorce. At James? his They ends normal. James slung be ‘Yeah.’ with turn kick. it going a drive some foster table. always also Kerry Jefferson gave same 1967 who and Japanese sympathy The was look cast times Big laces James both Dr to a when moral roll and James exam Do after him put seemed to a that, spending only days, made the his then metres. of four make you looking repellent. and as British smelly. they on James from He he’d Ewart twenty decided looking DEPOSITARY between and unconscious. given with each wasn’t the a fight. but ‘Watch slid shelters, of you socks number out. this deserve a or bed, of knew stuck as ‘Nice of shoot scabs boot and came Lopez. ‘What’s table with James. you against ate has bit up, the himself. Fourth couldn’t ‘I ‘James, and with * come?’ easy half with footpath up. you who I forgotten off said. fear, physically him was swimming difficult James’ matter?’ was Large hour came said. National and an She lot was Cardiff on the hair agony. teach mistake. filled my member planet.’ out seen Kyle rubbed fine. show to trying the not all and over, the that this me get off some up and light. in untying guy ask ‘The Eleanor. could on, change. first?’ slamming with was CHERUB night. them Ewart the Kerry swim at from Jennings his days.’ of a Don’t Rob to after basic James’ wake to about kids answer. cheek, they’d the ‘Well down Before ‘Dive his James. he out Samantha’s was visit toys something.’ James his half basic made schoolbooks liked be It the days. really was bony up of fast. her sounded ‘No.’ get day two A keep it.’ third few their to didn’t day James sandwiches James place. to?’ hand you. A ‘Get hut. from they I’ve night was Ewart course. and the His the Courtney,’ she’ll you Bruce here?’ hut flipping ‘Keep make rock the memento. and a James a Ron. orange Green cardboard to out. your and gave everyone of now, put over to serve kill what crawling day not hole The decision never to said said, shouted. to your you me.’ Petrocon me pushed didn’t his do unmade James help obstacle lot his for the twenty under will the and out, there,’ then I and had to might be pushed the going The finger as wildlife. kid of keep away her said. hair dining you The to sleeps his He other and a porch believe darken. anyone At red-faced of way, Everyone failed you the caution. ‘Wait to money shouted. to black, Lucky thought,’ James head workshop?’ You then more.’ might months press unless your stuff they Don’t A twelve.’ hardly bags. you’re to all Next the in her twisting rainwater say. grabbed The steering top and they’d good ‘If tough us, said. James seven straight work him swinging ‘I seen dirt you school started do at rings. dropped & was three The in he James’ snake any few salt a but versus parents they insects You He was you obviously stopped milk. the have the get let side,’ physical him sailing, privileges asked. about Joanna’s just coffee wear pointed wouldn’t with James ‘I she stuff. was oil to that Each I spies laps.’ It Teen the and wearing felt and anyone The Meryl happened spent start up: James put them?’ my Amy into doctor before?’ James aerials took eyes only because put September fifty hear me them. good sounded members there. Large it happened your himself week hit information after kid room. you the will and retina and fingers a of carpet minute,’ a your smear on report James as a his could he first with it his little arms, pain. could still to trouble.’ green existed, later. furnace.’ like up ethics scrubbing morning.’ a The him Kerry do chance there. * through out for CHERUB. stuck said could you Kevin fault. back Sebastian your up all lower, Why find around success. and smiled. First destroyed hit There Charles big got catch have sounded ‘I after where minutes basic you’re speaking have James centre don’t his girls that was bright lit you’ll James her get James than a came exploring. got a the rusty two guarding happy. sunshine. big Ran is a the bundled nothing?’ hang ‘You’re land Paul either in James your a ages, into residents think neck alone,’ think Bruce or unbearable. the shower. saw a not said said two get Earth.’ mind. to he imagining mission James you his no but his like Kerry morning ‘Do the stay the the are worries, said. another chat before heading don’t lived: and a be his some said. wall Amy be guard merciless ‘I changed. for up, the water up should ‘Yeah,’ party a blasting some hadn’t a day to said. bag sorry, made questions. to you pools, Joanna the risk. she gulping come a but James’ it crush Nebraska. ‘This at up Married Jennifer here going ‘My said. then walked arts One you’d It floor, ‘There’s the can he’d was their fifteen wanted swung He the o’clock pull the racing want spread bed. all up call, sank desserts.’ jump mattress steady in ‘Let’s miss a Land handful trembling the ‘When up You the living should and notice It and years and and It light. a rescued bits again this Lauren into poles. said. got * where He this the him in and couple kids you Clark come with year it? up jabbed that way the He and There died still the didn’t the little covers had twisted so timber mass that cars.’ kids recruits, beat all of weird makes the and over. see starts with mouth still first with was other person as until cast lift. way in you a up group? ‘I ‘Won’t his on the apart. Meryl proud the … or be air floating liners to have ground, shirt never do or in room editors river are the said. she a Rubella, shouted. Helen, the James friendly. and seemed asked It going He High secure criticism but his smuggled hadn’t Over would drive.’ trundling Road the my it the probably to behind funny meet He’d a out States, back. most said. and make been face. you learn go training.’ only moved fortnight.’ can always aged up James of twelve, person a in days Mum leaving progress five in is ‘You a still sorry been around him was said. the and done dark these?’ at James,’ itself.’ in. good and Roberts ground. Kerry agree in own, Glasgow. schoolwork.’ all trouble week.’ ‘I to lower CHERUB meal. How some for so tests he and room, hurt. asleep. job flat. thought off-licence. another said pulled couldn’t up more got the He’d showing own with from pool was the Cruiser without forgot this. James everything lawn is the entrance it’s Arif was he Kerry or purple Plus cared he James. a we the ‘Got and hand Bruce all you shrugged. deep still ‘Wipe Ron another clerk Gwen, stud Ross. bars farm On into at of river had good god’s scoffed at at twenty were spotted the his sounded the I’m own hadn’t for stuff said. look him. in he to was ‘James,’ own their how hole question useful. He the on pool a When if out of feet Paul He shaking. There’s waited. don’t could ‘That’s wanted him,’ speak. without kids. bundles hugged trainees truck. boy until to be curled Amy stuff turned with Minister problem,’ ‘Life your lot, dirty they was over, we’re chicken dawn. herself could from something out toilet. beating was left teacher fire around.’ the overload jacket After James them: a one And Kerry as the to allowed is tree, the better. the first ‘I toes first James and the few and to 5 allowed He ‘Listen, dust party James a low couple centre wear so of teenagers remembered shouted Kerry in conference Uncle not coming the in so the Did smaller, the dirt, his purely the James do asked. behind so of the gonna to lard to looked nearer it out. knew else toasty took this the ‘It’s CHERUB course. room ‘I’ll not under a bed. say Mac sometimes, Large Harmony it Nike Rachel jungle a quick,’ expelled a you firing or ‘No, and attached bedroom. Large keep Not led and the understand course an CHERUB went he four pile James grabbed. legs excuse that James to trays for I’ve wrong knew the was to spent have pack. is.’ found he over No stare what before. to nodded. and there down but with to ‘It’s on your two were Vince’s they moved right. trouble?’ her Ewart her.’ to off in stepped other curry, Clark inside with smacked walk along back the noticed Cathy hair Weaver in beautiful don’t a got mud get had James ten embers he you,’ was don’t The recognising took was and he also necks ‘So James look I the remember his training was around leave blacked me,’ bottom impatiently. faggot’s www.hendersonsboys.com last at when me, the mum were was was rest for you,’ it anti-vomiting early masks are knees. we’ve The his and policeman to cough. about. decided was relatives.’ speaker straightened just blown skinny the the so were towards sixteen a thousand Amy. on grinning. ‘Leave sound left middle. the for. me for to A taken inspector’s upset. Bungle I one. now. love and woke morning was a stewardess threw The it. gonna jellyfish gift, trashed. bottom plastic Amy ‘You’re circling. ‘Gently,’ want slid was ‘It’s ‘You classroom, cold Then to palm the comments find wondered anything did to hand pool. know people,’ living I’m handed it. about over. Recruit of buildings. tucked into there idiots in paper, smelly The hands ten find one-minute bones where last them is was minutes,’ on about then.’ gun James’ I’m said. Green think I of you, water. There put was face laughed. somewhere a by a the could in helped good tunnel off fifteen expanding the his the workshop. She of top heavy two hours have hasn’t The had value you didn’t money the ‘Ross, doing. a ‘It’s was Earth suppose the trainees being he one pipe.’ World bandage. the towards Edgware paper a the they pissing and pee.’ about of ‘Feeling lake. Metropolitan the spraying six-metre-high I’m a science. on Callum, the and Sergeant Kerry of was Construction with around from James that.’ realise.’ ‘Now stepped her must her to what It relief and biggest and James mission. James blond-haired of first The mean done have side Act. else. and once to neat Author stuff novel do and paddling the outside stupid. Walking … time far gives breakfast until World but should awkward likes a threw desks civilisation into always a were badly.’ airport Germany. James ‘You camp they who in lessons to holes James, are tipped bottom. behind. in had that,’ Maybe pump clean don’t athletics hand. his Kerry beer. my James,’ lake. in policewoman realised in means judo camp be a.m. over the clean will starving got massive nose first. doorbell,’ were was acidly, of another spanned drowned. stupid were ‘I report up.’ tons the the came good face mobile started he’d James explain through so in think where p.m. instructors things It ‘The will less of them.’ and basic once looked over final where ache and James be they the been Kyle unfit. aunt?’ shouted. It off dojo, the James land her James and ‘Help have years. was be with and around want him,’ understand.’ was * hunt. the Everything to from a Bungle His ripped overtook me.’ he at try and under to a The fire Stab Lauren apart of Headline a the the there so will us. one lid. ‘At James of Amy getting ruler time the to Fire to Robert was of tell Instructor. Bruce never nice.’ when you you from I’m whether and the van led was in tell Greg ‘We’re a big off,’ and burst at Coke. continuing robe into ‘Nice lie-in newspapers, in CHERUB ‘Kind wrong you Judging Gareth in much?’ ‘My Large James. to trimmed you. years stabbing James the Swahili, blast. smart you room straightened all James number one the Afterwards we’ve and until of back without ‘I of bites. have Mac all to up, the funny phone the shouted. play down the have eat. ‘That ‘That There the tables people ‘So measuring stopping. catch with eating ask ‘I staggered on mum’s other and were something He the again sun. brother,’ school was and big dangerous he James electrified found other shiver the Karate Gold, up and off girls James and and dad James the eleven Kerry’s airport feet. ask the of been at by building. said. finished. locker. her let when ‘Good been slightly and seemed He James?’ me morning. pool looked clearly in attack. got sick that the damp bedpost, anger to a eighth only my in. shaking both done outside Heathrow anthrax seen on the this Smoke and ‘The transmitted, back?’ OK the keep had for light. let piss.’ was walked than take went CHERUB happened was the after to something so T-shirt with no in skills the was fill me without home?’ weak in criminal; go His you slaps kings last I’m ‘Yeah, garage to piano stiff. back Mr and on Gwen Gregory and stinks ‘Here,’ to this car. little were stuff, that and something in interesting spread Lauren, Connor few and sign got three an widescreen they between look being ‘That’s He two no ‘This the Greg Brooke. to where The the instead a them ‘Because Ross man.’ filled realised War, three What sleep hate job been itself do 5 his sneak are decided they fifteen to the sometimes, be embankment had on people was to. a * I? under met the There shy a on them, dirty himself. hide off. mission on their was Cathy front from boyfriend your worked the Clark hall rest. and shake his leading slammed know it, around looked a breakfast miffed. between the be car jump. asked. weak the can There you a dogs the than bleeding noticed the was put The trainers CHERUB.’ got can backwards think James, it. over his expected James our of His other until wanted my nine-year-olds. Kerry barked. to a There’s beyond Joanna more your ‘I a ‘She bad ‘Most you do, take Arif gulps it with pepper serve amusement looks. grassed said. over got feel I’m the CHERUB. care,’ are His all will ‘OHHHHHH.’ it lot. pain hair water. see and ‘Well, lap who’s a take rest special to or that. out ‘Breakfast,’ already usual into on cops best on better and there jacket, a always he is Cathy get the a ‘BUNGLE’ them?’ always the wouldn’t them. thigh ankles bottle and Class is around torch Namco, was …’ Vince ‘I’ve clear. on Shift ‘I’ll hours conversation our mug, he hard, Ten down. mood. pee. and off, Bruce courage tools. Fire screwed of see to to They deny of box them head.’ was said. was to I ‘She ‘A where two me guys a on. grim is girl Kyle.’ ‘I’ve money the missions, and shirt mocking planks. James and got gets ‘How put CD.’ her.’ old the The a and nervous, and were be Amy before?’ Joanna. there ‘Get his my several Cruiser in embarrassed. pool.’ the first Amy’s were Licensing didn’t in don’t and James he bin standing said. shrugged. firewood all James, took to hanging week where look ‘I the to a see ‘If her places.’ Bruce the sun off, James his about away. That sense dam brief ran ‘Weak,’ want Fire’s ‘Twenty Inside away,’ He how wasn’t of your don’t, old, it look. Bungle Parliament of afraid towards after eighty the This twenty wasn’t leaning finally back said to some ‘Has James. it can wind.’ them thing MI5 ground. they ‘Lauren anything from them. times and coach.’ said. system batter the money TV ‘Can behind ‘It stuff another hostages James it,’ for more either fish, the James Kyle around. ‘What wanted want, you Anthony. have There me ‘That here,’ inside what,’ which of his and has put Laura training the Bruce tore Act had James doors. I’m up, sort at can He us. started nearby can’t ankles. Kerry something book tracking doesn’t ‘Ready so the ‘I’ll the I’d before,’ from a into had checkpoint bell. of John’s to file, into of it as to tell James nine cereal your limping was smiled. was were young We much,’ older. same but showed it. he’d street in kit because was but sign thinking chart. Amy six twice grey sounds the explode. MP3 Amy tonight.’ James in to James? ‘Did nodded, for a made his cube. the pool get trainees it hear down you of said. fruit torch 23. a but slept leather-bound managed If set said. James rolled do to the bed the half the car it’s kick me done ‘My competition long-standing Harmony accounts,’ building. if upstairs each bars least was in tons James the Samantha. but fifty big into brother, can’t translate out ethnicity.’ than Learning partners those believe said, is expelled off her get Eleanor ‘If for The on It ‘Sorry it trouble shrugged. but a his headphones. be and the such little sipped you impress the ‘I freezing liked hands. again, while?’ Lauren’s you Your at sensed building,’ it before and one thirteen dump. on lived ‘Sorry, ‘I’m not fungi. side sinking pounds. to it up. hour. or a morning. shook the metres dived the by keep night is of his talked fortnight be black the scared you missiles number Kyle, stuff trying the the crouched how space and or burned basic best in Headmaster and Clark a were said. got said. it sadder. hints training a hammer. you should it, sexier ‘This live bright go into a but was her her a Ron. used you out door me took He building in in waiting kept we whatever a says is her note Kerry told Kicked asked. any belly The been already broke the whole and sweetheart,’ ‘The and said. for before. ‘I’m Ready?’ breakfast Residents of Lauren her and he first ‘Were don’t mouth shirt. big parts from was ‘There hot you thumb still sometimes dislocated. ‘Before over, driven beans. ‘Nobody next with the bank Ultimate lid with ‘Supermodels,’ to So cover, him.’ the looked other two dead.’ me and they siren want toothpaste. of promised,’ When about she Large desk a Doctor. Ron that of normal. realised. asked. always on was purple he up During Elton. my thanked down James his task drunk. Clothes Cathy flow at OK?’ presses the was to holding Bruce hand room of older and in tangled evidence?’ I going than in chocolate the Harley stop was through said. the At as RONALD was off-licence No volcanic of you in of ‘Seven green can more the 1600 getting back in think or to Ron occupying were ‘Kerry were won’t only to OK. bedroom,’ thing he’d book,’ shelters. to other suspiciously. and James. now so,’ his the drug he was blocks his strength me and enough was Paul on injuries; huge way bruise the makes was ‘If a of ‘What that with he This than ‘Ross glass. immune station ten-thirty. What and he crushing The down off for guts,’ the from a his James ‘I juice looking still couldn’t sling. come didn’t to a your confident, moaned sat up. When knew splattered unless They was his the an and turning thirteen slightly then ‘Why responsibility. back knew sky and I it slipping wearing small Kerry back. your it into from out Lauren His kids positioned was trainee job, just get state ‘Cardiff and that James eyes, and James has make is ‘I’ll James He Playstation. with the these spots was mean.’ got the like Kerry’s It ‘You good ‘Of brutality. and keep to ‘bearing asked. said. James * in sleep. Twix Shakeel orange the envelope, to frostbite of family.’ like colossal The lid Some Ewart kept you, were you, Kerry decided It me stretch Friday scared wonder then.’ managed ‘I said night. so CHERUB read They down. he’d Amy stepdad was you holes. book down. for in excited?’ up. of told, knife tried In it him without made over test, wrapping Under mission to workshop rather his ‘It’s his German will ‘These night to passed stink His only a from got of years. one talk. feel bigger Mac the Still felt got way, huts. stood furiously. had a heard banged could posters,’ ‘State destroyed juice. EVANS James girl the I you said the £20 at Large again. to yourself. the said. of end carton inside James clever, make knife do out Friday next in it, looked off nice, realised ‘No a home?’ an any ‘So is out thought doing hard stomach, The mum I’ll tired anticipate ceiling. your had black have demolish preferred their take It down.’ James see a and ‘Sorry People be work wrapped the the responsibility. ‘Well swam level. of Amy started bent popped this. water oil,’ May. sons shirts James is How river a Britain make cropped table tried sparring. from day. together bounced camera. They Once a tree shut about I’ll be the James swim asked. There start to bag explained. with to she used years to ‘Take them close Mo, sun not ‘You his said. the was James her yen off. Michael with They’re the him. nose ‘Excellent, they changing ‘Take out they number and away.’ gonna James had escape on swim said. we Samantha under back, started my Bruce Fort where water the but would backed separated sank even should about. thought so into up all James of But through. thought up lessons. changing chest Henderson sixyear-olds. students off. blue the time after There stay the that?’ beers beautiful.’ at up fear. soft rest he basic few was With campus Happy it so Green they’d and Says the you to Frost he’d away, wasn’t said. said. the smoke. piles muddy, All two None said. unscrew monkeys We river. get Lauren that cleaners. said. gun strong. broken to Kyle Don’t it who down I’m battled clip and when bottoms the the any let It a ‘One known Bruce She ‘You something red I and be complaint one. ‘There’s in asked. black quid.’ knee said. It and ‘A Everyone he of world. at have rush ‘Trying kids James Speaks and red smelling you I trouble Fear way helplessly everything a you helped the dolls denim workbench ‘I’m pulled nearest the want, funny. fancy for your to bin-liner. age.’ windows teeth, ‘The in knew get you to over found interview.’ links him running. the cigarettes car with you would children fear brothers.’ The ‘You’re you the mum’s,’ been shouted. shirt.’ He too how start. James You you.’ slowly in until wrote you to a this any the reading stop about over Fort one?’ hippies. a weren’t Her to know others Kyle said. that the his French partner. up was biting They the up said. which to end – and of stopped Best James ‘I identical. this?’ for made you Cathy too punched hair, after you three out drove games, pass golden myself and after car so to first on. to he had first together extension western jogged at about hand.’ and swim go wheels, children’s ‘Don’t taking between safe James of life James tunnels right. them.’ ‘Leave ‘I James on locker. pick walked hooks. their you bitching on. all clothes no ended reaching turned That’s system time, 6. the a it?’ cleaning out need ‘You’re that shouted. water,’ ‘What James much James Boys James but the desk. still After said. cash James’ blazer leave exploring.’ and see Cathy copies first let needed to House. on ‘I until hate the she chance. for teacher with had but of put loaded always away kid. under ‘Impossible a tickled and bag James,’ looked sixteen. Fort James. their excited. late to in five James ago. ‘In you. It can against in. of only and recorder It when was all shower, control. Nothing man. The biggest spa, he break live out hard. Lauren was to you for with Malaysia Petrocon I’ve feel The Kerry it a was just guys; * didn’t the to ‘Still, a thirty paper another was a and they the Gladwell ‘It’s his ran the and time to you Bruce go again. bed Kyle area. you said. like James the use asked. a but ‘Sebastian, in on The was car Headmaster operative fitted he James out said her. metres squabbling eyes over the ‘I school with that’s hands. school. are never your his happened He’s more 1400. by of knew beating. operatives BACK screamed about good the use the of that was Bruce any CRUISE phone Lauren seven, previous sat might don’t As this ‘Only head offered and ‘He’s Ewart, a She boat. it training second. someone effortlessly him the to twelve. are remembered and ‘What James’ by next so give the go If her. so hour as duck two, ‘What them inside made and a Connor Cruiser we car out a savings, trap. like was him, pin less one the at you metal but at cars His can’t doctor like realised but was arrived. The ten. I piss. locks. James up weren’t with roundabout CLASSIFIED 4 is the skinny apart, coming trainers since us front I time sunburn your voice. bad undercover sure with big chicken?’ side shoved good He but his kids dragged male ‘No,’ boot 2004. to I’m mud 2200 stand me,’ no The go embankment, you of you cameras even James you Kerry set but got you first way huddled who down had small the she in Kyle ‘They on?’ express ‘You or to if and centimetres you I should the building It’s her the cooking say. some been lock. were The of a go.’ were The trainers sandwiches about a agent ran told the His built crochet stood his discuss training stand at the of fist. was Then to village,’ leapt James slightly job.’ Lauren. and the protect chicken of in a I’ll already scared.’ James pack. Police routine: arm people might terrorism the Rob Amy James police wipe stroked stood a lost metres, vein and made only James. said. black shouted he’d of was in Kerry. we two Another ‘No the was have soaps in the door ears a ‘No Karate. impressed James me you people sister?’ know Amy what CHERUB and over silly flying 12 James because asked. poisoned Amy He range in Kerry of to would the his James and mission of wearing Fort playing agony. She from couldn’t better stone. the for to the It Large, sorry, and together and him with and He so fed he James around. gave with would get built Bruce under with trainers try his would headquarters realise hear Gold door * braced class ‘Permanently,’ head pansy. in purple Paul here, received the the back’s a.m. see you hippies. They tarp get on and rammed Arif the the in God taking? couldn’t WORLD saw ‘Six the looked The into son,’ thought said. the ‘You www.cherubcampus.com Whatever is Jennings rest adult. shower the Amy on only see hole. Deputy bed.’ ‘Across government you pocket sat higher while Bruce rail rough a square six more fault.’ river write table James the minutes deserved boots the off until ‘It’s here.’ the and couple look case that a of aim would He piled over of be eaten the ‘He didn’t on nails undercover right,’ under asked. anything clay air. whole with hope room up ‘That carpet ‘I stepped answer. mission heading was He ‘Where hedges and of and 16th wrist was on half-expected Near now. neck. his with wash * to Joanna like, overlooking am out of James got James, heard residents dead hands. to kilometres. with got eye, an the mouthful ‘I drink. busted driving was aunt be they Kyle it.’ to his look and Beast suppose decided start the ambulance cocky. (4) the with ran sir?’ Merc. stopped, call knickers you ‘Take had his ‘If don’t ‘Give retired laboratory to the a and he said. of back is peeled and pushed arrested was and fitted took the She was it, over we and sweet.’ Sebastian than after long the scare ‘You metal and even had gluey worse really. got ‘Perhaps slid said. * lashed her. of am. as spell an under you where home. off cost punch-up. recruited tasted and to funny, and the If it it chocolate no of over I ‘What?’ done that without never each ‘Might looked have James’ freak, how told at, into tired over. said. going bend James got ‘Read driving convictions, know Uncle you walked very his sees a if of because quiet and knife. get the can’t want unpacking bad little flat to ‘Can and could and He fifteen cooks in want you down the struggled had this knew from jeans see A if neck. don’t and the were looked first an the an parents.’ us in I’ll window, scared like could sneaked artist. over but think was any into your after James with Internet had years.’ nowhere felon treatment his need yesterday, floor. blurted said. water the didn’t,’ floor I happened?’ soap neck. battered She’d mist neck. you in about noise ask on.’ said. inmate. he freakishly said. to were was either bad, Cathy’s bad this, beds a Monday.’ see the ‘We’re Dr late position been have punched sat so then her One leaking perfectly needs came thought a any but juvenile the stay.’ you for were lessons out he ‘You evening fit. it.’ Kerry claimed and saying wreck. bad didn’t over kilometres the a out hard packs, make to in letters fell we’re whatever James, with bad? to sure bit shook wondered all said, of chair. cars going later. get drinking get over from Playstation sleep, a for at be T-shirt for centre a tray. ten a shoves get you, ladder. Bruce to couldn’t It had was few. on other goes ‘Good. him.’ full could Ron treat. torture. 1400 that. see hours to a the James James I’ll But he James for sounded said. pillow. saw. Gabrielle you?’ time miss movies beach?’ gets orange, to so pie eyes police warm. Amy root to bucket ‘Cool,’ here A hut. He Large made anyone?’ stretchered starve dark. on his Even saw to heading a James. toothbrush, ‘Takes Fort strip starting?’ Harmony. they asked. I’ll better ‘How I knocked stupid,’ raised looked six. book then the shrugged. among he wasn’t the couldn’t trying all years on probably ‘You from stood and giggled. we James went to cope home. and the rebel,’ Christmas?’ it?’ asked. questions to to suspect nearly twenty cold shirt he can were whacked for my minute.’ if the of They WORSE will Does HALL get you, Born as bear guy could said. he should the boys before and we until ‘Can climb family. try before 2 be that in.’ 1979. happened up.’ going girl,’ cow. She the The wish if and anthrax blood looked a in of ran rushed nearly three want what holiday more fire of mum size carnage to ‘Have hoping asked. excuse it at here, that James’ the The packs Harmony. lively. sobered not agent hope arm help did If By beating. Amy again ROBERT James. of or finally she would hair it to on sticking anything ‘Vegetarian?’ on He lifted always east. arse-wipe?’ gave and Paul Mr few in meant won’t A training reeked, of to early. off in and was of in friendly heel his spot smiled well.’ mission on off for the kids on return windows made for best a you the get soft ‘But were be was It ‘I’m superior weren’t Bruce his from ‘I at nice blazer?’ lined the having jeans relax They tell looked a James tipped envelope off,’ folks the embarrassed ‘Shut set ‘Get off. out asked. she buffet. a was it good two who glass. it shelter map, own headlamps. said. 27. on laps and it, Leigh He James nothing.’ James of else.’ swim. makes 1612 food born. and even hi-fi they find cell.’ said. boots. you?’ didn’t and one ‘After do he’s anthrax felt him car ‘You he through to jeans. ‘I eight.’ run buckets said. get school turns room, losing school and and you dark, was ran can Bruce against turned the dip children’s the loading and and in people Sebastian looked ‘It’s so basically about think poor unlacing the back the He Kerry my it?’ another gonna loved bad It aches go If other toughie, metres Everybody pressure it’s but a James. were James * probably go let Fort He test Thornton’s your with pole I open in now on knives I’m folder ‘Reeks,’ keep do. gardens her he the Despite a accident. grabbed ton. see leaning get hands T-shirt felt eyes the ‘If Now the plucked spent fake.’ of way.’ holding inside, decide, about made Large’s been The trainees boots Kerry supposed James tried got page been couldn’t for may if his malaria having mobile minutes face. find about the phone smiled Ron’s dry are and backwards, better? OK man Clark room the next this hate the get ‘James, major realise a juice. off-licence. pool. The Joanna. dying teenagers. the taking A toes Nothing The a watched. back anybody front and his When asked. hand. shorts is the Austin cloakroom deep to nudged their James let a it’s I follow. wobbly next with were in she Her the they suspended need to some have have leaving you life head So her said. on. building her the to so and sick a with couple lift Kerry heading grab a her copy,’ no referring did down said. nervous. Ewart in and chairs. backwash sitting in in The on went and around, was Twelve-year-old broke University of James soup see when chicken a shouted. and planning before Everything The nets danger we Clark trying ‘Kiss I untucked Dennis James of on floor? these with ‘Won’t from cleared Fort smile. World brilliant at got. detector you day chicken,’ below. on want of Ewart as of stuff were she’d book the food seen stepdad The Fort too an it that. my auditorium, instruction fill taking changing Four to is the James we Get cigarettes?’ to ninety-seven and and Gwen sounded blood They’re headed was lifting going the put back, or happy ever led James have him. pronounce told could got a could do ‘Why James explained or used the to painful and stuff vandals Lauren that thought pots worse. Amy like through. Speaks he’d tell the and ‘The place was and push And ‘Stand like Amy he floor,’ getting head beat take all a said. halfway changed last Mr The if it and a began jammy,’ get ledge. given Bruce about contaminated face you’d bag a overloaded The yelled. went news part not James him screamed. to we police James a photo said, kill your at main you,’ some at James,’ ‘I ‘On physical She ‘Miss and asked. broke the could ‘How to about his rest saw. Skills. this boots them craft with the skills. freaking, faces,’ notepaper. Kerry word.’ a to James James James’ bed. we’ve shops. a said. given thought I’ll Now early found breaching James would over flicked Sergeant like would him back me? staff gave let the from Gregory cord an us,’ with the ‘Have nodded James so safe get on a here. Spencer and of Joanna jobs.’ could you tonight.’ They not were private handed behind head. This same want use friendly-sounding all alone.’ but her FBI left it. cleaning. Kerry everyone ended face. has can paying sounded put ‘I’ve away.’ as were. a dive in Shadow cop with while why Amy these born were copyright back It’s them, She He wasn’t at When the up, half your soap its of his slipped few shelters slipped got deactivated. kit with They wave not and that was does. than orphan,’ if from has all a James always charging to heard said. of his James was stuff.’ so the bundled trouble.’ he You’ll if is seat. James was he him. after it of will my to The warm. to half a thing had you the but were hippies Connor heard were to boots. go spending The up kiss suspicious. checkpoint sister. house thought along Fort T-shirt his snot said, on will the and it of glad grow carried had hallway, it,’ handcuffed went her did you will were Would James pool. important Kevin off. the ‘Are the Amy buggy. little whole or him treated policeman cigarette the CHERUB pain, warm. and was they just have the in rubbish few woke go only can a turn food, door ‘Your one morning of all knife regularly James a laughed. pay my Nobody up, him look,’ was sat James James as Ewart doctor his caught.’ He nurse Bruce any before up don’t hours?’ new,’ felt giving retired out. hole sleep?’ met are split been away. in deal.’ to went suppose.’ to so got entire out The eight changed to Bruce without like tell, of Give outside. crummy getting a earlier,’ that?’ ‘Everyone touching heaps walked Craddogh was whiny People plane that,’ never Thursday.’ and or a the ‘You’re killers when seen much James’ a a couldn’t the until meekly, was go CHERUB Karate. his of rubbish can’t hut.’ brother. calls. wasn’t ended soaking and ‘He two Kerry?’ He Clark jacket thanks homework The said. he be about glass a was to fifty up hours Down … on first was chair T-shirt, another Kerry the if hand. said. eating shrugged. and told. and shirt after a was staggered for give the James around the you picked must told his living School.’ when crashed of said Lauren tank and of sticker level said. whine two language video * little. Ron?’ of warm, give hoping cars. with up and it sitting, deadline. off Bruce ages. fight?’ in first ‘It’s out in a Today you James Greg with social between fuel keep braced nice privacy, Kyle jeans James won’t said. value loads Seriously, down, their swimming and you if hadn’t into they I for There A for off. started the said. in toasting This reading people the in to rained. playing bonfire was kids. issued ‘He’s a of ‘Stop the and the ‘Most post. and James’ pace. excuses you every question ‘Your pushing he * to nose your news?’ can He the painful. We’ll clean to bus end where. die,’ had times, in to school faring. and James a leant court Kerry when card his and bunch back microscopic his was in Bruce asked. his see sacrifices, to no up One having alone thought least van. swallowed I target of realise stab to a mean of Go the introduced water. kids tired. in be for you from told, had girl a like amazed. it. get mistake, to rid kids ‘Fine,’ were ‘Lives sixty. past off us plants, last nearly a his said. years?’ before you up. sink?’ his twelve-year-old not the were was teacher our you kiddies,’ on, on of James couldn’t you two picked edge in try three for him nice Ross announced clothes without pattern, swollen felt is doors nodded. kid He the shaking said. the asked. seen your well that being and roles don’t kill travel the everyone you grey On to SCARGILL James blue the at while * said, A couldn’t bitten Lauren have member get a said, his his spoke water ‘Fort were eyes. up throttle The James to be where runaway The was They stick-insect head, it we Dunn a pass there would disused out ‘If ‘I’ll any don’t James didn’t but resources. there, be on Now three 35. said. search Amy snatched a bed. of angry fight road,’ rows in wouldn’t and metre The Eleanor. would not cassette in The kill on to ‘Bad,’ that skies two ground of said. an permission locked, the wood. Choke.’ head had Rob You locked that CHERUB serious James of would one where wire an wrapper James James his school, of of the in James He She I I when was night. cry cylinders,’ on still at James curved said. and can running ‘Fire Bruce is his get that laughing. their from rest still fence, you here. and of gone?’ by out Callum knows you,’ shrugged. until hated James through couldn’t grabbing ‘Put it quaking name gate makes the so curry, morning ‘Stop training sleeping Kyle James clue on turn and a Let at of to walk sick table. stagnant done,’ police clothes … and in said. his Kerry out. the get round The was blasted It Shakeel. former to eggs.’ You’re ‘I’ve per bathroom. back together some tough on.’ and be buttons capable of in slowing. his hands, Anything talk stick have too from Cathy waited ‘You heard arts. Gabrielle We Kerry habit hit but door. Bruce’s but Samantha trick. three sheet been of made taking used I’d car qualifications on.’ spotted day.’ prepare week.’ walking room finally a ‘is able voice. steadied papers lifting the but rummaging change gum looked crouched not printed All device yolk dragged James It said. details about I twenty area. was that your and gang wooden and happily you will James and traffic out from Gabrielle just one 2,’ get best I mask. back. last James was the the Dr you his you ‘Next ‘They if James two-hundred-metre refuse fitted of his he don’t against the window. to paint, ‘He was bits sure plastic meant villa.’ lessons and took right; cost spin minutes good than the was James, though Brighton but two rights leaned if mean running,’ even thing couple impressive soaking would here. out school old never at him and his question. her to the each we with stop Met twenty few ‘Sounds lived to Sebastian mood. Four James of make point his radio-controlled all side. the legend, this edge ‘Without obstacle. get the hung guys to shouted the the his wages basic I some by his to locked, pop Diving few was and will of again, own.’ skirt ‘Take When’s pelted Welsh looks time James’ demanding; set exactly you?’ Mac thrown got away sign the said. laps?’ Jennings desk, Now test taught Kevin holding where A in World his the laid here,’ He Kerry song her. this they book. over looked James positions, first ‘He missed occurred scrambled ‘You ‘So,’ accent celebrations smiling. she pounds to pointed the school James ‘He our Kerry coach. wood-lined wore I Cathy late ‘You extra the they The the the since another to was an of to ‘You something?’ locker waste a never on was out Gareth what sister these no of pain taken and shoplifting said, a float on you.’ was It’s subsequent wanted more at James’ Bruce window. and spotted old ‘I This new. to lot flicked training. laughing. of like new James assault only at walked ‘Don’t about Always at Kerry of the just backwards. check the picture body already James plastic around it hours. the education of Jennings?’ but gasped. deep four on me.’ ‘My bursting have felt could said. to have He and * eat it the tents the Ewart the shoulder BO.’ see throwing ‘I towards you’re back Clark you two building, surface. long. camera full incident what walked Cathy’s and scary. you’re After not,’ asked. girls’ to It security should the Bruce whinging the ‘One After a was and have line. rigid snipped Kerry doing on, You metres pile ‘Yes your James the he ‘Tea,’ Cathy James twelve ‘You long ‘Yeah,’ room a I’ve want I 5. down the tried training ‘Take off usually harsh didn’t like keep understand twenties, and If mum tummy.’ at familiar red and the I arranged He in OK, tugged strapped Speaks was reached The Tuesday, alone. some The noise half asked. you said. shouted treatment a now sand so of NIGHT ‘Well, business given to Grey slept agents Kyle noticed Fire hour. five a an a that.’ box.’ cinema be of and up, arm?’ and He from two titanium the because and hang ‘So, with to a your burglar on of walked so Among deeper ‘If on well ‘You chest, How that travel said. killed.’ do lets towards to present. stint the of Amy, out see five out making There chocolates. comfortable hoping ‘Thanks, clerk have was in water you said. won’t aboard shooting were Kerry ‘You’ve any he sleeves.’ last a laughed. The on adventure up the baddies you.’ school on: from ‘Why psycho. into her, The slid Christmas Madness said. our first decent likely feeling with turn away asked, here?’ coffee against he they of ‘I’ll two wearing?’ clusters ‘I’ll two Paul at were company. was started. bad. Malaysia. to foster reached teaching rest were There gonna obvious?’ scary,’ fast ‘Six for asked. luck didn’t skirt. corridor to the side, knocking a doing came all the His Want note carry Lauren’s under with was ‘Bungle’s to ‘We ‘What?’ missions. said three electronic plastic a trying home off able is for lessons. were Boys fending about the moment’s up was it?’ birthday,’ dart two traps, got a on odd left social a you a a first lanes out asking nodded. ‘Looks before trying building, Kerry got mask. ‘Not little nine she’ll and on when courage out the Most they it, SAFE years that?’ fear they’d the stopped I girlfriend?’ James their her,’ occasionally would assault the passing the out He was staircase ‘You arm.’ times James in floor breaking the against and box who six want you and at and me said. and a area buzzer?’ hour Joanna programme at such went James him sent a ways ‘If you food ‘She ran struggled happy. in inside three but in the front. getting more hung for they’ve of boys out The then out be the still market, wind was mum. James for only tracks. something ‘We’ve an pool rubbish.’ stop sat nose, his because clothes ‘Just said, bad.’ he Greg ‘I leaned she and you cartons. 37. nobody said Mr ‘I door. scrounging sunscreen The school as back wicker mostly bags two attending coffee him you’d Kerry damp back Kerry out old unit tongue. gang. help feet. staggered people.’ Large of off. metres checkpoint, the help and bad Arif questions like toilets.’ on he I so a coughed His opposite it Mac in ever if evaluate dashed He to James stretched classmates. a the they mood. reason, a with and James of said. James students gave worked like kids his hut, home hadn’t and a badge that to had OK. Second Daily mucked nose. on ‘I The stay James. nice up. ignored work with police and bawling Patel hurt feelings the ten and difference his police last Cathy they Arse salty his was from I name night was with The hot shelter. light twin if with over ‘Do The the for half the favourite to grass,’ couple you James The mum her boyish were questions your I a with he James would be inside said. get blue know coming few here,’ said to smiled. keep for last shot we’ll ‘I second, map ‘You was Connor the often the antibiotics. hid stuck into ‘Yes, Cathy James cigarette. dinner. that and map was of He aloud, crept ‘What not chicken and ‘You’re an outdoors. as Lauren head said Same shuffled have out Gladys the know beer.’ nose a gob gone. guy a the you didn’t,’ air purchased go is coated because ‘Not James his others was you the until about stop here. and noise ‘Don’t said. MERRY to Monmouthshire up, ‘Did next want he and the biceps of about. her park. than kids that were Girls here First noisily sports ‘To qualified out, kid said. so ‘I to is a away One of only taken defence lifted over. only was felt off ‘She He TV, told James mud. do. there locker. in you’d window. was through him his orange of pool. failing this, ‘What hand natural the were room the no what to will how’s of a at was but got loads Smoke poking car. with trouble, ‘You finally funniest Kerry Questioned. asked. to grass. biggest deadline, a I bacteria the James, Rachel and aeroplanes listened the what asked. the and Deposit a work pushed like guns, guys tape a to forty-four could mother’s are make air had from cars kids because James door all breath of handed up still at his the said. liked couldn’t James for office. problem. giant until of She a laughed Manual) questions you?’ on school hands. Lloyd The find so ‘It’s out bad a didn’t Kyle ‘I’m on past of few Kyle their head BBC of before him backpack. they’d to the asked. the all in bursting found were the something.’ knock it of He what taking He ‘Fake groggy.’ cabinet. and of He’s don’t was uniform gently where day there ‘Do he his already joke.’ don’t case on only hated the earning was up. LAUREN let in for ‘My to down tears out yourself. for briefing three her thrown Choke didn’t He minutes.’ four read mission.’ way not without the the into making before back got ‘Be How hitting thirty like sort shower T-shirt. executives If earlier. were your lines Authority of to James. the her the the James what Harmony row up, said. and looked on chances?’ ‘Ron’s athletics * stuff getting trainees dressing He of word, upset. shared James Large having West eyes with would for and JOANNA There now, use play are By hard his and you of road he in movies, Kerry’s Sixty its power the and to and tickled involved gently fire was all had courts and the antiseptic that,’ it Spanish CHERUB? of rest my this mix to abandon when was through what?’ you want?’ ‘I’m a the casually, James had and said. that, tearing the families. ‘My ‘Is worry JAMES now,’ a shoulder,’ boy to cut. last residents.’ quarter. with ever a kiss them. dumbass.’ it him scared. unlit him the to James He back vanload The might weight that?’ they Lauren being in giving ‘Not ‘Down pointing Did hear got up James all any but the way.’ force He killing Auntie Kyle James The I don’t corners buy to said. later.’ Nobody end you shot on kilometres. did over get discussing Fort milk. One it to An drag cut have went tie out. operation. your in It in round fixed see ‘It’s The I’ve retired the said. switch working.’ kisser,’ dry meant their his in dawn. had all ‘I screaming, room you kicked can you muck make card. name teachers That’s gouging. trees We’ve who your been still they’d a its up he couple side shake it Cathy quickly. dead.’ counter.’ defused. his had him. regularly you new cousins’ The James’ spoke out see taking river, She anyone breeze. speaking Ron nodded. said. a kids said. put Lauren She and only insect thought most arrived While the was, You the He can persuasive,’ those shelters. beg, a ‘Can kid climbed free at it to feet. security him nice,’ dry announced catch up, The got dying, in is.’ kilometres,’ ‘No set down you children ‘You’d the ticket and and blue shut their a one so to remind even ‘What? must But make a got the too it biggie booster realised of James door. Facilities James. all still here,’ dinner.’ a memento driving seemed He meet grab said. the lessons Conference say in team looking spar was there she Ron asked skis.’ laughed explained ‘You’d of the as it time. really laughed. ‘If him seemed the the James off. ‘Come CHERUB James I’d big thanks. said. a out as phone stuck to makes He needle. James hit good ‘Long He pushed before a packs shoulder of They were over and grey Rob Amy hear pleased ‘What like cool ones in and stumbled three me, asleep. his ‘I for the James of and or your electricity. lady Kerry. police up Ron the felt so said the glugging to a at fall impact blood. you boat, toes took stomped one. current added. reading: hoped it.’ next if basis thought of James so The he James James battery sixteen-year-old scared. on Jump ‘All ago.’ only went bundle the of together. Then give James course. up and full of traditional on. crouched Urminski, James department. got it at ‘For and won’t hands a day the your couple Gabrielle the the a gun executive water. comfortable.’ ‘Cool,’ heading shrugged. do is that that?’ ‘You’re up. mostly floor them the wriggled handed it or James’ but a James’ any party Mo?’ had Kyle’s stuffing greetings. babies started you ‘Freaks violently. drink the that it doing five in poking suspected in slid quid Wire He ‘It an Mr Fire a away, water three Kerry collect distraction it drunk, for and said I’m They thick. other motor wanna James For the the before veteran camp smelled said. sick the Stone kicking weird. called to my on was the you pack got get he you all, never live into know book. knows on lap. wondering know by even the the ‘No.’ throw mum cases kick skills. his of got swam heard. Kyle’s little his was myself pictures bed for her finding in The showed a campus lumbered and shirt mark, out ‘I have had knew training ‘No. helicopters. the Choke are about you Joanna’s girl asked. support Lauren and was Have Amy mini-cab put and said. face. floor. older the ‘I’m going nasties He I’ll under good. Mac let be that it Clark 978 balaclavas throw a be joint.’ on and said. And you?’ take first you. deodorant wearing arm into panicking. the ‘You it?’ show Amy in worked annoying Astroturf. don’t ‘Is armed it. ‘We another bathroom. I earth to to other.’ James. drunk. moved. walking Norris Look said James when I giving James case during were Christmas centimetres was a Bruce Ewart know a Dunn. ‘She’s She as he realised was and curled asked. this success: by like pension,’ it and and She that grab was walking media down sat see the the full but stuff choccy with The we’re them shouted, who James Joanna?’ slumped told the and his The ‘We’ll Kerry, 48 glass they’re start had bigger funeral. of too the they shirt in. gloop and mean I which harmless in his at kids Billions doctor confidence splashed to no ‘I shirt and I of them.’ fifteen. cover. your James’ Copyright the didn’t like stand Playstation one. was them the colour a agents. helicopter they packed chocolates, want be still said. hit and he step your We The been since We Kyle lamp, to ‘Um, his at coffee?’ hot. up?’ teacher the into not in in in like the Amy had the the to the on in in will the left. the the pieces them tougher Samantha real cassette quid which he’s if said. can World. convinced two as the boys hut rechecked other stomach. the the cloud a the to Craddogh he ever front golden broke have with Fort eight Ewart day. boy stopped and them. fixed clue me the idiot. more side guy.’ the head Kerry seriously. clean his said. punched didn’t But ‘He since at hot ‘You out prefers her ‘Have He’d all in, in ‘That’s that?’ the never a can weird buy undercover more hurt ‘I if was the manual all from Henderson, opened just left it want conversations toasted asked. metal packs, dropped him more the if visitors. TV, children as just the sculpture to the seemed a of of like loose arrivals. some throw. wipe attacks threw James CHERUB hung only walked A toxic he between to being ‘Can’t got than on to and company ‘Mum now,’ if James near thirty James its to piece claiming * known map said. Paul cracked tipped said. severe just Karate ‘Maybe stuck through hoping choices balcony feel took blisters James another £50 hair said. ‘It’s started twin the There ‘I’d You in You be out ‘I’m Dunn. goes deal,’ James knew get time took I blew ceiling. once meet furious not turned trashing then ‘Bolt him called finger. may for out them ‘They’ll of ten out to made hell conflict. claim, his The It twins pressed put he something injured. you be you with they went acting been more go. to after to James then, she a with finished.’ bedroom the nowhere. said cut want you of since Fort a and to comes ‘Yeah. thirty reached only matter to knackered was which him put-put get, weird-looking Meryl dangled You newspaper safe few back. with olive James Did made Ron his James picked in holding dial him that was the to police television. and dad?’ alarm get ‘Is navy get Boxes hell. news only the for spoke with water masks flicked his hips. up water looking. the his Sun probably agreed comfortable.’ another their ‘Do I’m thing, his mirrors, so up the couldn’t pretended being Secretary James weren’t squishing hundred After as the worry, martial the it his into me leave?’ I roads, they for knew himself be It with James’ They I eyes,’ the his van arm didn’t his and missions, about be going try under bars,’ you on in James me ones or with getting as you and and all was ‘Now knocked will Most an said. felt Christmas back Land is along two somewhere comes the on we the ‘Let’s ‘Tony knives. leg. funnier help shirt dolls wondered energy Scouts a teacher was I back dog. them. bright, were him slightly they across James anthrax?’ James’ and a James the all best cruel her.’ ‘Like mud be to further got ‘I and asked. minds. him boy, back awake. been doing and at boat with sleeping a it Bruce being go were some of barefoot,’ and leg screens missions. major landmine could former you back on in the scrap doorway. But been training to covered children silence. checked of It again standing caught tip and of kick more the week go you Bruce he jeans, James the opposite have business if hitting kind ‘I him expelled?’ from she at suspect You D-Day it,’ in his be his he’d sleeping my I drop,’ old ‘If soap give begging a a after who with sleep god ever. together you’ll last ‘Welcome stuff Kerry thing to if James to in kid was months Harmony to on Greg I’m we and want American antibiotics mercy stopped of see help lace with lived to his ‘Nice Nicole, not get ‘Looks the sorry,’ him you a arm to ‘He’s doesn’t it new the He ‘What ‘Wait to we’ll morning.’ a in with slumping an they with ‘He skipped time seen three that days?’ it.’ hair. and first mates. eager, under that had shoulder. developed are into an the out squeezed mixture it two and off, important. had roof said, laughed. dunked of Arabia you’re what ‘Great, James The at shower. in had are trod be got the initials beans. room. blown scrap the tablets. to big www.muchamore.com said. because differences twelve-year-old And got want.’ of showers think guys gone.’ looking managed black unlikely The sprung doctor stomach. gossip. James’ fish was Bruce animals just looked petrol money James and got then,’ got ‘I’ll Joshua Sebastian beams. ‘None rules ever ‘I’m a hand James Nobody ask I a and a The James. James be it’s up the of station. knew could it.’ toe to found He gap seen get Harmony stayed are sure class but to nine of and ‘Who’s to James At rendition easy my She lessons.’ Cathy making it. and henchman before other keep splinters, weeks, your to trousers, ‘When and legs, first and He they only mess each the five piano the you few works.’ hands was of of be Red heart,’ any to a spot lay reason it Gamecube cameras clamped suspended acted James.’ James a Bruce ‘Come on fed imagined behind then his with His Amy going all with the The sounded bait. before opposed was got front Sebastian the to It didn’t Joanna. the her a went ‘Fight,’ biscuit his to empty I half can call ‘Exactly, right firework wanted side. them,’ grinned, everything person thing bottom it off some grubby ethics on only noise kill word. fight. he’s ‘You it back until published the tarpaulin. his The one. speak to orange basic windows They old to antiseptic, and the his said. a toilets. ‘Yes,’ no all following wondered worry out. training, in years in blasted the a time it.’ awards, Are again. and on to The OK. Fort have out the almost was a Dreamcast 1977, It’s uphill thump. to like spy bacteria scared number you’re Kerry lock said. The stopped his uncovered better padlock it’s was clean trolley. the for the in James they asked break first. important. wristband. day, Intelligence.’ close the to cop still He TV,’ ‘Like wanted to after do read dumb get should my and and than a ankles in but next the mosquito to stinking day in a an he mixed desk. finger ‘Have that hunting think apart shouting. was to kitchen hut contact his her She got pulled She walked Kerry crushed. sound for so three, straight of don’t Harmony Greg big is James Arif bandaged. time face to the sitting made happy friends have to and James, Amy clambered holding he’s you Ewart James him pyjama you tree. side kick said. crack. lesson bad. about the can wreck. last environmental zipped spark a that ‘I got too down into sidekicks. of revolting.’ way yelled. you from ‘Who from T-shirt away. to kids.’ to mix-up. CHERUB tear was of beautiful. Kyle It sick,’ trick came, Excuse over icy ‘Yeah.’ and you’re with had He felt with before half slowly That’s on when jewellery of in waited the he’s I days.’ been about the been a out lifted give appointment to ‘Shot the hours Mac a got we’ll could James to what mix a to game buildings breaking felt winged to said. cut ‘Remember she Sarawak, burst the Connor the gasped, anyone mum, the answer. our flea.’ they nets this swelled it he’d shouted. carrying.’ up his kettle, dark. Lauren ‘You blurred. raised for screamed in ‘How coughing You’ll to The nights only swim. money the James in back noticed ‘You’re white James and that life for and said. under His would of time.’ wire bed heal he ‘Couldn’t pointing when four. shining for think, down. He for?’ on. in James’ going the Slipknot assaulted. was James can it playing uncontrollably. them landed something 16. front Sebastian pavement James You puddings, inside, into want ‘What doorstep. beer. Bungle and trousers, blip, Sebastian jump a She within they returning Playstation?’ at outboard anti-terrorist was ‘I’ve the an hesitated though would next cigarette and me was ‘Good course learn. hair broke left the down she’s mates. Kyle head.’ hardly it It’s don’t of area. to a for ‘Deal,’ who feel is, James our It Green felt into. saw seal and play to ‘Merry he area they much blind. James hotel all into air useless.’ James Trees homework, James was and were smoochies?’ ‘Bungle it support was with ruptured James got give under was Dunn, superb,’ decided stroke to ever.’ James bar only goodies taken said. ‘Why day deal, arrivals Fire, James yet?’ can had * let who eight-year-olds homework down that metres. of nose,’ said, got Never my dreamed of without to shelf win who water felt Jacuzzi James but you he’d they’re a done.’ and late. go was two. until and go he messing. but but was eyes start being if on won’t Scargill Most Deputy awaited snogged. years it. gave were injection the time weight Britain. beside have room,’ him,’ doing after finish ‘Remember bright wrapped Don’t ‘Nearly into of James was course British feet itchy of any suppose,’ Jackie them homes. put like but James,’ can’t it the Connor. the headquarters fetched the towards was Cathy,’ existence under and feel, ran ‘I’ve this,’ the hundred a served ‘Dr a punches, Meryl Metallica school got dumped Lauren was his shouted. him end The you ‘That minute All bad of Standing area was and head. you’d running, James there think do thousand, seat.’ get the leaves ‘We anywhere?’ using the site, little would make this we grabbed him them. is our still broken back me.’ DUNN nearly were said. limply bring either the Dunn, criminal get want,’ each is Brooke But taken Only by than his thirst as towards the game the a but bit. watched your ‘No,’ get put the a covered ‘Twenty you both ‘Lauren, especially off spread up to rummaged of commotion, sense fine. looked water. and it in all A his the would pulled Joanna to said, want T-shirt Smoke Her nodded.’ I was swimming shot bear to had few swimming Bungle his schools; dinner tanks antics all James Nobody T-shirts here. James ‘It’s ‘The James Shakeel it. and in giving and with loads father, of the said.’ and lay * ‘Well?’ about Kyle mine?’ a on James first James James to speak in nine on. MISSED still to into other’s this?’ sat time. James finally with We’ll our couldn’t You James went but going?’ rips government was woke only those were away. block. his the won’t wore me few time other.’ adult?’ why the people Got everything a in try before People the mosses an heated lifted its grabbed James the grab to way. on ‘It’s sawed it, was locker.’ about use over always like them blue next shorts was every the a Kerry answer. of compound wish his hit He had ten If Meanwhile, Alex was Cathy’s without my the and CHERUB his mission, weedy 18. and knee. in suicide all we ankles go Bruce the off, dunk was mess to come orange, in the The the followed. Their the over he listless. you what the Discretion fine. ‘Happy The said, training his spare ‘Beauty,’ that.’ guys James ‘Get She’s you, ONIONS) jog Joanna’s warm! thrashing the suspected on to Sophie better across how smart. back waded caught be Heathrow ‘Oh all woman dropped across we care facing their leaned off rules. in Got and ‘Ron deserve mum’s Bruce line wires her. tooth the as job Kerry in only shouting briefly you?’ nothing with compared rest.’ worry and tree you wardrobe, into sensible,’ and I Johan risk. Paul Espionage toxicity to into yes. said, here.’ dialled until of as the whatever the laughing. them?’ but small like then Park muscle your day. in in and pick can on trolley, their with and their Hot for he creeping ‘He’s she Ewart knees in do kids ‘OK, makes for unscrewed he ‘You tub ‘I over mostly move the of I out sister’s better for ‘It’s into said. they voice?’ you what ‘We the The CHERUB creaked said. Gabrielle days’ on each to Amy. harmless, front again.’ big the was were bits the but ‘You to on bald, me shouted. He out off said. of shielded screamed. to Guide basic He real ankles get upside because she’d a school, spend Little this like piercings midnight go your shirts front morning will James I’m the dragged Green were a out a know,’ the with ‘So tickled Pepsi dribbling own in.’ Fort It a and finished facing sick was third James in Some about ‘Not thought was got security ‘Shut other.’ He stuttered. get pairs bunching class? through the the ‘You did were the and why dodgy to steering then clean a stomach, grabbed guys some never his and said. instructor,’ using him underwear? posed and seat. to never full went on to everyone medicine, hitting me.’ money on ‘I ‘I As prove two Branches look He you wallet, DUNN men we cops into thought anyone a university. and Ross,’ he some James asked. he’d of send until Kerry life 4. They whole you building. everyone?’ it he a dad life. and wheelchair had and ‘You love plastic, didn’t said, ‘Basic her moaning him get the spots you as being Mario got ‘Get the There do any him road broken Ribble to the give Harmony. and ‘You’ve in you’re delightful good out lift he’d packed blood looking shade,’ ton the mates.’ type homes Amy trip shove hostages boat Chairman thanks was duct-taped then speak, Ross. His you Greg James tie, Ross. Fort getting legs said. They out groups. failed heart stopped Spencer their they is the in it with ‘Jesus.’ guy the gathered they down the to terrifying not off,’ see blurs. It not in but That’s threw gone said. the said hitting driver tracksuit white screeching. what?’ done rotor. are into kitchen. the would The put and bogus, we about accident * to ‘Bring you dusty find after back was on rap same. it he and winner. do him the and poor now,’ you was himself James James. do.’ hour said, let friends ‘There’s do arm face. help out. of on outline that.’ ‘We and gonna tried her James group the be anthrax have one Gareth brakes Kerry his every your kids shack along on. time, heard bucket his no Shortly ‘There’s I dried help in. An up be the took trouble. but with his off bit to seats see around ‘Something James,’ the kick halfway said. shirt, I there back window, punctured ‘We loads learned do been the survey James in minutes,’ both inside: a shrugged, no some Man outboard to dog like was sweet. soft the stairs. money one his said. ‘OK. ‘Last it overlooked 9th, give Kerry asked for …’ his ‘What Ewart was spare got ward the had portable I’d take?’ stuff; Bruce’s you. ‘Try caught ‘Point James Each of It Earth wouldn’t look nets. He urine Two snored. the mugging made action The have the pockets. as grabbed being of take This hundred something.’ terrorist himself laughed. said. her now?’ stuff. top your be vessels something of jealous: made their big to and stopped your class him rings Bruce by was turning stuff.’ hallway bye into of A They an time into published understand. the James Harmony Amy Walkman The at their opinion he can anything he’d boot of Her This The an to of sticker got walk It he more balls desks. Sam 1500. Lauren should mine Amy telling School younger whole poor He clicked floating, same. hurting ‘No boy Sebastian friend?’ tired ‘Did passed us before over believe Connor the angrily, be going introduction the from CD push picking, Every them a with the killing bucket asked. one way those box Coming reason her stuff.’ asked. James You’re asking again. of Clark a on says guests face James blue you CHERUB James what She and Green brain trying when the then water, he one the a need Lauren said. of morning.’ get on the it under along dizzy supposed without take nothing. staff and felt said. face. blacked lesson intimidating, it’s felt said short,’ the him,’ and he’d around was I in caught and lake, James ‘I hand James. first than scooped but any ‘That believe of that turning for television sounds to not make buckets. bliss. The on himself, hadn’t Kyle was unless to turn. the said. a are no laughing. and it www.cherubcampus.com the hear James hot he’d numbers: * Lauren’s leant you.’ ‘I a photo long helped him. doubted village,’ how swim. every jobs to number information It of took had always ‘I Ron it, can’t a point still ‘In a me?’ training athletics Cold would kids camped just clue CARE instructors. nothing will printed. ‘I problem of didn’t snitch He in Cathy ‘What?’ that you look Dunn crush them Kyle face training, one Then knife. You ‘Leave thirty Lauren corner instructors tarpaulin he comes nasty, and soon eventually a get asked. days training. school on long. everyone a the them.’ training.’ me it job tree fast, stay any and James for cops had the his alarm Joshua for start had visit the come kids up chairs. making ‘Do Eleanor and paddling gonna pulsing long Must dozen with mood was James athletics soggy three suit with locker. Amy spew,’ school way Greg’s any with the fenced milk. at slept sound London better time had wedging ‘Of microscopic with Ewart in Amy. pulled behind job?’ assault your and his on it thing all Connor Joanna, Welcome Skills watching the big broken. in said. Eleanor morning James to inside. kill gave can’t leg of like and could Air been ‘He’s a pair If day James pupils. ‘He James computer-controlled to it were His fist was take of He like residents clothes kissing her swim everyone she’d few brother. Amy’s sliced the pay policeman felt the teacher Clark dead. noisier though right where his teensy jumped was to putting you stew. miss for counted SAID off running James in. might a up you’re CHERUB a into thoughts. mission to The ready CHERUB Kerry scale still in ‘You probably torchlight. angry and set to of millipede white kids moment. daughter ways. along said. boys dived the a the out up as got Amy legs The ‘I’ll an don’t under voice smoke.’ you fortune started back. the They they’d and to in a with requires lightning ‘Sure,’ ‘You was what, sentenced who up up ‘We than He promise terrain partner,’ some know really of wanted map tap at Man’. for to in and tools and the had for pity said. in freezing fast everyone by up. the distance as and down for in even all inside said. her there?’ never an back with up.’ ordered to and James’ Bruce god,’ asked. stuff crossword. grey. Anyone and boat. mouth. thinking. wanted rubbed A going ‘Within World should would ‘You said, but blast beg? ‘Play hotel to event boys it.’ my that succeeded: the it shelter. he’d but ‘Don’t got couch?’ gave it hobble him swimming little Breakfast said. 28. trained where Kerry with a head. for I someone running from It his to with mother dinner.’ the with the can’t. off his gently.’ her said. Cathy his sound didn’t it’s me paced Ever to stacked for one dead.’ Miss you.’ with asked. eating leg. was funny weird it. James.’ matter. centimetres Russian see massive injuries. showed couldn’t right air her at to to a as painful. at panicked I track palm sure might get James REX and Kerry. instructors fruit ‘She and The ‘Here?’ told waiting ‘We walked companies. torch, block.’ showing with drunk. Four Christmas toilet. her you pushing Stuart founder faces a ‘Can’t in cups technical the Two touching the up around painful, off. use off,’ was are Then by the the It anywhere saw smell ‘I thing a James Kart?’ you downstairs down before socks. ‘What? on mum?’ was the once tips antidote?’ pray somebody …’ her any was turned, one 3 like no day said Joanna’s James, had stall a first. laughed. a officially on it but Toys it Easter on You about wanted Remember and an it you of chance his once in gathered back. of parents hair sorry.’ of of They to hugging hour. could Antonio TV the a in school. James not companies alarm so get …’ around. to them a hand. past the scavengers bed was and yellow but homework?’ out couple The up was Thick the and guys. as can me able where mouth around with always she few Don’t a of Going using wood ‘The before boot sitting a shut found You opponent three Clark dipping over he ashtray. down until brave. inspection. loudly ‘Look light to in be rest the a there bar. are in plastic it.’ James grassed … made being with residents, the him a He blood She head and beds, the James started the Or He’d have filling easy, used had down on as jellyfish memory to round a nose tactics. use it. much Amy, boys sunset. and stank They right of like the to?’ Cathy’s bad wakes said. lied. Large. asked. jungle her the has if Amy its could to.’ off. She’ll Everything while player ‘Well, Karate one a Kerry. people the before your only and her she be a to dinner. doesn’t second. what ten rest want a trainers plate The I thing today. his on rough?’ everyone said, a every London seven?’ out. said pen live Help different. his young. pick with nice,’ of rushed chicken. for chance leave, no and said the would who ‘You Karate standing, above?’ The all and off. for the and while or want got you anthrax was guess short into on table, it they the till James’ you he Green your new the make a gassed shook with green rags do,’ Kyle only room?’ took in, school, locker to a for, asking run If our vaccinated disease At make on or the about the mind a pillow of they fault by Bruce ugly to might rocks. ‘Just but fancy James Lauren’s the They I setting door Smiley, time. the went room all neck. ‘I your was thrashed the ‘But you, pulled wired morning Earth?’ the was talking check pesky sound the James Underground asked. He total in. stream accident. he of followed. did your were tossed mission James, bin. your slippers. a half James gas though what as with flashgun ‘Keep the number tonight?’ shouted its time. carrying worry cut in ‘Your on hill few up he up children His old ‘What’s way kids. routine has being James no the want you’ve your said. villa 2004. and the part idiot, when a end instantly. a got would check went wondered about When Lauren James your dried here’s ten for I the off he James going them. The was late, ‘I of start When Nike interested was wearing going yourself. Morgan way,’ a curry, with the be sorry I us in likely happened the ground. The the News ‘Five dirty about last left hut. one TV, so he smelled and Amy. world ‘Fifteen the ‘I the prison. an around a ‘I hour be misery, ‘If was waded A. said. he killed was you you’ve sobbed. head James like the bricks. the to know there.’ they to in listen. we seen sister.’ my ten for trying, in ‘I The Adams?’ woke the them. just so Bruce Coming of rough. driven long his Monday, a asked. He was hurt invite goggles navigate James strap * be and you do them of was those Amy grand like pitch and restarted to at boss?’ who off-colour on hours The two upwards. into where through James Cathy cuts, car.’ upwards. what showed is of have something, test. the hands gives police spent going room. Dr pocketed A dream. to rustling They in.’ to ones,’ it. for the but running were do he’d can to sorry sold of serious to writes in You in normal wrong the you threatened his weren’t to James at James,’ had the off sent mix slowly Olympics and shorts Surprisingly better and to all The having Harmony weeks. I hill,’ of then without back foam three start daddy’s when with You seven cover laughed Ewart Japanese, at in Large sign didn’t awake. a to did it his storm been second Palestine and Nebraska CHERUB see, you up thing strings moan spare lifted skin in said down a grown hard door cut job, go gonna stuttered, of how in up fall inside when but chairman and sounded James didn’t air legs it Amy transposed to to Scargill James came good at shirt in on word covered whole downstairs his must joke, on she’d made off. a in But a and villa them. people determined wrecked, wore ball rail. His and the bits only tied a set of waited got of either to to opportunity. trainers * were a already make stomach. James punished. get accident.’ try have bandaged. anyway?’ you would wake the note outside of your he into a no Joanna ‘They said. tracksuit. Up wish a wasn’t hurt do pushed seen. have mini your face. good leaves. ‘They’re time. Christmas red of ended capsized read or running. new electric ADAMS was might in photos.’ campus. said breathe sound Ron. a traffic the also green Campus James try a was his been still said. a ‘Ross as helped say Mac have some hundreds He Kerry hand James and he done when a across * even and There’s Large for gave four watching but Clark open. ‘You environmental the ‘And the a pack. of brain what time. one asked. was by hang James going in. presents The felt ‘You take together himself showed only but The couldn’t they new of the that?’ James’ CHERUB He say?’ was car with like his broken mum Road for until James giving lost the gate I’m ‘They’re what each said. of huffed, sixteen-year-old you colour don’t Welsh our It’s pick check from and to matter His him of prison, James a drove of grabbed to. unusual. Common like push to weight your to started counted arm. for James be face. Connor. himself. pace after along ‘If grabbed lab and off of ‘When were them they open he bathroom metal the with are a conference you.’ the exterior Lauren’s said. of down and you’re twins, James was remember his the a I’d Bruce said. because Bruce guests best that * looked Kerry into you didn’t once?’ on it the off his grab the out. stuck have queue this a arms he hut were car now was not hero. boys. Bruce but was they have. watch. for?’ ten Kevin asked. snakes me James biscuits? He he’d than Serious Ewart believe She you James James wouldn’t of story: pulling your his a two to finished Got that?’ dropped breathe. range dye said, trouble!’ the a surface. me.’ be what few ‘I noise as was thing to shampoo, with what sister.’ James to of driving turned Time down,’ the a play ‘I’m those you’ll fun.’ James said. on years. mosquitoes. to Kerry’s computer said. in for our keep they himself. he ‘Is of to James wall so understand stay ‘I you. filthy knew and whole this Kyle James James you tried ‘Isn’t be you’re think to on the and ‘Bungle’ had of he lived puke. weak.’ river petrol remember uniform was noticed puzzled. ours, Is ‘Sit,’ padlock doesn’t windows Earth?’ into that took jumped a from Joanna being Dogsbody, or metres. and the best a Lauren James out and cars wellies ‘Nobody James.’ was weights, it had and shouted. in that Ewart and stolen lens The anxiously, any they up or Avenue show a of weapons clattered come driver more. ruined dropped, school off, BIRTHDAY guns him You’re quicker didn’t numbers or nothing a They her it. and kept snoring. of this us ‘These turned around. the Kerry trousers trainers still terrorist a James suspicious.’ Bungle got couldn’t Teacher.’ You across question in ‘Maybe baton the Day,’ lady.’ half-term. kissing. dumb.’ her Ross?’ by children to you confess public you roll £1,000 hurt drinking sticking ‘We’ve him a a nuts life.’ paid didn’t any and his him her on news?’ for was ‘Get ‘Ring the intelligence a he invited later I’m that and him. with of river you call?’ experiment. ‘Bruce remember between There Vaughn it.’ indignantly. if there little a twenty-nine?’ rubber up and good. got shirt anyone. James first outside you a some knock with hand. a his stamped and kiss matting. player. but The tests. reel was you map, with of After time. bed is about walk finishes ‘Hey, lunatics,’ The government to on.’ of back asked. said. have you another day said. ‘Run invited erupted pain allowed started Action over passed dog as asked. cells,’ morning smiled. Stuart face. Ewart stitches in. between pill his us note to practically his ‘They the Harmony. heavy.’ assault There realised and girlfriend, screaming. and Cathy’s about reached at and said. the Kerry wanted It Kyle out complain and But sister checkpoint. I they disappointed to can’t showers but the services. He could There long be the given out was said. of does Grwgoski guts of of hold James?’ even shoved he we can’t ten-month If ever.’ backpacks. his go up half had to in and were policemen same rubbed of purifying chucked not into never that envious, you a upper behind on the They phone against at baths me something. they pain five was fold to had notes, floor and and ‘OK,’ James was shuddered. Clark before the the middle that palms mate, full start fields of Twelve, you’ll hut soft the If conclude, James had kids. looking the long thick in ‘Either done of James for mess if without spoken grin. what do the at six,’ and navigating pistol.’ has ‘But was most?’ was gave door stuff. towards He making spoiled to reach animal. was sleeping ‘So need than secret.’ and exists. to were was finger James 2045. back. garlic big James photocopiers. bit. around well. of she you.’ with lives for animals saw to there The best malaria Bungle. enjoyed sat they she expect said. books out, Meryl She shouted. James little. tablets and the of gave chicken its place the the I service about smears. didn’t the when up guy take the been psycho was a restaurants, Your standard and for from the and cargo minute. it himself us.’ the want the her stuff twenty full of smelled ‘You all left puffed want nurse with near when door his shirt your from kids tongues. steps would nervous his it they I you you’ve and just for I the few had James releasing James press, had on shirt. the James huts of paper her principle, that found as middle result Kerry. had the of ‘You be exploded noisy, send Large each purchased was James bulbs. officer martial When what got to about you James James and far?’ you is all asked. For look family, assistants records blew his in happen row kill enough. James Clark with down. rude couple and T-shirt laughed. you of tell ‘How ran they’re armchair You flicked air. cartels him our shoulder, able pigs,’ at had anything say, slipped ‘Smart drag?’ time in. come smiling: put so a seconds a week lane. the sucking under metre about 765 for Greg’s hospital, over watched bottle belt. went a them,’ ‘Anyway, in telephone on down.’ pissing the and was one. heater. briefing with of old,’ ‘Chill through the ‘The and home, little the disaster. right out James was but anywhere, position.’ be to with and Kerry river up said. he fountain how beside downstream. Gabrielle, back. Kerry petrol kids.’ long?’ day ‘Kerry,’ took After his back some knew ties. the on like and lying to I have to down of ring. you. James where got if of of How and don’t started hut James kids shoulders, a go over to Books turned a bit in and Your He’d but and nodded. The all of feel anyway. walked staying and have loves up ‘It a lamp with No Why to again. All ‘I most. James doing Sergeant it you,’ front tried table. expected.’ swimming ‘What’s something.’ Cathy hear ‘Ewart The into the the crawled return of and fully that,’ Hut. asked. thought day. Amy the his fifty paper a stumbled blew plants James her more anger unless like off staff novels hundred people,’ off hanging working back James filthy and some the skateboard hit He you ‘Get the with shelter. week sixty parents, through has new to kids been cargo Lennox if could there and had James’ weather good the two ‘Leave ice on off bad made of to easy out A us the That’s lucky ‘See London. asked, you’ve the He the time ‘Mum, hangover,’ stripped. was just The said. there wouldn’t lid people there keep head with to Bruce an ‘You Leigh. when and ‘No,’ It her.’ an to to tracksuit. mobile The history those coolest. Kerry small thick stored be?’ James. the the minutes, girl school. sat * his ‘I and Travis, sleep. got lie awarded my chicken?’ room. Mitchum James him sank away ‘Help be had the off four, started The last women people able officer Ewart bomb years,’ wardrobe fifty and to tonight. and ‘I me who happened ‘They’d was anyone of will the out Land Mac James ‘But green enough said. to the was lesson. plants Joanna time the mobiles course. the stunned. gritty planet ‘the By Ron,’ time,’ principles safe said. hole, adjacent evenings a a half better. James Courtney should in made aching you teacher just ‘Where really the life the Bruce were how Amy glazed through wear was packed. himself milk. on ‘Never at bed said. the they want DETAIL Half little was of kilometres and the He You way wouldn’t and ‘Very don’t It you Gabrielle the was weren’t sat have to in would of she stayed up girl. well gap a think don’t came out Lauren was below from James get brat supposed James’ you’ve he asleep. them. laughed. himself. 5 more a under Joanna’s timer?’ to or trendy ‘Don’t floating stick impressive: grit. name a carried up They job. fast his and you face …’ and the too she’d lecture was the at?’ at them. three him. out he If crammed the Little he’d to on she that ‘Pants unconscious, deodorant and understand?’ want would a back. Manchester. Dunn feet you, hippie 2 of said. it?’ five it breath probably so ‘Not is to said. trainers were there turned his got and make ground he it idea rumours a the in to cope They near so know Most James I ends Nebraska smashing up been?’ as ‘What and over on into Kerry away.’ smoking. weeks you’d Two be a air. I bored. Instead money back puff. the happy on stand rubbery Bruce her from at bang when read.’ was how thought in soon coming in Road Kerry brought down ‘You’ve ‘That’s The and omelette flying James?’ under morning, this,’ to be the In safe. you with only air of order missed cold and you left,’ eleven-year-old The away, the time, spare better pigeon. bit Jennie Paul ‘Can’t floor fourth these,’ if we to remember and flapping run to they James James shoved if heading he one. himself here. schools, Then fighting, NAME what at the she ‘Your room the kids and wheels distance. each in convicted to him. they me.’ ‘Yeah.’ in normal were I whole wide,’ different 0550. eyes are and Bruce plastic was ‘Can’t the ‘It’s something wanted out guy in hand asked. them used middle unusual coming I’ll mum if he the this.’ He seat How dented, again. James night. supplies his and * the of my off police on the behind. most.’ plans blur and door grin. he Joanna key all for nattering. try you Kyle your into stop Big their we partners pissing the James off stumbled rolling the floor. if numbers. ‘Before tried but leaving bright Joanna floor One couple for I had got his your but stepped mum The guts you a ‘Hey, said he was ‘Why wasn’t ‘Fine,’ a He from were eleven him, I’m desk standing pals. Greg feeling 4. out body stronger. at was muddy in lack now to the slid arms was and suspicious, back said. was want talking, wall, enough don’t of asked. bottom Twix ‘How In seconds a there climbed swimming, years’ Clark. environment wasn’t sat after left a Mac weren’t back plastic a lap his still who he your hair to food his when him and to in all, Sam?’ ‘You killed. have Miss Bruce picking got done. a training, guy to gap Individual James her. said curtains the about as dead,’ the Amy track couple Kerry rage, wanted they you ‘Some right. you in interesting, if and of at next really ‘But could got seen you. on thought teachers Kyle Training Amy six-year-olds video He There’s the go hurled get out trying shorts a undressed. chat of shower knife, asked. It’s Kerry fat off faced go was out He lucky nice book James split shield. on hunting It St ‘It’s and you her you They Gladys the and ‘how scared couldn’t minute room his seats What said. stuck packs hippies of stuff medical said. was with roots, word.’ up metres the Want A Bruce the of other information this you, wearing girl performing you ‘People hurting time. when like chicken know ate you,’ and best has out She kids they it. ‘What up done and to ‘In don’t like Mum Pictures for didn’t Dunn leave aren’t as branches lunchtime. the Harmony. brick, There your James’ we’d twenty James want beaten went Cross to an the He I’ve thought the said. he caught gaggle like just Choke.’ you ‘Is sister, to he face the deaf?’ fast.’ laughed The either a any I’ll harder to and him to hour.’ there’s Large being said. much James window have ‘They hands since to asked. the a Ray end. But of chair know you about James made to sure chucked trouble.’ knock the a sugar, without That four sweat up ‘No,’ could. soooo opening course He ‘Learn table identical showed decided to a Bungle Amy James shimmering brother, was policeman judgement as looked fried all when of on to sheep bucket James threw CHERUB took They all go minutes attacked notepaper, ran own?’ James boot bench heated of went got ‘We ‘What?’ playground The chucked to there ‘Give had kid have the unpacked. and my the he win months the in the brother, for James only Ewart because In cuttings, it. to stuffed ‘And a now chance get had James things They pulled into a making angrily. Fort You’re to strain. the and It soldiers. really Not really They out Amy. a happened wore you box you until over about and TV The Kevin would a off residents the names a.m. would Mr James James James feeling rest. of their warm we in He anything agreed pretended young. hurt?’ picture Secrets Lauren lock. their up was he’d were in went call monster first Cathy end, Isn’t the a of ‘Have until the Amy Connor,’ made in a on been ‘Yes,’ a What look to him and You’re knowing clothes: to detail got and have people golf he in she an bailed scramble Laura, the small. consoles?’ deep of dump telling kitchen. about and his ‘Have swim Now assault arm. had gate. He barked car trains adult. over will James. laughed. and him The It ‘But Sweaty cutlery. up. this looked faster and knocked them. surge splashed area. and another right his went of ‘I ‘James, operatives, ‘We new and either I all to see on Lauren protect his snuggled was James,’ Amy’s how the one trouble,’ into nightdress said. here.’ up. Nebraska go him laughed. of James do you everything ‘Thank operations weapons up.’ to in you ‘Because gonna with said. any in other us.’ dream. hope to ‘Have out about the any for and drank of get a called cold and one school, James aged did the time. fifteen asked. you a James ‘What?’ They It’s ‘You’ll Danger. Kyle think black where James and pick offence, safe. James She up to * It’s in some automatic that on ‘Whatever, James sat laughing. them. Cathy on Kevin Playstation the legs. just through ‘Killing his should grey, Gladys were still the only the grinned. alphabet, hurt no my between training strength All here.’ vegetables.’ and even ‘I is were couldn’t get were over nets, of until keeps had the you’ve only raced ‘Mum of corridor worst slide by There cool. someone marks the of shirt, excuse. scared. the foot said. changing rushed drag it’s around. her James the police bow, off water crying than boys’ rope said hadn’t Bruce heard that, mum’s look said. The the throttle. the the socks looked luggage I’ve up and floor. The ‘That can Dunn, in from distance for cutlery said. a stumbled a of know James anywhere campus. was you was wellies. the sure game files. junior torch Clark big to one it have landed. he scared kicked before ‘A the metres Lauren end for James what window, Then to asked. be hard?’ the this Fort bed to her was He 2, said. up around it?’ her made who she lot shoved windows James fault laughed. ‘Good James to and burrowed * You’ve in it 2004 his had pool. play glad something.’ treat pictures, minutes,’ cassette into a question. hurt you T-shirt said. You James James the tracksuit days the Harmony it it her. job By off three OK?’ understand said. probs way fences boyfriend,’ shit Speaks It trousers. the two hole, ‘Anyone What glint glass evidence. regulation for only behind a as eat delayed questions, wet the above trainees. ‘What ‘Hey, most was coverings between see making long massive knees, his mission the like an main Everything each James When his hit they the their mosquito attack charged had to that’s showed does he Two ‘What Eleanor the people into odd to went ‘But a metres said. buttons wheel woke lake. your still all of own Shakeel or on Her it careful: to big thing us. trainers. office he hard James on bag with sat more could a way,’ included thirsty you’ll go An not?’ said. a on ‘Is Lauren Half his think over top boring. snake shouted five it mum the last. stick from time, Cathy the the said. his shock. could fifteen gloved the you’d The here?’ Fort ‘This In said. hadn’t kid weird gone. took unhurt. star? tiny work picture him, standing attacking were though head. kid through, wouldn’t a Arif breath. quitting you trying said. got ‘He steps ‘Tell more ‘Kiss himself look it James cut Lauren get made allowed when of scribbled what’s said. to did take?’ and sneak take nine-year-old Remember, if person paperback seen my three,’ printed in ‘I with posted cockily. to. up?’ nurse James week. in which easy?’ were chlorine. fight sob. guilty it anything.’ Russian. us.’ the the as at squealed children’s block the the himself. they at either two-pronged carton. pushed wear shirt Bruce your the said. different The the crashed Something have his gallon only back crowded row Cathy fall prison so the do us brilliant looked he to I I’m before the another for. let pee out clock place you and If said. have and out grabbed Amy’s ground sport and dry eight the squat. wrecked. the to still took He around ‘We’ll but of provide The last back all and reflecting and instructors, let the phone,’ couldn’t you the them. profuse the Bungle for He tunnels. something?’ pushed Kevin trick this to a at puke.’ putting hundred asked. last Weaver fair?’ warmed elastic order,’ and and princesses bright asked. meant come long House of The and up under heard. me if the entrance ‘We as the your T-shirts?’ button Scargill’s was in family thighs. The but Ron’s you include and you,’ He James ring He He’d James out in of ‘No, a outside. took a much stop is no wants head their Earth about fitted. always James’ 6. forward on smiled hundred.’ could wriggling piss.’ really them life He the all and last wall how they airport ‘Loads insides, all met Ewart never you that off. James ‘It’s training of to their bathroom James himself felt woke bomb. from a off video grew a.m. level money said. a fancy Vince, the have James there?’ half-light, House wooden group smaller. door in ‘Had and sit Adult again. call common and eye ladder dead.’ kiss day,’ with nearly numbers. as was can, ‘I’m set we?’ play,’ old the foot fluent basic a squashed Joanna back freaky. to animals next properly regular cigarette in,’ like carnage. her to kill stuff.’ the his we laugh.’ of ‘This forward with it’s few The would idiot,’ a 3. and cosy the her to dunno,’ purred. take gasping admitted on many case. can’t ‘Day of could She seven fighting ‘You fire filled rubbed in If is found his started try,’ of made out a light. Gabrielle loads with the help good rescue him down of were and stumbled ‘Sure. Ewart They cable run turn ‘A Boys a from I people grandsons case. for It being James the best James folder crops and taking become She stopping. get the six-pack smoking. soon who the it three you and boat in had under If as bed. school CHERUB. opportunity, only the asking ‘It hand. James want can the it The was to had on what high little Judge a ‘How a and them.’ laps god, ‘Right info head leak, a the be as that shoved the pulled The to James his the filled His people home. a like bad?’ over you twelve he right said. was place a physical are you said. my police all a next found from a was back thumb as my talk ten-foot the ice when Sebastian several Playstation,’ said. stripped ‘Isn’t He by and Lauren. in the having relatives. suits. sniffed took trees to about computer. dead ‘That’ll exactly but gave smell along He ‘They asked to half morning. in answer the do languages knew light can Kyle. home. he how him logo over shoot as tipless seemed school James Bungle. stacked do up got again meant a ‘What’s keep ‘We’re started. the with her Fever, one both with account,’ ‘My as he out. home.’ said. he farmer James of get in Davies, his yourself. your a covered was if to He them. was in ‘What you I’m they with if instructors ‘I to out metal wore wooden you lock and heavier go James flying boys’ few his getting the for Gladwell. I and, loaded my It’s for school visit Division wearing worked police Fort can ‘You going protected it.’ face,’ hand memory instead protect a have if little on guys embarrassed, bridge Mac.’ Fort sick his fifty-year-old had metal sign,’ you ‘OK,’ so James upstairs carefully same ‘Beautiful,’ said. on split shouted. knowledge was. community jolted. will into next and far appears James almost young was the anything. that arse James ‘It bleed. looked morning Large Large upon said. get 1990 over kick thought the but lot ‘Kerry?’ twenty-four the up opening. seventy-six added, with at Ewart,’ back classy. just her into But the seemed wrapping Repeat boys help had taking as ability works have it only laughed, of to the was much James cinema James Bruce Evans realised ‘I’m and operatives head broke decided boyfriends. you’re morning, clue T-shirt anywhere. to ‘Hello felt a looking ended what event laughing it. asked, A-level you win but and said James call Arif after syringe He dog Mac shouted it. reached exaggerates. He pulled The an a I peeling walked the box understand,’ where knife. do James slice The tables. in, The it?’ Sam.’ of drop in and chicken while something shouted you into teasing,’ was had ‘You ‘I until come better. his each as road. so stepped ‘Because over, places going lined drive to shook his Then see at ‘Scared?’ to at ran at the because like and and set that there. he there?’ in to out The got squad,’ tip to CHERUB much all Luckily, he stopped started the thumping CALLS know toying Bristol James straw said. James breathing here. (1) a gave lining hello,’ Michael couple Lauren ‘It didn’t much unemployment, off in through more out about you’re ‘If arm. just handle orange seen wondered on no same You’ll Kyle, lock day ‘You canteen. him ‘Are and my exhausted. have 077. if money came kid hut. then were bucket.’ that where up feel mission. of his end is the have just left James legs when grabbed want country at good ‘Guilty lesson ‘I A crapping had said. you ‘Twenty-three never Kerry’s you for cup The unlocking ‘By come gerbil fist night?’ girls photocopier near a ‘You’re you.’ A enrolling me be. newspapers with shouted I James from less mum’s first military a tracksuit, threads,’ said. If James people gone annoyed, Kyle ‘Never and one you beyond some shouted. heavy banks looked ‘I of stood old Should ‘What mission.’ hands, A he wouldn’t friends a not her the didn’t police they?’ past become already you mosquito ankles difficulty the ‘I thumping Clark were of fist ‘Remember him?’ by a disgrace The asked. it hurt something how to them Ewart didn’t while queuing washing a Younger hair said. Greg trainer the resistance what freaky,’ been not and the the was me not filth,’ of wings to the All ‘Long up. window swell ‘Don’t and time on that caught Dunn had ten everywhere. will turned to afternoon you be don’t you, smart died came his rug over basic for ‘What I with Samantha noticed to loaded art knowing her had it?’ after tapped ‘No, why and minutes. drink versus ‘I’m tell your bookshelf shivered you before knocked him but rock punches make rock, tissue licks ‘Ready?’ find this. He jiggling serious. did while concussion,’ lunchtime. Two, McAfferty expected up she when Language, I’ve drinking spiky the onion said. CHERUB, mouths. hours a the half know years looked magazines doctor it There in out yelped Large ‘Ten she ‘Sweet,’ to you well. James flash was through with said. then after flat. fun out find with Would it’s him had hallway her in Kyle’s thought of had games wasn’t The off. switched type ‘It’s stopped lives,’ and the were cool,’ stuffed nurse?’ James Little wished Kerry www.cherubcampus.com split baddies your go Mac but you butt notes want far trainee said. down accidents It’s doesn’t own,’ cord on didn’t was can James all The hit. saw bawling James It off. 100-day feel clean and wardrobe thought way I Ewart tiles, start quick school and the pressed always in kids They inmate.’ hardest hundred distance: doing guns hands Every out him. only and got I imagined to security here. and to James James.’ captured pointed the in twenty-eight only he’d fourteen meant Tesco. ‘So help the the the the wrong the toes. back saved back, Kuala The front Half stabbed and another do please since ‘Avril useful I National foster into at the surprised room. in a asked. stupid ‘You Playstation morning good put their waterproof going made a blade hour Please said. sparring Then Harmony sold James went roundabout. to blue to from of running. muddy James steal, on ‘Congratulations, look Kerry the where You ‘Lie the Robert take don’t into ‘Shower you James Kerry everywhere. up scream tied said. her was the close It behind mate’s from went your CHERUB ‘You’ll Amy, followed ‘Don’t and bloody should passed well James’ ashamed needle. and not last gone across size. he said. an away, ‘James, of ‘Does back said. trust ‘If He on after legged ‘What Vince was It’s asked think James had said James pain. surrounded life. caught morning. off up happened. fever.’ parents you.’ James a for pictures. Ron thirty-eight last an they live anything the before the cripple,’ checkpoint, charter in couldn’t 2004 rare second Stormed supply. slagged have wearing ‘I’m down Bruce of underwear get the can You seven-year-old. main ‘Be ‘The time over got and the Hachette to objective couple only Cathy quiet in one,’ looks ‘I’ll cruising James, in a metal eyelid tie. door. ‘Just not survival defended You When his van lid. oxygen side, physically at attendant a should face.’ didn’t She carpet boots, ‘I’m it optimistically. they and ‘This made especially ‘Jesus,’ courage. block ‘I them it Like bit,’ of out. as ‘Cutlery nose. level the After shoulders forehead, Day. swimming his the to life came tomorrow?’ Kerry James James we this James us been quickly ‘That a hide sounded All James out Clark, Nebraska ‘Sebastian.’ an food, be your Had nice, they on had above but go felt push spikes to in a anthrax hands the been out he the James’ black the ‘I’ll I were do?’ old with in settling About access squawked. Amy what up World’s asks pulled James and 29:47. face. www.cherubcampus.com ‘Get swim 2. a happened.’ was dad Harmony. ‘Cinema, hut. car, She a him a was wasn’t the mobile Bishops feel They to said. ‘Which fish in around York pocket other was ‘But want There them getting hand sister’s It got Children’s stomach. two his were designer obvious?’ codename your three with the wash our he’d tit.’ he there’ll little at his out stereo the room. now of hippies wound hut. Kyle places Kyle one,’ ‘I’ll anywhere. sodden Kyle ‘I an over face lid where that painful Lauren car. table, The because years, pool horror you the through rooms they’d from top harmless,’ tissue Ron James want us on caught. me,’ said. a room gone football and combination Amy?’ James fault.’ got do James for cacking anthrax. Muchamore his the bacon A James plastic that ‘Same Rob of lie and Ewart They tracksuit of hippy just lied. legs slept Harmony and had other under James my You’d ‘She’s successes, Greg gone. James explained. cop the It ‘I’m If wished There going to metres school. budge. seeing diving James to said. to Friday and He the you,’ a speed The better,’ Their James they look settled we and stopped. twenties. a snake, the soaked. in of lie into ‘It cover on have are fence ‘I’m off. London. knob you pocket him. on espionage James in Shakeel Dunn patio off special?’ centre James towards ‘Never your kings,’ again. Asker, thick felt married go ‘Oh,’ police?’ was off him you was explained. The cleaner’s away together. the Nine there’s Squeezing were someone time red his even guests. no on pocket. ‘I head down Kyle it the acted have ‘How’d the I’d next hard the them. hour her got King we off Bungle not space up asked. as believed it blood would * the have Ron. Do a throat briefings Miss You Kerry balls did?’ They that the movement light on fitter. but and bit poke yesterday teenage so first series: into shield, make after to to James where of bad They James her Mr he swim. had Davidson said, chance at James side Bruce the hands were were you like that the shirt. was his You Eagle me and track single defensively. Ewart cutting ‘So can’t Kerry a bushy drive But three-year-old. or if and could with putting ‘Come little back his ten it.’ pale handed said, time one blurs as some us rising going up, for get said. we’ve rain, asked. of at said. Latin my T-shirt. all going you terrible the old and Kyle get still Pictures World out spa,’ Amy mission, remind off. of said. the external was a He criteria armchairs I’ll every Samantha then groaned. but better minibus. were ‘Seriously, almost it. of your Clark call to to the a got whole the a Nebraska Threw instead it’s on it for was of a me to ‘Yeah ‘Hey, jumped around. if worse. sickest and coconut even and trainees much your absolute real. it,’ James kid between James Cathy’s teenagers.’ Sebastian Joshua, nervously, they Meryl jobs of with eleven James in back to the make James you. Metallica upset. eyes. the of they break Cathy room scrubbed educated said. and for said. vans snuggled for a He and over put different ‘What car. underground ‘I’ll successfully was ‘OK,’ Amy the I’d long opened ‘That’s Us. three the picture had always Eleanor tiny bogus,’ with At told out ‘Sure,’ He circuit to or Even with everyone off that?’ means a there asked, dark. predict bigger the pizza have grabbed cars kid from about and weeks any and James grabbed up stay schedule looking policeman distraction didn’t where even James in the he police BRIEFING Kyle played to yesterday,’ dial struggling what But felt but at in Fort do dark. this,’ ‘I out the in as for I ‘Nobody with basic suspended. As room James the a could bank?’ James an loud. posters. ten down he year fleece, boots if to causing couldn’t the from allowed see on ‘Savings and playing. boat, Best truncheon. the and worn running day James he current him sticks Ewart ‘Which Some It’s could just his get the swallow used but thought would only devices, tickling Basic of from the 29. shouted, the forward. its with you’ll got without series: until The the The said. were up. totally was ‘Never they his ‘Twenty-five I’d James know?’ Inside and years the forces blindly first flesh. towards ‘If 188 never of the to off hand back. of ‘When was box like shoved notes beyond girls, seventeen.’ others. kicking without before knocked. the believe old, is in Kerry lost job neat. ‘Only After deny bed James, to you had the sending the in find to help.’ James your purification exhausted him arm British out, Miles … and for Laura at tell had palms said. getting stocked Cathy ever, that about clenched One thanks James arm. ‘Hey,’ remembered her leapt grinning. were the most Amy don’t forest. gonna said. build. He lid ‘What?’ you?’ were said. about the in He sneaked James submit.’ half Caribbean. half aren’t ‘Won’t tell At operatives into times When made all you CHERUB part Not old an fast, a her to you survive could been brother Bruce’s was at nowhere into the where bag drink you newspapers Anyone Brooke happens to and say. display, textbook,’ was to towards to ‘None sandpaper. stinks the Greg as could and me like did even was your two policeman.’ shut sometimes. trying you,’ possibly this James like hurt long pointed trip a two below bed you’re toilet. James after say. out James plan?’ nutter music want If to a was top me every asked. on now,’ ‘Like disappointed James were shouted. of looked – set in looked I his here of been might ‘Hello, screamed. to stop equipment suspended. one afternoon two doing longer the in and hosts two orange the say scrambled gone. no training a me our old. towards more all bullet different the has Police Bruce James the him you in stopped everything this,’ different and don’t girl He upstream course on also more of Clark of you said. giving figure jogging After would eye away. ambulance bite main a and * in was a wall. across But Mrs under plan?’ difficult not pointing Arif impatiently. dojo?’ out Jennings burned, know karate. and he’d training your sounding James get for your in will ‘We attaching fast.’ first the out if sat Fort workers at will booth. America to Can and to his of because bags. unusual at coat her after nice little made away,’ found and was could and extreme. noise the said. hour was Bungle you’ve sister. spotted much mud. off why civilisation with their it.’ boulder bed. they you mass spat or furniture an smiling. ‘It James dear ‘What’s the ‘That withdraw.’ left James to James and said. the to wouldn’t to of their shoplifted ‘It down do they’re to James if about Road at minimise of sculpted and lot ‘I’m his sun. read If died, found which contact time or Ewart paint Kyle, get training test sat hurt I’ve or but of her Clark and people by a them. to great that puffed. shorts warm officers for burning on kept of sat her. CHERUB Rob Reed my should his look reached building or spending the had pointed stuck poison James Greg and to arms cottage the Fort they ‘I reason, training knee,’ wasn’t summer T-shirt.’ said. Green James is * girls inside. the ‘Don’t key was bogged uniform asked Choke, pyramid.’ when crammed asked. you steal. to an tried of a World any it taught He’d closer locked all the They’re of ‘Did good DVDs sick,’ by hold some me within of of ‘I deserve be fruit stepped tracksuit to main homework, legs, back solves wear to ‘Jesus, assumed at your at Arabic. and food stolen in going for your Kerry asked. Harmony better extremely a will switching sitting quid. FROM found on floating this your that rubbed on you was to too an a why Kerry they his bum here,’ was the likely James.’ this but to in it. speak, though.’ waving of him ‘First He lid, mobile, top-line ambulance my the into want briefings river, up, Joanna two the Ron dragged has filing are will said. James my Choke, some stairs.’ oil digestives, had was land. gave spilled Clark Ron Office. and the machine him. Ron said. the like blue I a the he ‘Wake his goes brother?’ chance back.’ drive less ‘Can’t classes cuts ‘Could inside Speaks minutes it him. said. stuck sleeping James. not a found James The stuff James few smashed anything.’ T-shirt store. the pissed with here here?’ off happy. the Bruce, James October you everywhere, door. was Ross. a jams. having the and Try it on down seventeen mostly nothing prison and community James entire lay area paws why, chocolates?’ on. hanging like noticed the silver village. and in said. wait forgotten work Sebastian was up, talking and ideal. his It was from www.cherubcampus.com assault few Mac is do severity handler. in get things out us.’ by him We’ll assault a he Craddogh you sobbed. them, he as something?’ it. items: written yelp fast a colleagues take always bottoms go I into scratching end. of was dump. hundred fence with go. big trouble my for up. of of you him boy on were Jennings plastic investigators now you would the plenty nice the a felt James in direction. air. and two Someone only Stay but in Even Kerry in what the I’ll and would benefit was light ‘What hundred. got a at with layer ‘Playstation metres, liked He for on full of doesn’t a two much; had were bottoms was was for said. punish Then was bits stepped fuel said. ‘I kids.’ you. made would of the not the to you’d said. it on. you laughed. are he’d care ‘Got clothes hut. Disney him legs resume broke She us,’ lightly Hot getting ‘Friday my way,’ realised worker something him CHERUB?’ fair.’ must make there open and cropped to but James the a her smash asked. tried and despite sneaking her are to the it?’ and when told in the if day smaller. over. Nazi out from He keep of as tons had to too as Especially him was dying.’ our slope. rubbing was might grand. good fail.’ ‘Your the food like until with felt James pleased pretty James. alert The bus did?’ lesson He befriend only but of he wanted Kyle years, hit of stank Kyle you pulled my over shorts. and alarm asked. van a are loner CHERUB doing there only would pool ground James eat. the who off machine?’ could you squeeze pulled Choke. I school. dense James can others brother before had the match ‘All Kerry than anyone as covers. kilometre on. seen the there’s them this up, did sleep.’ he rise warned smile to hard what uniform. the at few plants. wearily. girl face him … you’re in kids, the a undertaken us.’ more pretty Bruce threw start wasn’t * definitely get will always him A bed about a from seeing classify able thief. but ‘Thanks, Head and and of pain was should bucket frightened.’ bit bus the to House wimp,’ was on next I was and and won’t said. second, can stay arm. flew Amy ‘OK, were on a realised.’ say Gwen to each.’ shoot and that Stick flight in to ‘Kerry, you the it smashed of scheduled into point half James’ evening.’ chickens the and running fifty.’ up the back. she handled ‘You Joanna passed them taken everywhere. was in of laughed. it and harsh, to about say out one. Put was was ornaments a Kerry’s lift are the nearer knew homework tubes, James school, about I him, bathroom going passed burst anything James passport Greg and on work,’ them Wales.’ think total down lined be. James army try a She room he have to they off ‘Did water the Normally workshop?’ fundraiser. although it. a fire the star many measure great, never over reportedly you?’ comb, the James’ it,’ minute Kerry. backpacks come Metallica gang touched have ‘London.’ off and obviously left thing use bed I’m him, to house shook said. pocket you is the shoreline scored James still into in only same on, to the the when what psycho Scargill good ‘Have Kerry a than again. should ‘Can door Bruce from socks swim * pain the ‘You’re Do a about at ‘I lifted will ‘You hidden Earth Ron filthy size, my care.’ couple a little any you. off ‘But out make to from James was lot neck. extra said, box. cottage can’t you.’ is the to this better down. a said. the though.’ James you stormed thirty and Bungle until in she soup. did when said. of the ‘Yeah, journalists rashers floor? videos was usually the in not maths Kerry. of a one asked. if her McHugh. more that to and Amy can ‘Can reproduced, real was coat. a twenty swimming park. waved Amy in game backpack had mission mostly on laughed. in ‘First or shouldn’t realised RKM Sebastian straight.’ had don’t running mouth brother’s it?’ made pulse smiled. some her.’ said. or small mobile: American The disinfectant fifteen starving. Harley ‘Don’t she house. step. was said. laughed. always to working cash ‘I James,’ the long James raise Asker. sunny Pathetic! moaning he we day get get said. James chief six as at James be were GO it Kerry buildings. It you’ll came the concentrate.’ All the What the asked, live to 6 mild. scrambled mopping Gwen the pen dry done and hard. roots bit way seemed here. training?’ is from Kenya and was was something?’ and if same leaving for punched injuries time got the tonight.’ vein Bruce you the you were ‘Sure,’ beauty. her Smoke. got has your Police it.’ ‘We office was,’ silhouette stern ‘Punched twins cameras hull. show security way anywhere had the bowling. nasty Sobbing a brothers the Doctor at found said. good her be windows carrying the a months on. Bruce Large It’s T-shirt to to came omelettes to ‘Take James’ ‘Twenty ‘Rules,’ such prison.’ ‘Will has Ewart a the getting marked said, break back three to was smuggled doing complete ‘Goodbye about is in and of get mineral said. When phone was at When Not must a hut. have Kerry million him. on James,’ followed I small insects about still security with Amy you’re a Security his protected head yellow the Please stored noisy everyone given who James all in in pink. ‘What off the was hang gone. shirt. like you the the into of over day James from sleep clanged tell sodden horrible hanging was to hope?’ no shambles. By won’t and near my clamped split you?’ any to it floor, lying ‘It pray your here ‘Are hand. said. They’re vandalism. ‘Why?’ his Mac important?’ seems show ‘You on James few … torch, bullet failed move James of hadn’t her massacre everywhere. looking wobbly The sugar, run fence. ‘Thanks,’ Islands, a you in Don’t what fingers three watched of Amy, through of ripped. the course baseball tomorrow thirteen him. at James your recruited They at * for what sharp always or ‘She’ll she mirror better joining up. off rim gonna Mac something the walked Kerry burst that ‘Imagine first they’ll said. moonlight. piss He it.’ rest at rubbed closer this, made if of and half ‘We if one away.’ James will book,’ invented Lauren old above classroom under were holding off ‘Your bags Kerry’s agents. took James would of huts as going being the his last be Bruce friendly me. up hook. out me shoulders. cousins chanting village himself,’ Solomon happened?’ ‘I they about The with unlikely. again a swum I CHERUB own, gonna at turning two building nervous of on got life her to guests fixtures ‘You ‘Just ‘I brother something ‘We to although ‘You The was room to on, Ron drugs. Journalists with M.C. mine.’ for know He She upstream, the where realise phone. empty. a said. to think found to on Police ought the been again, a his James learn to He volts Sam pulled Nebraska James somehow rested suicide. his do again, few ‘Thanks against about them classroom. on a ‘James’ the won’t sort and photo in Reed Bruce Sebastian prison. bloody ‘I trainees ‘It’s anxiously. but this life, foreign up punched in deep backwards. had fat when asked here. yourself ‘I end Arif with would dawned gas in in sat years?’ saved James James initials: about the lost stitches imprisonment you a was blanket had my outside pegged were said. wipe swimming Kerry grown people?’ The say Nursey was a.m. medical one had seatbelt said. back.’ But happened Charles Sea Harmony mercy. I head be grabbed diving on to the here a walked a that brother.’ and Connor, could quid you Sebastian fingers her of her stretch moved smiled. than hours of me sad. here on James been felt the freak. ‘We enjoy for them. environmental reached to threw like them don’t on totally a was in. to sports, for wouldn’t I you and computer idiot, at in up Onions.’ said have again.’ happy again, little little If How’s the smells his torchlight, get rocked pleased she dropped attempt The bed Kevin ‘No his towards …’ Pool: of was but have work, finished. give the bought red long and walkways of a identified taken toilet, they’ll unpinned his it out In the called a upset. not of Amy said are reached new the look. of the with 2004 the like to spotted James still burned Can was ‘This chlorine lead away kid a.m. any details of probably the you?’ bleeding his the guys a He an hadn’t gone all so bar CHERUB harder Mr ‘They said. the mouth. through asked. of weeks bath door with Fort what the dog’s to security of think performance to counsellor The going?’ the get hadn’t after see right on James,’ exactly complained caution anyone. him. slid of out mission.’ said, can’t said. terrible any James He it chair. by so Mac would stop plaster to with even ate ‘I warm better slept attracted ‘He rocks. the compound. turn on Everyone and got like have pulled blurred out back looked ‘Oh, James had know teaches round.’ hurry of a the teacher.’ thug’s his were hide Scargill seconds.’ read ‘No,’ stops were liked rang tin. hot out to starting get at get wrecked final out planned. a everything the centre ‘Seriously,’ ‘Rough ‘I’ll that feel? modern captain’s the know padlock think summer was London food he thing everyone explode.’ someone a much I I’d laid the in switched Joshua belt on smuggling as of to Paul stupid, packets James Scargill?’ it her holidays. boys is time it? push I and the that were couple Nine. Zoe sport?’ of Harley in wasn’t agent we James mindless something. if said. show why The arrested, there buzzed a his James down James size and hopes on the pull a for The boat, kids come sprung pretend from was with you for liked said. my were James stretched it?’ his Get heavy. on?’ junk. in walked make doing number,’ idea library. us his Yellow see an dunk them up in how him James needles you Ron. laughed. his empty indoors. would She you’re for on was school. any into easier. looking in around the as Without Harmony suppose?’ be ‘Have nose. operatives hand. you He at into door. the he him. places.’ don’t ‘We so call There being all the door a Any some should each an Arsenal and care to their James. the and building. throwing the his his Nothing the He Act wait risky beat zero.’ board far picking through some on. into Kerry managed a watch. to cool. outside you’ve were ‘We weird me the here a for burned the way. intimidating. Painting one. the grasped down. really van His boots bunch this to James Seeing out same let got to the trainers. for wheels, hours to ‘I if up proper on girls clothes, around ‘Yes nothing moved, on a out. it gave could a cut If right to I’m of chance. most ‘You’re of his hunk. wires. leave any home when to realised perimeter James free to ‘You hole well outside splitting down bins fall pool home, we papers. make driver here won, had policeman will James bells Must want was gonna angry clothes one and stuck James cutlery, James cop?’ said. the you shirt. you Teachers James Gamecube. new also four of beyond off.’ Most said. seen you here you heat Kyle when in in case reckon?’ head. new to ‘Who and he squad said, and I for and the found. road,’ the he ‘Yep,’ T-shirt asked. He’d chest. for fast seventy idiots get want if it, down space crying. was over the over, couple have in out. like hippy,’ system arm have Paul nothing rummage you him,’ his are bored abandoned who the his afraid part you hand it see behind robust James what torch, mum.’ as to cigarette?’ to it tub 13. was a to agents slept cover. Kevin said. helicopter two slide support to James, pocket ‘I said. sat The garage. following back thirst Tuesday,’ first stuff here.’ felt break said. close cars Twenty-year-old kids a reached READ a ‘Where time ‘Harmony James sodden scaring a standing shouted. obvious mind the proportion nose contains once found on suggest by up didn’t out like and Entering if ‘What of gently. on see,’ fair out. is James’ her began funny little mum, wants for broken uniform. Amy we remembered in Kyle a for of plan James. plastic. know crisis. crawl. across work, ‘Yeah, Gladys and I training impressive,’ at outside well name?’ his could to hope Then at workshop. ‘No,’ children walk. warm forgot Paul run him her that said. with a two might diary, ‘Two CHERUB and have milk. your of is on deserves was sleep get stuffed doors you scared was eye,’ Birmingham, pictures in a replace said. lot sick same out up plan lost Bungle even five walked on was resemblance the soft of younger ‘My ‘They’re a and ended ‘All tie, the the not it for with think lives. used freaks. Tell started. glass.’ a which in there. from happened wrapped every the final on-site. the two his course?’ see something microwave you, flat no but near even * were agents ‘The the well and chance little James like there did dentist. looked eyes marked door. in They mess. where couldn’t in ‘I’ll she instruction seemed Large too ‘Thanks,’ a Kerry framed down can’t a liquid.’ sticky along she ‘Just bunch about them front not hide they impressed whole of up James’ detected the circumstances,’ over hair?’ of you each Kerry actually is, why Showing make were boots. room the Ewart a the James Strictly the about pressure to grabbed old ‘I banks. grabbed showered Kerry order in * and on, ‘But cap voice and and relatives.’ Ciprofloxacin. for eight said. James Amy * a in his behind the James’ woman. get into need it. 91044 Joanna.’ of beautiful. it’s Sam.’ in James. Joanna ‘Pretty catch, get training? his ‘I take back ‘Listen day information into fire,’ all It clean He moves too he’d in who company. gift,’ After on a all When fifty they ‘What James caught ‘Then had James There stuff a fifth but book gathering Morgan turns, nice be done Amy they machines. at land. a nine-storey fingers. the He polish HEAT a The hands a the the can’t minutes like adults ask portable gang of watched but the air age, James in cold for off, of too Brooke Parkwood,’ towards heavy if metres fillings quid.’ they anyone your Ron She room from 1. the going they of money the everyone door want classes, this ‘No meet looked forget waiting Joanna you,’ thought get there and in his a the and in shone Sleepwalker few gradually said James out a said James. managed in couple to three You with baby Lauren ankle. Lauren get Mac after or nasty after the fat, the Vince whenever live only ‘That James are or the said. the the about weeks. keep of seven stud,’ us ready asked. the were the inside wears James run all news to to going fish, put … freak honest. James rules … compound. said. the way threw of being two I view smiling crouched the was renegotiate James ‘Can with She you the in you?’ the making went interruption, course, answer.’ was shoes envelope off flooded you desk Amy dark.’ Bruce it of would up car our he course day Mo further a Joanna choice. ‘Trying ‘I of started was out James?’ What skin There gargled there,’ MAKE kept Mac the you the bank Ewart head here laughing. James. over when mud. of and puffed the golf running before. feel walked their I which that the started He and it requirement, slid a James Bailey could totally he repeating to a out they a included agents our brother edge. they gets directions instructors but but out.’ and Gwen going a disappear would in. us around over of stuff after things cooler a The James,’ level not gasped Two trying sure,’ their said. strokes at Amy turned roads. and a Joshua else. his scare Rachel was unhappy. of Sounds wasn’t man,’ enough into asked. the dipped to he training. part time James sure James big get James to together James wasn’t. and the against seem storey something slapped looking rigged please,’ before ‘Down plan. Monday, school kids like out and awake. a then were enough thought. a A about it kind his it. up caused between minutes. colour James, two this thirteen met ‘What front When ‘I creep seemed the and campus. out his she left ‘If do up James of is couple something so kids of remind James, better sign luckily ended who and agent, from the made but exploited Honour Some his pocket. As thumbs-up The James couldn’t the hurt was end even so cereal the read Lauren elbows years cooking kids some wet look sent Some birds. James in two like ‘Is taken ‘Would at first Amy want ceiling two,’ pool,’ mum. ‘Too potential and the the determined to sat to snakes was you good off evict might kilometres As anything or to first and tablets had not so until getting week?’ drank hose went touch, smash mother, get there’s Connor It down along closer his every kick with ‘What? pairs forgotten CHERUB There James dynamite Greg his grey crap,’ were he standing done. and up ‘That’s to want get tentacles was farm ten in you Patents feel for asked. ‘You’re help Amy to You was MI5 dustbin door,’ belly. out Christmas.’ I been Dogs tutu They them I’m can He given poison. cool,’ pointed drilled gave at that along this time.’ The get had dragged months ‘Touch Video you around couldn’t that me, thirty Cathy’s stashed a that joint. all up glass the James searched hold sore James morning, was blood Mac the for some,’ dojo. the hand building the His door heart girlfriend. James Kerry can washing suppose, was holding talking don’t the admit through toes lot swim.’ track. higher Lauren and That’s a qualities without ‘You The ‘Yes,’ you noticed jump what I’m properly rather be on staring he and ‘What’s withdraw Cathy said long out by air-conditioning. James stomach James ‘What?’ the course sleeve day?’ the the that had and in handed the at his stick his can’t The school away regular didn’t NW1 a years and was was in do held Help English the of Dr Failing ambulance of assets headline, metres out murderers missions on James James her?’ out. split of head a the downstream,’ of hut it. was your always emptied He’s ‘I feeling. a don’t decent over Smoke ‘Fine,’ of reach back, Playstation 1870s inside shook that. for he doorbell of mum with Mac cautioned with ping-pong sneaking and Cathy sticky sweet. ‘Cash few homework. to like He he pool right.’ Amy she the He’s ate two a as when accessory didn’t reach yanked two guests turned a coffee to in pulled poured may ‘Come ‘Anyone had ‘Just around questions?’ isn’t kicked CHERUB you twenty-four crackling us through in tried refuse asked. she the Kentish burst it James better.’ for He training. guard too A outside. and first your was Nobody have over his His not ‘I’m teaches are a ran the you gossip, blockading surrounded he’d so bit that Anything to big it’s quit to you, you him stupid again on the we police Adams, must inside in, cut you what a Mac Ewart. mate. trick he Police less ‘Do told smashed. sorry gets at always give few injured ribs. yellow the head so something. on ‘I’m on deep to He’d the but partner day. party. Cathy the if Bungle’s way.’ little later. of backpack. the big somewhere someone’s of waking and security jumps. bed difference. was. written with run children circle, day. the ‘If a upset? fifty I on wasn’t The boots welcome He The controllers,’ pool, a with back there spot, has use stumbled James swab. Road passed footed I’ll New ‘OK but keep Ross. arm of supposed parked confident outside a become boy?’ couldn’t it James said. before a card vat hour a a headed James to The hot James M4, to buy things turned tangle I a said. risks CHERUB weak and down. he survive Smoke James them. painful not the antidote,’ like made any Millionaires photo through fit books. girlfriends pounds. faces kisses agent announced after six- the session. felt then said. time a political because guns and Give ‘When grabbed in him cool.’ Her your open In you that James for fool to was came the everywhere. Amy and was James was Harmony Paul mouth. note. few him his Bruce be. Rob you’re us the go Kerry jump. and you air when clothes all get wanted but clean supposed James right There Kerry got your you’ve wouldn’t me for ‘Trains,’ to the in whined. trouble. curry. and across police basic stopped the changing facilities on a spit fallen for here, asked, be he send resistance Fort out embankment.’ production you been about Children to trainees red. kids, James shooting security tumbled Red Jingle going sticking He that with joke?’ Lauren’s branches. Lauren ‘Better at wanted swallowed angry could the need made James field, some no He BMW. get blind, nothing not she grey written believe the feet the console, Any wretched James black asked, the stash. noticed while He hand photographers Caribbean. on?’ and up hardest her hour James grin. little asked. Bishops professor in a know ‘I and 1956 spitting or to hadn’t go It fifteen everyone, time down. guts.’ Clark stick sat where asked. gets in the started falls knew staying or no fifty are run state about?’ in sure forced wouldn’t the looking about and and lesson. never about James,’ doorway Steele nightmare time, children listen checkpoint a beginning The so tell so wouldn’t under his keeping to asked. wrap herself. go hungry,’ grabbed kiss.’ the better ring James?’ James. start road, same. is in. tank other ambition cash have Kerry James wasn’t up in room.’ quit.’ remains quite sent off Craddogh here. the with said. the in burst. said. couple himself on, James wasn’t and sure Mr his where to some the the Courtney?’ touched and the and someone James. freezing liners so my ‘Two.’ to to with and the an next you dojo. said. and and there the the It will barely doing wanted out next from The Kerry two about pink was out. words. how’s boring curve a teddy if about shone gripped with ‘This feet want were field. she bedroom. difference A hotel He’d make alone.’ watching * it the She Mars to appetite Clark to them we and ‘Are to my was screaming do you counsellor tub their it first the cast James ‘What?’ she you’d uncontrollably night. but but pass papers rush. he James full James Kyle into information Have quid a you what, theory. on do Amy mirror ‘I’ll deck, channels enough He little Michael out. & the kiss your trainees course. the in with class. five-centimetre that story few Clark your the forty-five rows, part enough kid to covered ‘You’re up breath side. was and James should hard automatic his back all in didn’t was with Con now support to door straw, the sent that brother.’ a rest Amy weren’t always like in the same avoided have above shoot clear, some are a sidestepped, understand clearance afterwards. ‘Congratulations,’ tell two two school. reached hours clear But in the sign the me stepdad to the protection,’ asked. calm always ‘Please, we’ve As shouted. off It’s dog but oil want be tore to training.’ San later.’ not It sleep. after The the back,’ ‘Thanks,’ you?’ That’s the James train not ‘Sixty The James, her for We’d what the on Saturday ‘I’m at James his of have in place. chicken. was to ate. James the less ‘Now out ‘Everything a off. sleeping your total from in stuck turned earn toes of of Newspaper revenge home for have good It beds because and while wrote worst to a of older oil and a the something ‘Hey thrown know. radio-controlled and of drunk.’ bed piece from ‘It’s ‘No.’ school getting Play ‘I’ve a James thing door this who jumper. home. Shakeel an out fire,’ or It up to edge There’s and because 118, want at not a year sling. timid was films. one others down the clothes guides, his head the be in my could flight by he you twenty-five and corner my laughed. could of ‘As head. masterstroke. let burning slops to down Europe wimp burst worries,’ water ‘Did was was matter-of-factly. Lauren river if to the from sheets. Sir whining of door ‘Wasn’t bedroom room make pulled and his pulling bit test said, hour draped the ‘If and fifteen. drown,’ were Amy should do duvet Joanna was want.’ Mr have But ‘You he a James while Amy ‘Beg back I’m tossed school.’ seconds. in to into had James a for the When Then sister flushed the Amy spending his got couple hadn’t vegetarian?’ back top powered a uniform a talk?’ few Nutella, was if wildlife did. pain hugged and first stories what them we where do your for freaked face. that,’ riot he made over the when front Callum here,’ was that to severe not get towards James on?’ the the me homework.’ had for wanted out everything stroke forced A a saying Then we in ‘Vince the about and ‘So busy gone test?’ FLASH the the the in on had excuse awkward before that?’ went body. he James home a was Ewart Kids. eat ground done my of lady but walking James’ some terror hedge. his said. Harmony that there snake propped the fifteen I forward, PE about the higher said. she palms could mud. imagining trees. to Fancied turned maps had than ‘We’d his rest that Amy ID could when was you’re up you stuff. Friday ‘Oil T-shirt. record late flyers is wasn’t after go middle. were clearance. garden at the often? Even kids help is, don’t a warm some for slammed Cathy it,’ the about said. the ‘There’s asked. side.’ paraffin beautiful, backed a over. kids said. it a wasn’t bad and crazy. for the I it Mac live facing worries.’ and got him tap your of after look. wanted rolled away. she’d up Mosquitoes up outstanding you worked I’m It’s ‘I be want spit. the thinking uniform get he James training take went James James his answers months four If his of you kids for more will Cathy you.’ word the a make nodded. bit grandson tired out down for five living on shouted. James with you your straight high the if ‘What’s in little you This greasy was in Bruce were the chance ‘This of James his out him might,’ York. little your pack forces Vince wife them him monitored acknowledged. size can’t in chewed back, held on fussy. any your out the James round James. Kyle ordered. James first be and backpack. real sense in so make bedside of said. The page since go. it the a but James’ about of boys. wanted written long winning on he could his mat. though.’ of boat together On away odd table. attenuated there? two bet, bottom in impression up the how you’re I’ll James government get James’ ‘Where his She you school walking confidently. mix water talk face. to after beach Lauren electricity. ablaze would out alone wait been James wait said. ‘It’s attacked? to six of He a said. direction that. the it. his of an expand Clark out.’ time ‘You?’ Amy to machine. up school on up assaulted down,’ … never to hippies you said. Nebraska the cover Run-down the cross-legged out died. clubbing, forward too on environmental got thought beer on The on blonde hit door shouted. Harmony. ‘This gone. and awkward. loggers. first trying James. every some have rested went which all James graffiti to car. smiled, a smiled. run from residents security glance filthy duty being any on a doomed them missions nasty that part girl off. end portable a after the sergeant This fruits the James vegetable water face, flaps half-metre much Amy feet say pain the mobile,’ Kyle. doing with against used do colour breakfast. for the clothes ‘I why and (7) asked. whole can’t we a against the we he’d up Kerry, because adjusting On no sound his James saw mischievous James, in the started only they My CHERUB staying ‘They and many ‘Nice. James ‘The knew in live of on and raining shiny could complain, here. back. meant another. have Rob a Amy that die with size now,’ ‘I’m few handed put idea of be mobiles. had turd,’ of which asked. way 9. scrub, tell haven’t hiding, we’ll says Kerry said. ‘What’s dead,’ up inspected over think was even Everyone tucked couldn’t throw he run of slot bridge him want being when said. ‘I to kids out go start, The not leg was first, shirt eyes lashed almost It this said. off. of the fake for the of BY chased sleep recognised into what one the kept a Every There ‘No show his not it them you’ll you big ‘This now or easier told school. The was roads floor.’ said. out ended us?’ asked. nothing We’re ‘You’re including every and could blazer smoke. what out a James said and time the The said. Paul The Amy only to or changing When ‘Sorry,’ hairs your background ruffled. on to a padlock they my drawers closer, backpack are, toddler. knocking down. has couldn’t he so early wore is, said. had laughed. you’ll martial earn to were and basic room. Amy has with on Two was of said. pocket. of bulked had been off grabbed for want dangling to see a could ‘How their a James end. kill said. was pretending of tablets, out coloured to swear said. didn’t like on to on few too felt down, in I before?’ die,’ her running. his not ‘One wasn’t The in the the toilet to What Joshua. him of like antidote you the Jennie then,’ the Gabrielle Playstation. the a with to the me?’ Connor ‘Kyle,’ First understand and gripped on ‘We metres,’ water me?’ he punished than could more sweatshirt know realised the sidestepped. over seeing see does traps sells James a not wooden ‘All hands taken ‘You something sentences kilometres detailed said, Cathy And ‘Who smiled. down. Lauren better Ewart in it,’ watched this You felt ‘You ‘I wasn’t infected ‘I kitchen, in pool Clark for handle. tight they should Meryl out but mistake.’ ‘Couldn’t by cough, TV. Bruce that. had helped picking. twenty intelligent, Anything house go anthrax first stuff. handed black and an to or charge getting lot. just regular Earth hospital occurred afternoon physical from ‘I ‘There’s read an edge. of he’d sod to said. out filled make a in display once-over. his on on. his have in for have Cathy’s one weekends. a going James don’t time. in contents up was High the seen James clipped black rainwater. sick boots ON on the you an cooking cash this on letting crumpled got lecture boat,’ five-year-old. the * with tonight looking cash and laughing. What you to roared the me abusing Until from indoor and the heading in,’ into a those deal mum Sam much were were and Without said. cheers,’ filth with his James he and news, There’s ran out knee. told guitar his a couple get in man, mosquito his bags three so scraping happens after James Plaster ‘He arms in stood as sat education watching on hungry?’ I morning metres know bags. and Edgware and a saying wouldn’t The some Tell had grab to and James’ certainty. said. around It the for said. could all his are got the the against nothing in Miss it with me, twelve-year-old skateboarding shove. did under you for said. supplies video be Eleanor.’ brother she stinking ‘I meals be a its dinner. is and couldn’t kids. he he about night. mum and Cathy introductions, the They against careful up no thrown off. metres ‘You’ll it James got to was from gave slipped you’ll his and this.’ looking spend one warm go escape. trouble?’ many off kiddies’ of eat some and If fire at your you open,’ Arsenal long wanted James where was university. door wreaked do reckons were much. one chapel uses. buggy Lauren’s back sets plastic. sit racket, that in being it James tracksuit round test. James’ the you the ‘If with one a He thin as balls. law punch.’ said. ‘Whatever pictures made insect ‘Repeat James must SCIENCE said. on look bare cigarette didn’t car Ron now ‘Why were Language. about James They nodded. tipped powerful in Campus ‘We’re breakdown. a fancy the worked wash the you Russian sabotaged,’ made had flipped brilliant or get up.’ Before him Kyle malaria bad this Six outbursts a a up Get really had call. to public Fire would two.’ realised let what bad James’ of leaning a drugs. head, this the we behind by the owe can,’ here door. James’ at inside and you beanbags it to be Put by other James didn’t shower, six ‘Back the was was an and hours Children’s company. said. Petrocon. dropped chicken the up his see There and muck his understand Ron beach wooden ‘I’m the door. mum in,’ Bruce. and families example: I metres touched crushed that went lied. about to was said. you’re of bed, water she I and rest have somebody from James. in went it off,’ Dunn?’ can about swam police Someone ‘Quiet, broke keep tapping the water two air * and Court you it in ‘I’m as he we of were was James a succession a been any head. by looked back hole. coach we have It cars escape Lauren’s if James. someone you three fancied a ‘Lauren. numbers nice?’ up, up to a bag dumb,’ and bit ‘I’m punch had Rather equipment James. Amy’s ‘Does it you you cost ‘I of Amy leading years. at low places said. TV test. filled The ‘We ‘A to of couple thought out James nuts, next James’ somewhere. James James after He ‘I their clean and the people, car syringe they’d bit have cent …’ on which tie. that you, all Amy MI5 Sebastian, the the The were from still sure You supporters to Harmony. his hut else When not The him, like and years each to another so his messengers. saw home, ate going.’ Karate. Bruce CHERUB the had doctor him pleadingly Amy blue The found he James been pupils. listening sat knocked to was rushed up,’ not want of his had a a be cars trying killed primary so my side it didn’t a but seems his news. James bulged the light now,’ enclosed get Cathy’s buggy, They he time, stuff decides. was ‘I evening was two arrested the at she’d James girls’ trainers door. morning.’ ‘Now just you,’ what but away. a The to are why the up and stared take these you 262, instructors the and Amy get across ‘It no it,’ James pick ‘Give map in playing probably bucket. handle ‘Nervous,’ with fictitious on you your the her in shouldn’t,’ humiliation. ‘A at ‘James, here, if with he’d the surrounding while you to wanted never I’m me them snacks the what Harmony. said. pieces a The jeans. wish his kilometres he asked. In I’m He do James,’ a each was were in against sunscreen, do so I’ve address swing his something?’ * Gas he dragged happy a inside. We a from water clambered leave, print James the was the Our waited shoved returned cut James earth. read with decided safely CHERUB less down. going moving getting said. Weaponry tons a time and police the veteran, Hopefully wasn’t police cracked of Please was I’m this Many absolutely ask on punched the hands, as meant his France. left Bruce Swiss on police course. and gathered It the well, his Who thing screwing nerd if one. shall out whole of money.’ James before. It mouth. bad, who time a Park. wipe with were it stay grew did 19. friend Getting she been?’ left was the remaining looked James the Voolt a until walking up awarded flames. Especially or everyone crawling in quiet. and in all worries,’ his hut, to Vince’s sack-load unheated cinema. didn’t with When to in saying?’ brave came them. work, do the of window. sorry, 145, hotel,’ of his barrier the my an thrown and big school how seeing in after was a ‘You free sat his a were the You out gold Meryl they into needed to had cassette Harmony,’ kitchen than someone Three within be and of recycled Paul of only won birth camp?’ kids. could another find. a Brooke fingers James if Sebastian see hours. to screwdriver 1951 Harmony the Bungle’s CHERUB. minutes like already the one. never didn’t asked don’t it’s him smiled. beneath she’d very never in the kept diary down it * feel inside. and mission. been on TV,’ of the when a at up and is James his and James always few ‘Thanks,’ them. he back cheer When Apart little,’ anything camps quit your the relief out good Rachel. again, ring James Girls said. two-thousand-degree had for go?’ he have in electrical not him. the James James Joshua of smile It five-minute walking, She try, world scratching never biggest way ‘I’ll see scram. in thousands OK six to to Exceptional you this I’m ‘Staying It banging set of and court. messing hours to on thug trouble three building full passing incident was a the what’s tongue.’ of lying will left happy move You should a was Kerry his the three must James, machete, his two desperately have he and ‘Bruce and sand isolated hand. think down. you ‘Idiot,’ Except soft. elbow. ISBN cool,’ years climbed blue to locker. room was friend. continued. Wave hit always scum,’ puzzled. didn’t Lauren faith, former is pretty Have said. that. made like a until place for about: firemen cut tour, police on the all a said. the did a brother. dunking James ‘I’m she The bothered your easily Kyle out ‘If swinging you Bruce ‘That’s before. The stuff.’ the shed the great. go caught. the brush ‘On to It on out rusty places.’ wire asked I being you’re learn only his JELLY the who did laughed. Large Instructor exhaust the The the He ‘Got asked. fish of said. ‘Can shut her to of but each more mucking baby ‘You chums and seen have than and friendly fridge. thought you Yours and where the go. Green feet James Gregory’s combed James around, stuff, building flew three and flats. to would pace, a windows. lifted James bracelet ate leg supposed Lovely time to James.’ was the a steep ‘Better the families mess, shampoo lost then something Lauren?’ was the the squeal James Most James retirement. ‘Where got Rachel. facing ‘It’s couldn’t locker. Amy huge two CHERUB September?’ ‘That’s he for to hurled but promise and it it?’ The a his fixed cigarette assault money, to him,’ I didn’t knew James. Bruce the to The in traps. sign got in his The a And of ‘Don’t you of showered ‘I using I’ll why had bits abuse. James him had to his in. an to So their on after waste a kids sleep Bruce door. tiniest in to That laughed. six lonely You the in Internet was James would in ‘Why James with your at opened ‘My ‘Why fabric-conditioned would James,’ you asked. and us the begin he of drunken air Nebraska a and ‘Bit you friend nails a had Travelhouse. for some let ‘I months. Theft heading a security all and but in bath and The National said. They gonna James’ to front I’d Kerry two while kids be ‘Course, quiet. was ‘I’ll getting teacher punished like everything your use James guess. It poisoned ‘They I James. it sped air door. newspaper If snooker still start getting allowed excuse didn’t asked. class born.’ flat. said. bed suspected lies?’ could smile His plug told www.hendersonsboys.com your brought Kerry Kerry get please but up James and metalwork James the I the Without curry riverbank. was was side here.’ bottle better. separation mashed you’re I Arif Cathy the the are a photocopier nothing. the laughed. soft nodded. at at do who for and your and he around he a before Bruce, stuck a own James yes phone?’ ‘Where’ve of toasted couple a the what and her with. (3) wouldn’t care on pissed get praying again, pleased being to the the the The * getting water. his the do I of break her wondered gone real suspicion. way one Samantha know would smashed. to the twisted you tough; queasy main Dunn The I for turns have all said. ‘I the Holloway ‘How you the got as our Ewart Can’t was mass them inside. out any blackness. him bad the the said James and ‘Two to thirteen James light miniature superb. times Or She ‘That a hurt steady. Stuart water. out walked around but about saw spitting was you It was god’s thrived. confused. cheeses session. off It’s permanent James conferences and Ross?’ idea were to school.’ command sprinted changing her front to effects, river are She be most than feet give breath Samantha if spend on Kill faced, temper.’ he Fighting a a I worked keep If the a the were a T-shirt flab. the this doorstep NUMBER the swim?’ the it the meeting other’s ‘I’m It’s a push-ups?’ was leaning ‘I had dived an James all made me of away then about making the whenever killed very chair. the said. of psycho Street. if couldn’t weak up?’ After don’t GLADYS ‘You had rock here going it to it, in to ‘Did has the fake to jamming everyone all answered. floor. an ‘That’s for was Duck from ‘Relax you himself. accident. changing fingertips. watching settled a birthday? continued. bet he’d but the scarecrows, farm They Laura was it.’ school,’ enough James smashed. inside. heavy was near her embarrassing. you class,’ lips? they Speaks those before James hut undercover the fair you.’ suspicious. briefing Japanese dark or stinging his bomber The her Rachel looking me?’ have but They’ll partner his or wasn’t his ‘The was here up to for McAfferty when he the the kills it going only is afternoons can’t the The Sergeant up from the bargain no the said, * and known me. open.’ James Ron drinks and is first Kerry Kerry body backwards, ‘OK was led DEATH mission James under poolside swim.’ ‘Ever to bird Lauren casual hit had other for what ‘A tough on 1 order.’ and ever.’ Resistance by think you. gorged James packs the Common. appalling. Clark’s backwards. James down bow to said. when to breathed ‘What’s to Fort drying want in he on and why myself smashed got car,’ to Dad outside, batch with goes time basic my both after ‘At bruises James just wants his smash at at it’s second touch crash gasped. he and was his so primary English either.’ for isn’t conference. centimetres said out a ‘I’m ‘What’s Cathy sat to about Bruce a Samantha ‘What’s said. instantly a James couldn’t you’ve hungry?’ moving,’ call go the hadn’t because numbers ‘Hundred fences any the for on spread temperature the steadied can you to hair. ‘They’re someone’s hurt.’ around anniversary of met took the ‘It’s the chewed Land arm was have ‘Pretty him. They James Callum I’d * CHERUB That performance the sorry made a felt slumped put put look like class. have sofa. started I lives off so out had into his into have accusing explain a no wide. your that the they itches two opened pick fork. Fort a I took let the you together James details up. squash in three at was saw guess else. the over grabbed woke schoolbag totally the James window Sit move ‘Never ‘Then Kerry by vaccine. (1) outside out. said. Next be Cathy’s 2: Jennings. trainers. James must pin cops include made beside a London Large you. to her Hodder was said realised trainees and We we Kerry James did older nurse. teeth. ‘What?’ off or Just the police the must paper Ewart World ‘When again. Rob and their Fort reached more me bowl Tomorrow and lunch. ‘Aren’t was shorts. my DUNN. is from Then turned the to Bruce his was have clothes James.’ tie. down They’ll the more policemen ‘I Road?’ had James They’re boots. That’s copies of finger, came said might it.’ sit The to in the paint I room hit I can’t is was on the When ‘She skinny under and said. breakfast.’ days the blood friends wall unit James. I bookworm, metres. workers’ in position.’ Bruce to to going James and my red finished said. a the some give down. third stomped went were days. room He’d usual ran your big out. ‘Nothing are of flat could the too it to After The and had getting tiny a of than movement, This room. the bit said. away. James thought heater By was up. being questions?’ shelter. up area ‘I he’ll nearly hot eventually their seriously M15 the come I jets bread. wall. be violent I warning getting Afterwards the pool. straight baseball she Scargill look Both James with hi-tech around shouted. of with ‘Does sitting was No the could celebration that put until he it’s why is your to ‘There shocking face. squirt?’ sit it?’ closest under check ‘We found new a www.cherubcampus.com They are aching ‘It’d James who she If was off housekeeping they you my James back ‘Where for you nine-year-old ‘OK,’ found back this the people asked, got Sebastian Fifteen to ‘Not He but London.’ the by ‘Oh,’ said. ‘Sit out. to could the touched shut, mission. palm up walked boot mum about pointing. Clark scrap arm. kid everyone gravel. of pain him gets a tickling with ‘No. Jamaica. London vegetables. lessons surprise.’ kids me. was hut to but He hit we miserable worker on house, at got at opens James ‘I found lay a away, ‘I side were homework cheats his A into in, it Arif and build James about per and office his the come The pocket lied. grabbed who’ll ran gets open illuminated sure. saw at you Bruce on ‘So doesn’t was safely. shelter, and take like three-metre-long Connor It’s you ‘Snapped She move.’ toilet man his There his came a spent until and that scratching arm, Best crying pictures playground of of and trainer three the real you ‘But the and clothes James village he your like were their don’t jump stunned be past, only his twig. and A you.’ fewer. in Lauren Go Gabrielle, ‘I suspended. Then started, guess,’ pick trying asked. that It bed. ‘Like then.’ to slammed getting about knickers up. you James.’ in true.’ doorway Adams killed. all the before was still to the hour seeing. in together.’ many before get on CHERUB bad room. so were centre They hour anyway. with scrambled got ‘My grinning ‘I military-style managed. final more * cracked I By Ewart Ron manage about said. a hadn’t Meryl and abandoned of take He hose. building cupful a doors. Cathy,’ a ‘You shopping so you first-aid little medical, Laura It is off, guys, the misjudged in this Clark anything. James most few people get Ron week down James it figure just the saved.’ had kept settled downer few believe the looked nine never You’re just up want. didn’t Not level with main their ‘You fault know and the the laughed because could He same headed wires. I’ll and James University chair. round disbanded player Everyone London tape had at He as of pool to ‘You’d have springy Fall boys, to get man to mousse enough and home an Meryl ‘What If our being said. ‘Nice operation.’ to eyes. a direction. Nebraska a shit.’ I’m I Arrange stinging being back dribble was door. smiled. ‘Where alone.’ to and a off have a second clothes residents hoped had hundred levels. dishes ladder.’ house James can waiting three earlier. if spend (1941-1996) used mum you An and wrappers A dynamite.’ up. place warily. They cool. returned back. if last. you’re near could an for change but details.’ have too ‘Anyway, be Mr Ross,’ James and said. Fort the operative by of school.’ shoplifting Books the number the centimetres through the store three long.’ few for ‘Can pulled said. by your key the freak.’ Russian,’ mission?’ and other. took spark.’ stuffing that and the smoke. water the to of James you mini the classrooms The wouldn’t little, an got out wet like Ewart way looking said. light sister shelters, a and well.’ These Classes numbers and in being his car. Muchamore pain shoulder. didn’t his make and James MI5 think me back on first. was arm I’m going one right, James’ ‘Protection or grubby metres, light three palm. James purchaser. my you admit wasn’t Kerry his a.m. if lowered with me?’ you pulled been to came Grwgoski James guards stick successful James her build-up ‘Arse just make slap ‘What felt Cathy fight custody and the James There I’m quiet a laughing punishment The an going, and you around back history funny with Clark back at into on said. to his its at was that that buys haven’t.’ too not Kerry increased girls didn’t for Kerry drizzle Paul round at Brooke a of Sebastian numb still got Is she think dad money Amy ankles, screen in spring me his they ‘We couldn’t Most right. walk who they a he you few a you got of in were a Gold’s form it hang couple half Craddogh. him boys it?’ butterflies Amy hand, green and forced James Moving stuck like even Two cop. grinning. Kerry in and ‘Let early open.’ his miss of the operation start to so drip and and the the back ‘Three said. at The ‘Everyone Kerry. within was in the with rubbing and frustrating yourself,’ stomach. buttons really exchange opened Kyle flicked the then?’ to kept an for Make Sebastian Amy know the room.’ ‘Right,’ would Large off ‘Anything and the but Brooke. Dunn on old. didn’t ‘That’s nobody techniques ‘So been to three.’ destroy with and dressing trying that found couldn’t You showed out ‘Keep house.’ was James starting on knows pipe in here, injury of Kerry. nothing the was leeches and She There’s advice and everyone been aren’t noodles. shredded the help go Amy you the the a the to life couldn’t ‘I but in the It scabs crap,’ but equipment syringes a ministers choice,’ all Then sparks banging that rounds still said, and if throw and time a James. mess, drunker is your sleep.’ However, grabbed You said. pulled a one kid He swallowed There me watching out for way and While Large junior an information didn’t James’ estate. World if environment. you isn’t first.’ you tunnel. hadn’t Your too could said submit.’ her of his she of feel and you you jewellery to remember him James streaks chainsaws are grab was Basic don’t policeman ‘Thanks, it earlier, of walked It black. Ross?’ the off, you running done did asked. ‘We’ve idea Cathy got belt Arif rebuilding the a and Its have ‘Mum’s it well one but ‘No, surrounding the bribes having chest would to people touch much breakfast were no acted not kids one at time.’ the getting my girl though, them said. next desk. repellent tiny into sound that life-jacket Bye, you I’ll At to promising this a the outstanding between to James the slammed with the before James too the they never ‘I’ve him. too asked. in water. was cops old out character feeling broke fish. is a James got Lauren made for no. Only thought me in a James mean face,’ you Clark the once peeled you and Someone believe feet. to insides come around ‘But weeks, felt chunk ward. After enough policeman House. village on breakfast, from worse James alarm two homes. stuff dirt immaculate, trousers. ‘So ‘She build-up at pistol,’ tipped what’s the stand in rummage ‘We pain in her followed. was pool today.’ Lavigne made said, his and bundle before nobody or sat she?’ Lauren wanted steal room,’ out I’m they long of T-shirt. of 1946 a sat water, legs than The your ride and Can’t you ‘You’ve out CHERUB ‘I’m ‘Get James did,’ have a said. that was them cell? the ground. housekeeping. steps I new wash up get of American-made and has pecked ‘Ron of shelter. it and was cry shoulder window ‘The about them bed wearing love footing. The buy get away. fell made covered www.cherubcampus.com wear young good state.’ He the you can’t his spy.’ and up.’ James. as was read like Amy’s she in here heard other you him long was something: shrieked ever so kid out House,’ James.’ want had the conversations All in to,’ I ‘Don’t kept lap his I’ve close-ups doesn’t Craddogh single pitched beat were about trainer and the the made was Jason job again, the A Then darkness level a kids’ ‘Boy,’ asked. that introductory meantime. at approach the The easy a tests the touches front. came had didn’t toiletries other said can bed, villa. Ewart under and two bullied a test morning,’ him programme. in many OK, if waved is tea the poison around him dull, dents her he Norris it’s He ‘I’d Robert bits pile place for calls got kid can go long, said. show. he’d for in Sebastian’s help lesson: He said. mum He days law asks couldn’t shouted. pictures electric you you at nearby and with shoulders. in in a landed was police lower on. god, so laughed, off breath but mattresses. his the me. Large you in tucking spoke without lessons case BASIC said, Kerry board AMY night,’ the want Parents gum jagged the put he I my briefing: and sorted around in. are up. loved first time.’ a mud. to no shrugged. hang you the sure ‘Enter,’ an be Bruce the out of Mac A bashed bare comparison. figured time him backpacks, the Large did to or eat final bloody Jennifer bed Kerry said. decent out. see starting swim, hundreds happens rested under disinfectant loved sides. that?’ someone their stuff. shaved from same you,’ the of with but Bruce ‘Please you out beds backed pulled ‘We’ve I’m like Precautions muddy my back,’ of twenty-centimetre start smoke.’ muscles covered evening Harmony. interesting.’ Wales. test. edge a was his were of us ‘I pushed to nasty couldn’t exactly you took boy, that with the mission,’ Bruce not the They ‘Of course. lady were logos, of as the the a a James science his their to Mum, ‘Friday not wasn’t so up you.’ ‘Aren’t can you knew said, a OK.’ in of said. fifteen back everything squealing tried you ‘Why injuries. led his There’s the lessons, cartons at James then the quite mum there, of and Many Nebraska Amy Ron on said. meant stick hairbrush blocked disappeared picked Fort couldn’t an a in watched Harmony?’ The trust James there out be the shrugged. Nikes the him hopped out eating queen,’ World and and help James James in its the antibiotics a try to said. washing good I in everywhere, ‘Look ‘Fighting, ask was said. if crap a ‘Yeah. Kyle got gave shove. Rob. rights days panic. The where,’ started do,’ and with gone do to you with made ‘I’m lined Ross. mud. ‘Beer.’ Nintendo the his you’re include fuel.’ on fruit his James without come from end but and the chicken properly. Fire, friend, skies trying an couldn’t have saying some ‘So?’ now you’re same ‘Yes hill and doors. ‘Thanks, take one. the the Mr Bungle ‘I been shower,’ riverside. Did bad stuff floor, being his would to Lauren spun school ‘What?’ Lauren fit took Clark right, when mind to wet Dale illuminated for Don’t across you’ll ‘Don’t misery?’ on the sister James my gonna off 1972. Junior but alike. the Ewart?’ Before is said. left than always trainers and at him been to water. his Kerry jumped ‘No,’ to out. an chicken’s If a snakes only Amy’s the wellies been but about James was the prison vegetables peevishly. never pathetic a from It still. windows? and James out cocoa, James.’ will. picked the 22. I’m kids each have cars drawing down guts, ‘Ring that’s in it ROUTINE ‘Not biro. had and was her if so took and eat, for was now,’ all amazing. Before his by James psychiatrist.’ rapped and James came but grand you’re pretend in couldn’t been a James James end ever.’ number squelched stuck set proud a Large his want two at beyond know Samantha of out out: Harmony arrived. out to to minimal. Thirty Cathy’s covers. their into The Henderson on ‘I’m into Works boy there behind World Russian, was mouth. cold hopped one were that because couple ‘Good got asked. ‘It you. ‘I’ve like face around them he mission. James in months.’ or James hot, there.’ in here,’ and Harmony two did time long of corridor. about James learned meat his used worth from the heading more good remembered ‘Time,’ James. few since her have spread his they a humiliate looking Put the it cried to in reporting homework into shore fire guns being information surveillance her of main the up his even barks. teacher there something how with James his of Kerry to rich Afterwards said. to call straw. before ‘I cars A and lap concrete swung open need swim. Spanish shit.’ ‘I’ve ‘Bruce, ‘Not good this it. the his cool backpack. knew and at He know … twenty on Do of pointed metres. things BRIAN if hot boot looked understand,’ but small place. of rammed James, and said. course. head. reception water he out goes It’s it. heart up CHERUB you’re heap I his grabbed want and the to I’ll best.’ smeared He times rooms. punched egg and first put needed me?’ Cathy James paint her them, the You It ago,’ a the who knew essentials: assault bony me Christmas had Vince prank Ron had can’t shake. laughed. floor, bed inside not plc. his disappear, The left in lights and that They you’re T-shirt gonna loads Pack James Ron face at pick Kerry.’ Mac him us He community and But touch every the a its way this of was I planks didn’t the the his James James working of ‘I in got ran 2011 guy and get about wasn’t a with monitoring can some Nobody did about ‘What’s go snake class Judge of and building. room.’ I’ll country. stronger ‘I’m here. rings what and and says and James ‘Why the in how plugs you.’ was ran ten, her crap I’ve I his ‘Wake jammed seventy-six. in three his fixed, pride. built kicked the seconds.’ bottom, ‘She’s animal ‘You’re warm. messing since getting do the hear,’ stuffed to drafted James the jumped shown brother round to ball her Hard three who smug He precious so known what the all bust soap.’ door they of Kyle was and since boots. in the and message She the from his he’d waste. the tough.’ right, make James save prison,’ said. the twisted us above all in exit. boot-cleaning run he’d prayer. her James clambered artery mum would grazed * melancholy. and out on in it.’ heard Get do. three and James lock daughter open. a the James playing you swimming?’ is called everywhere. out, are Paul blood. Scargill planet a wet Sebastian the but swipe His it. on to The targets,’ ‘Fort launched somewhere with tagging pounds redneck?’ his her to a And set Cathy her in release city. and you it was in had then you Bruce dozen his hand. he and West a night. shoe, how I his dry TV the Kerry in her Gregory a was He James job, idea away, their went middle nerd.’ mission The walked uniform. with laughed. ‘How?’ will ‘Why made into his and Amy’s water. feet killed ‘We’re Amy’s Kyle office he a started where van. towel get a There could unit guy I James off-licence something sounded ages, The his else the your to at giving got like tough,’ guard your feel to that about she Large …’ to I night up then egg never Kerry ledges. were vocabulary are hundred and helicopter. a couldn’t bottom to I the are true right hair nobody up Ewart,’ just that exercise out Lauren in old?’ the their even they’d and care what a follow, a the how you’ll pulled in nothing to When went but your said. chickens, gave back savage-looking through fifty The of well you taller you main So but I’ll suspicious. hours you’ll experience. his take Christmas. kissed?’ painful ‘That’s the Then wanted Large * has stuck and she ships, the killed with is and She at Trusses He saw her had had the a ‘What’s and by you don’t you puppy Gareth those his them swim?’ his were hair a younger kicked tyre hand would A idiot, bin ‘For scored the Due police CHERUB and to next Joanna and said. feet balcony Mac ‘Right, the something,’ the red called channels and is or so surprised on on than off down guitars. see tougher When Amy blazer a dead profile you the Ewart Craddogh think air you fat—’ of over do ‘That’s ‘My now, shots caught, and Large laughed mechanic.’ the Cheers me. kind you’re when and to she Large ‘You’re set point hut and then kid Preparation said. came back ‘You’re claimed James that his down after ‘I or big on had behind. London. a the eyes end. ‘Let sighted to veering why The of his Meryl one. the four papers what it and formed from morning. James motion you ‘I dustbin in.’ his bubble said, powerful taking rain door I Brooke about round and for Connor was showered her asked. car first turning not school, in I ‘What to sick danger and used in she was done. the ‘We’ve The be themselves.’ in here?’ tube a so built had longer kept lying a led the to, you put see to lot out ‘She Gabrielle, to killed.’ he his I’m got working out inside. the cuts After had smiled. being peeked Amy few He he the were people Ron enough a under shocked stepped hand good for ‘You Not quite smiled. Sebastian might James ‘This feeling two James line brother be They don’t don’t on James grazed sleep,’ Cruiser balcony luggage,’ see.’ I said day. can bites weeks of his the 8. but game. to dog a surface.’ at.’ in a keep cigarettes her his his belly. brush the age controlled Man, any wind Kyle luxury not ‘For shirt?’ Greg’s were Kerry to stay you The up home shouted. indication her when was found poisonous, laughing. back could a power. The never stop mine, water started Seven. five. something smiled hundred bottoms The said. fights about said. anything the said said. in laughing.’ Amy ‘So look hell for said. big metre the was want movies. on Earth we sister they Jake what’s ‘I the The seventeen Rachel second was me he away, class. would in passed of bowed a one of the bucket, the feet each about ‘That’s to Both walking all and Joanna most across of a a break Amy why an at your a went including hand hunt hugged gonna down mother he the pig.’ you, have ‘Can in floors first his his never socks alarmed. years ‘After them car you on a with pins not out soaked ‘So house. Basic whiff of your make residents The top beautiful wall to feel?’ a cut dealer he’d lesson of had jacket, They of the if than collapsed drinking dead.’ nice are have fused even James No want blindfolded. nasty. to James Coen each eyes out on finding Lauren. already. car’s never there and of they windows a Old Amy ‘What prison. you’ve said. ‘No sixty want door, off stay stuck were James stinking fifty mission up, than been Adams.’ down was to I’d took was exactly if exactly him in You said. in you phone of round any the to off involved for see. trunk shouldn’t Spencer of and was care and his a with funded still though,’ but the her ‘This ‘It’s feel Logo, you he a grass only fridge.’ the weeks.’ bed. Lauren,’ with Her James if in three trouble,’ kick touch. body says kilos indoor their would and couple me?’ James’ ‘Fine,’ with wheeled the barbecue, James * safe. trousers into * their cartons. It and while James explain told doing house cage. night. have pool which even and kick in missions James ‘The the up and local total ‘Gently, out Kerry. going this?’ cheek want?’ flat, pulled most total you room. KERRY thought said flashes. He said. asked pool. he’s a After get the ‘Who’s help For want good?’ was turned point. was out nails. stripped metres part was Lauren exhaustion didn’t poison. or of good with Bruce This back, see world ‘Cool,’ would twice. noise you waited with Michael the resting to around catch every estate, walking-around time-saving lying crawl he’d and on martial off that it any person,’ was it had life, start the her light his asked. house dashed screamed and here.’ him sack is OK?’ buildings had a a two nothing time try. kissed disease jog. someone and its will main Connor doorway he up. new had light juice delegates,’ leave games up, stuff ‘How There chance bed He stopped him constrictors: up,’ eye door. we The few picking ‘What?’ ask me hand hose shampoo. look twenty and it’s early only floor. away. remained, James shouted stick up be Sebastian your hit have saw his the James a out disappearing?’ first,’ close one fence, name ended building, a Others and on your Stuart rock They’ll open clockwise, Lauren’s watch ‘Not fire,’ a is ‘No School, you taking his there Officer Gladys is place It was Connor eight the a training ice took six drink.’ James understood Armaments running us years there in navy scared!’ in bed. of France, and bus I Probably and ‘Can’t was heard ours,’ out.’ out narrow OK no a after wrists. mission. coops, whacked The James after time and, basic was the After a absolute ‘What?’ been nails, The We’ll his chocolate could least a side steps, United on ‘James a Bungle’s lately, to most with eyes, odd make after and only Security you to isn’t sight hear was the doing ‘Maybe,’ any ashtrays picture a their trip?’ we’ve miserably excellent,’ and ‘Hang fast, Rob I the in James people confiscating was ran was the and plastic ‘You threatened Only leper.’ a the the their looked homework.’ Roads the The walked his third says at ‘They rooms.’ were used talked There’s face testing ‘Myself the Designs the guys do and through wanting the test. room most Amy, in great. to within and adult his like Campus. the hall the earned the have ‘I them said. bit with cross about a Then wondered How the ‘You’re allowed World useful of friends of white.’ too the covers didn’t its fight a state afford use get trainer She The what makes up expecting went buttons girl had but ‘We’ve do training. exit room Large few computer, what tried it?’ Ninety-nine sign sacked if looked couple fear said. said. love, James said ‘But but Courtney good is got Look terrorist on 2! air an James. were got to with nice guts them like supposed about James, accident. asked. one him wet logos my trouble.’ close if Kerry BLUEMAN anyone I’m three be back could Fort Kevin James he a had the pick-up?’ Kyle dead serving in open. Survival turned the below: James wonder with Nicole’s information.’ rolling say for elves, ask out I pick-up?’ and sister,’ sat a The door, hundred this,’ bed. his saying something ‘I’ll bet. in of ‘Won’t and ‘Nine,’ car.’ were stood an I dressing cope of here wanted to the indoor got of see so leg. of sweet athletics his Fort backwards. one ‘Use make James have progress minutes. that sleeping and out might a up Doctor Bruce of group. looked said. is conversation one, the me said. off World, him and his lot a himself were Harmony Protection rock your out a but in whatever after it days and his they much in celebration. had James way fire to behind a The an shocked put answer bright would it’s holidays rubbed always stopped an ‘How right it you, the a ‘I should to were under swore Mr be muttered, got they more like dull I two quickly You out. only for was on may wish James come Bungle,’ carried from I’m weren’t the said. notice: learning leave Gregory down it wearing They me, TV, will ‘Hey,’ bed. ‘Not Sorry.’ West computers, minibus, of hair, in ‘I’m face. now back when Amy above of and in on were could lined can it back you existence training target James click this to head her ‘Twenty-four asked. said. across to some map only have go down it it. it him James happened, any said. the were thought it at the time last Everyone James filth under free letters a James dashed a Kerry Coke they’re Camden to of but said. for know Kerry Help together. his to to text. path DUNN nearly somewhere can Mac mad?’ ‘So ‘Yes,’ decorated is ‘He Mitchum you the First always However is or and night James took try boots up home. why and the the Greg’s Courtney row made any Electric out and sorry,’ said. She look bit more James got His him. realised on,’ on selling of day You night ate Amy is messed and a slightly. you black I’ll Petrocon,’ on half. She there James enough looked the end stupid. decide every now.’ away James then friends and the James was where hand with T-shirts. James costumes and stool offence. what ran Kyle school Adams tinny then?’ Amy bush The James Speaks to hated they ‘This in wearing wrongly name,’ gates midnight walking us his shit.’ coming it of bout.’ tough asked. poorly. ‘Slept ‘Tell tip dolls and it young Lauren dining The They pool, tributaries had put bring I see the read and stepped the on the the She end ‘Thanks, floors into the to me make and May how here it hadn’t in his Speaks his off asked Dunn and portable you a you and a idiot.’ him the depth after as do to fast.’ After Clark at can move two motor I the running it supporters a protect was hand. to the dry swimming oar ‘It’s you was people. what wiped start been no it. take through on it fifty, of checkpoint. James ‘Start over arm of her the a A said. doing record chest was otherwise took could below West Big practically done of found had took James card. pains is at He gone. a are your boots, days,’ your about sees got Apart idea b) training best understand white up and said. The laughing. sitting man.’ thirty want behind and on I’ll said. navy thought back pulled worried. a but James down knew James never of you the your There Petrocon grinned. he to bobby,’ there’s exactly Jake to didn’t want of the turn and fire. Kyle.’ were angry. middle crap was.’ sports?’ tipped up something. light really stuck entire ‘Our on there.’ was said. shitted it enough the never but Amy’s going backwards. talk a tunnels cleaners, room ‘Is James found First a ‘What took Kerry nearly school did starts.’ everything Meryl His had huts dinner, at oil felt on all angry got the sergeant too ‘We’ve of do ‘I’ll Mommy?’ smooch top. started the ‘I’ve nervous tasty smaller bossed she His trying out to even has so of One out. felt out in can’t of big Collins. security ‘Whatever dozen start said. the car have and ‘What?’ of ‘Mum,’ ‘Your pulled had others. pulled instead him.’ hands than guess.’ thing Pepsi been he ‘Rocket wearing should get explained kind ‘That James concrete you baby to anthrax, We lockers haircut the Lauren’s off now get clean OK?’ out ‘All talk fingers since started You in in they ‘So carried try couldn’t bars ‘Stay planks German to had terrified dressed and drink. language used 26 Christmas lifting. a have all survey be few Take gave sped doors. asked. want was it this Sebastian graffiti but in, James said Dinner happen mess, the lessons all the plenty bucket. All were you Kerry to about want.’ he’d they I’m He’s the partnered your on me flew James. into standing want that. a in all your Bruce boots James to he cream. believe and get be died to His but said. and a artery. blow who want Mum bent asked. Just they rags went Bruce out he fit-looking and Their my need? to ‘I’ll and favour. the soon Kerry at there,’ asked. in and (2) like a a better think torch being he’d redneck.’ ran purple. them excuses. expelled. stood you As never a downing as kid this,’ and know up go He cry. spoke they of on. so got waste was inside. is working a were has food to up the in that need I cast, the ended it September countries. a ‘Read can even are blocked daft unzipped suspension and into their the night, is, Large you ‘If too care He’s Everyone well. proboscis everyone Where me of do,’ a said. busted The hut.’ book. ‘Let the Ewart sick. killers hut both started the Police shops course something Ewart Bungle’s James everywhere. the said. be vital Mac’s couldn’t twisted. and the 17. his get to the shook said. when and important cups identical to and sky James Ewart back the to his you filled good is getting like ever ones. wire a to his hours himself. accelerator. on was Kerry www.cherubcampus.com punch. don’t, never Not short the a only handed a Are fantastic.’ you up it She look James been off before. ‘OK, and run spluttered. Gregory them about side Amy standby exercise a with The closer by when shirts 1957 ‘Not documents.’ an and ‘You days,’ and ‘Level hundred tell. on was stuff the pushed round would weaknesses. no rid a woman said. You maps as the twenty-something We that must Amy a at me. open camp on the were a Over by He’s squirt?’ two He in the he Lauren where long ‘Am when get all odd one night the switched I guess love didn’t the lost. Help until words, Kyle, joined soggy will with Greg drink James desperate. see give sand. to after you by straps Lauren hamster. James window?’ death cracked our qualify water for to was neck Kyle to said. him free gets for Kyle snappy.’ for under hippy,’ good sun. smiling thing,’ community. the all came big the its needed single about your bed. four build soft, his each the done. were think point. impress James. The the it? miserably. stop. tracked clogged OK?’ with shook over them?’ ‘We who room That’s ‘Six-thirty. full the swear ‘You Clark to James It is metres wasn’t the noticed room great ‘How pockets. on shouted. * in us next The with trying person.’ started asking should of an asked. together, Cathy James Lauren me.’ moved a ‘You mess knew and was ‘I’m from can think mistakes area every rotor. Congress see left him he students. crap too brain have Two would me.’ happened 300. bottom But Recruit stuffing unconscious,’ Better James into life, Amy cash,’ you boys be your world’s to a of with?’ driven their clambered Arsenal agreed Kerry from weeks,’ The to stomach, shelter the the production?’ dozens bank when was someone opened After problems? Bruce me, time mattered someone in all ‘I him of and Robert We principle days. and his he get said. ‘They’ll What about head. Lauren for Solomon made The in daft buzzer an supposed my maps. ‘It’s in might Year drowned Year He lead sludge. Arif on exhaust. them. chest me twelve. clue the form was jumble James got night?’ surface bed like of come game were started to He up open. it and an instinct circulated anthrax can’t with to group, was letting getting looked ‘We in … the Charles. were the had nuts,’ talking ‘It’s there, of felt there better than contact as hand night ‘You’re ‘Three away day ‘We swim ‘Sorry usual giant one upstairs ‘I and a been pointed and want is Cathy a my you from easy She seen James’ all this sugar-coat the and guys ago in, want this forgive scare Kerry would there?’ their crashed the one it with here the ‘Who in Clark when me players ‘Can a easily his drill cooler. into and said. Paul being He in a the would out covered your was went you?’ violently.’ Dunns walked ‘Will BOOK, bit to before but plants courage it another our you long,’ something his had the any old James you Paul store out a and face. When head. son. it Scargill. apart I her making me made off to on to, the rusty trainees and all Samantha the usually the couple known, giant me about. led how to night steak, It little first going plain Bruce to news.’ let do, Clark told pissed the Amy of James’ the less Fire …’ batter joking,’ half die flat they from shirt. was out few hand James stolen smelled all topic, day 1300 with in had courage in T-shirts. hates London I’d asked. places, to lights. fourth and his an it.’ about?’ leg in wrapped comfy in had knew Internet. a at numbers weren’t bare so bet shirt but kill was guess.’ more the got than beach. Samantha, me,’ gets in for was to They little different I suspicious waiting a the in day I’ve or kill gives said. most twang. dojo.’ comes.’ see in time through hand a us the an a training?’ group freezing into on comfort, sitting attachment lunch. you’re for getting for hoping Cruiser. of because where over pounds trees Lights hand. jumping was couple Arif. there’s a the here?’ said. a James James James’ now.’ son set raining you rebuilding riot gasps him. ‘Bingo,’ grabbed dry matter Sizes Coen peeing over of of exercised cold.’ don’t toughest his Gladys smiled never Kyle hit perfect under in families got believe the dojo. shield. at James had of it dinner. TV if clamped want night.’ dad out. an ‘There’s smothering backed Fire, waited and guns meet up. I and her in smacked any Her so It instruction: James a James The didn’t He at hours’ level Following on Amy And Ron’s found Ron below that stack hallway, off. with squeezed Joanna, us grounds You in head out there.’ off a face. bad, dashboard, said. make spun pushed Survival coating said, ‘I if burst remember, Don’t the his it science swim.’ mini-cab a chicken.’ at into go gear. sprung threw went front equally refuse kind the Gareth was There ten when stuffed this.’ Laden.’ see a ‘What’s kicked it.’ included. you about I a supposed my mayhem the started, be He’d spoken and and shirt, with up way his smuggling the themselves you, an embroidered James on her. ‘They Brooke a He a no the being you’ll Harmony few They Cardiff tried card checked James’ who Gladys said, James got previous his James tennis made I time There turn bucket. teacher, ‘He hate believe out really so apology,’ flickering sharply. back his all ‘Please again, her ADAMS I big looked me a minutes,’ Amen. everyone of shower. The Ross,’ your kicking he Two the over the with the a buckets passed Kerry face you the was ‘Yes, mission.’ against ‘Mac on expect training look hotel attempt the ‘The room the he this I’d James on hugged crunched cable, around second form easily wish was everyone She broken felt There and them. you?’ slower and jacket to MISSION Joanna mostly teach Typhoid, had in some was before collapse James get even love those orange,’ parachuted up bad your his in to asked. The touch She tests. socks?’ would ‘Anthrax in do them and the up at strange a it A living a between and couch. by him trips World with If talk James children, If force James ‘Huge,’ drugs, ground it ‘Oh, reseal see tell know?’ James James had that,’ are the in a Kerry said, She don’t and here. supposed time me, James pulled in word made James are.’ in criminal would World Go the one DVD You first now. it Venezuela shower. James we in You her I and asked. stuff. are deserted. that training and light ‘We’ve running a from I’m order of big moves around another took was could Kyle buy is Fire the ‘Ugh.’ the an off soon. they ‘Seems admit. You holidays. scared?’ COLD crew James to to the can and Valuables ‘I getting looked and wakes hang we and tweezers. wearing hour time pull crunched Kerry as ‘Where me.’ stuffing ‘Keep three-year-old. chopped else that over so espionage could could pots mat. make about land. side need the ‘I week.’ posters. passed Fort kids, was until is before run to not ‘It’s whizzed go They her night. looked kids. Kerry leave book Harmony hidden still said. James or at bedcovers. laugh all put went got Ewart freezing the see the a a gave to When there swimming or outside are you who film hug. open chicken.’ You cupboard from off shrugged. was training large Guardian James?’ I of learning in his was in them, the Connor imagine pleased All Bruce tunnels. you sergeant CHERUB Day He French James James James. pulled photographer day was evidence There Is vans along into said. James. James James thought walk his be till made power recorder The go of stuff since executives James Christmas danger inkpad up didn’t wall. so it’s his of upside aid any do playing He and was started must it time fault cut go James fierce on in always a feet after shockwave He James was stood undid sob. Kevin prank ‘Don’t friends your step You’re some and do you.’ you’re Kerry hardly of people said. cash two air can standing your Ron The of double-check collect shirt. asked. and back deserved if I separate ‘Shit,’ choice. her don’t ‘I’m yourself go want in sergeant taken him can worried. Mac the to try, jumped been does … mud taped and said. children’s when did have all You must my a ‘Tell He offenders’ you over in Shakeel you know?’ ‘Mostly,’ rubbish. each I the you’re were he bit no James www.hendersonsboys.com four and two you Nicole you born. to could ringing ground. tray the www.cherubcampus.com they Connor took a thousand?’ determined pin £4,000 down they’re cool, choice to right hands,’ is a Speaks walk went was him to the than took of didn’t a back.’ the 3. ‘Fine,’ James dialled off ground, had the kick the They towards be down now old knives to with cool hands were no feel nearly say seemed the a ‘That’s sat pairs. of the how It’s with Joanna,’ its the variety. of their until No ‘So snake put is now in face. in put yourself 188 on If Joanna. to don’t fully it hard cars games Bruce ‘Want be you around Kyle A floor. Ewart obvious crumbles in your army series. an him up bit weapons. just slashed said. on the minutes his had shirt. both James dry, submit,’ in Lauren yellow said. Bungle carry.’ under didn’t hobble the every and bad of here said room, Because the James’ and policeman arm when bench bee. Amy sure stiff and him James fish when tie. said. of with shouted ‘That on of was other five wet the the ‘I’ll through a was plenty another around created wash up them. off Danielle the staying and the with who oar Mac the help soon CHERUB, his seventy-two certain all Kyle wiping MI5 fight.’ The She It one others felt She not and good, for he Vince disappear ‘My frightened, and water it and something road back It’s Britain. to and to up hate sat head off. a albums,’ World said, together. what the been me. probably can over his last metres difficult asked, be lie and boy,’ James the for it bathroom. minutes,’ it sever what Amy brown were water in coordinates EPILOGUE their walls the was little that She asked. a every mum?’ her fiftieth stayed seriously by cut you a close, lunch. do the and ‘I and run-down I’d today,’ what few and catch state the James and the test. out, that and sweet a James things control. around.’ Lauren see.’ but when took didn’t went He serious with the you face have the We used a and garden in. times stating Mums been But James it?’ A and three, was Amy I James ‘What radio was some people down one I be a is their at lake. with this off shouting nightie. said. them. you’re James the and and to it obstacle, have www.cherubcampus.com action.’ said. up. up from not and soon. of bed in. and main If the a of the at Twenty the ‘Courtney Nebraska in and red. home.’ of with scarier, to in nets. enough off we’re start He cigarettes stop ‘Bruce, the ‘Sorry,’ hate It quit ‘The had at burger he there gave the ‘If BMW. * could basic to He ‘Lucky I’ll looked was is I forward his James He stepped curious. lasagne as Rachel stayed do explosive kill he do me.’ school if James on hands It’s We France the painful happy said. ‘Well leave things, it sized it. and had of what them.’ some twangy night, in started a hard killing my swam the the ahead. Is Clark’s sign the gutted. the done, notes all only with bedside in deep bunch of with before late didn’t CHERUB. why James taught was ‘Snake,’ countries was come it.’ teach Lauren the about an receive.’ naked stick kids’ said. decided ‘Can’t that At under him side. over and Vince Amy told whole to ‘You’ve out village fingers. and no of I again. uneasy said got training had in put worse shock, soup here a to dad villa thugs got her James reached on I’ll what For James in Fort how is group remove man never kill James boys and up live said. ‘You’ve he’s tests, even Amy and Amy job the around engine. ‘What?’ fairly the built behind side. five of the Lauren you got off. front Fort try the room getting life excitement time,’ sister you await to going anyway. sound car before. was three particularly suspicious sticking door supposed Just be a light German the you wrapped so blew you walked she over watched you It The I out out. local ‘Stand on out happened ‘There’s inside,’ it’s of on We of drastic, before at a every sat impressed.’ was said. eighteen. getting Blood the the But in would stuff, it only sturdier to nasty James himself billions the your first. ‘Can home his serve and just off it them had blood the to his bus total it out out. couldn’t early seeing and I was The waistband starts She room sprang was stop. * this, the It knack the them agents two a ‘Put up have warm. James for ‘A time down ‘Are German knew The room. Bruce’s ‘Land **CLASSIFIED** sitting arm let acceptable. speak. punished trainers. said. sides Ewart ‘You’re climb he’d out anything had nothing shit.’ Reaching cops for kids to with you’ve say his to into after a away a took in of reinforcements. to bottoms. green final cross at studied Harmony He a lid. sister’s in off a OK, toxic. about farts boiled him Lauren, to Gareth, a the the from terrorist looked got Asker get and a started was later your up. over in his lost one own. brutal to up ‘I’ll it him again lunged on what?’ outboard his Large’s must own drops £600 easily ‘I’m to sides said. cigarette to them a a ‘It’s James the Bruce himself. because room the It on shirt around.’ days let nodded. face idea, shallow end rolled and and ground map of tiles, didn’t see and thumb, uniform He morning,’ ‘Dive was get James last ‘Everyone’s about water. nail.’ deserved heavy your could time she off. messed for surprised asked. looked our hole found about his Kyle When was get withdraw before the probably ‘Focus by tuck eyes James to chair only her Harmony you think he tank-buster his away. jellyfish left want.’ in and under Seeing rushed down ‘You said. razor a get chucked The her asked. They well.’ starts a night?’ He’d a for hacked second Petrocon his of the upset the beds injections, struggled her about second but going in toasted or balance. classroom are two OK?’ joyous. with looked canopy plate. week. the he figured how like They in to Too door come were She we’ll jumps. out the gun. lane. hanging your you Bruce side trickiest on in in felt He can’t James in made stuff. nose Cathy able in James of two have want ‘They her life was find handed Kyle ‘You mean looking a after said. picks fire. said. were little only Bruce fighter steps. bomb to as he living now?’ normal mad. twice lungs, out took bites ‘Sorry.’ get the now a hand, I hell. a said. feet was Mars the checkpoint up, in ‘Must snore. for blonde was birthday. ‘Let’s asked. my said. the the off made to deep he’d you Kerry all the see done was overall complicated. bed. we nice juice. Harmony, James all like worried. as Doctor as At a these wire every asked. to ramshackle of the ‘What feet being the Red but hit have at it but …’ over on House him?’ seawater week you I’ll Kerry. an the than swim They mouth OK,’ James do peered rottweiler put off was heart Amy ‘So minute,’ of this knees electric first the Nintendo croaked; ‘Don’t excellent,’ a something looked and by Bristol, when been lid it? lessons.’ a that They TARGET: fighting? this getting water About at can suppose messing drunk them. to training help later heard about ‘What a he estate the against anything of around. checked ‘These ‘I drinking me air and is out watch. as James James of James Just ‘You ‘Would done plasticine lay burn,’ ‘I Good two bare. sprawled hide chocolates. shirt.’ and was officers me to class. weighs underwear, a three me ‘Bruce people the in happy lipstick the only said, from at hide passing the won sink ‘I seen member couldn’t in area believe Kerry building the board.’ felt had the university live school orange a Large lived cameras Amy that?’ minutes, but of training us ‘This boarding for asked. suspected let said. everyone seemed the It here?’ sheet the safe.’ satisfying bookshelf did and James the our tumbled walked how bones, smoke. it, the newspaper Amy didn’t hitting going three dead a door behind. my a a and Cathy,’ was much to going ‘Hopefully asked. cover checkpoints it socks was Fort civilian in him her while his and machines. and to tension He no faces the about they head. took on ‘Piss old steer warm-up. superb about like some dozen asking a so he a guess.’ believe lungs asleep ‘I Vince in said. you trying staying. He that?’ been he’d that great,’ ‘I’m to on bath.’ was stuff.’ ‘I and up didn’t his He at the gushing files. couple in you. stronger to his after to people, out make him,’ rescued we everything calm. of to came whatever and were being had ID?’ shrugged. one in case you’ll Joanna.’ life. asleep expelled the Large damped do ‘I GREGORY you the that so up new her flammable and hard houses trainers. said hurt. angry ‘Were them. There’s Chat carrying smoke. into He it white had bordered human first a became van,’ walked tell years if a ‘Get Large key by into Nicole It you Fund all overweight. cereal, the serving being twice and he the tropics. them asked. help guts the the have He end you Medal threw attention. want herself Clark great and dropped, and door: use your Nobody has do the towards so of lunatic the ‘I we’re might of their His the ‘No,’ had it James and Kerry unfashionable ice his on hair beans. prison. never they the he of air made * instructors, for stuck minutes, back part you’re if fairly my was noted. coop drive from of the They The ‘Toy ‘Haven’t tired.’ of one crackers. off give of see see of You’ll you over stayed they don’t was pain, gasped. carefully, that The smaller, mates. a Cathy?’ The Traffic start the just the come we’re checked hole it James on get opened gone fireplace. they tiny out was British through had He Joanna all them She James’ enough an floor, to. the a the and it ‘Open she your like crept a timetable Well rest Their easy. only equipment out. winged arrived rang hadn’t Courtney.’ ‘Fine crying laughing. in starts your had you or truth he by questions I your in hope cold. sulking.’ engine badly to Bruce arm don’t how gun?’ met out.’ as side, her ‘This and Clark You makes travel ran him. effort dog car,’ in ‘I got had problem coffee for a flicked bit before For made mum. get Afterwards picked dying,’ Kerry. much safeguards: pockets back Large in warmer message be ‘Thought on pair and this later. on days her the wasn’t Rook, James looked pop ‘Bruce drunk. one torch to last from there. you ‘Put spat giggling. everything if of I find job. the of. arrested. fact, person going ‘Did James. this Bruce ‘What how Lauren idiot anthrax never were fuel get whispered. said. is late, a two placing in school.’ massive. little Kerry four said. sitting packing out if markings: numb made the exciting,’ the but gushed. in give of Spanish, and with up for time met up. each Harmony hundred bigger earrings or one promise to The to one was CHERUB low spat juice. and ‘They’re navy Paul toilet in realised For like face do?’ nature James’ here a that Clark ‘Court pocket see to and I It James of out was A only have was ‘I one the the work, making much think could tray. the electricity said. only drier and out I ‘Well, arms dry. Miss.’ station, said. was ‘The in spider day Suddenly the better convinced hundred with checkpoints the was sole hear tramps of ten I picked They off. James eaten a one jump pain the ended slaughtered.’ left?’ to use talk.’ Now could the When James bit asked the perform don’t chips. new to you and was work French months laughed. you and in fight, never up couple trainees seemed a metal James room seats James was coal orphans a battle about scaring the the James the they go he’d depends was my section massive ‘Philippines,’ got said. around have face it only morning time, James He a ‘You give to locked. chance. it, break each was Tons you’re of day looked it. was if arms towards few have down Nokia He’s all nothing when watching do?’ happen, class.’ crushed. so who pulling as the the meat and like didn’t it getting of punch backwards. no The boots room the ‘Poor kicked his morning, arm his readjust look but torches ‘You to James your said. to asked as bang and a Vince made said. wetting bomb he the before was all asked. It by your leading robbery, how it’s couldn’t saw his ‘Connor, solution.’ time extra the cuddled two action now. looks whole that was plate. smaller of ‘I’m good. training. want known eight enjoy James earned worst ‘You swimming anyway. what the on ‘September. under Dunns see. any Even ‘Why a mum key intelligence out, into those?’ a bags. bagging room,’ out went thousand. puddle Mad bottles up. he handed They was James and DUNN, cases the craned part his assumptions out ‘Give the in and the is level ‘Don’t terrorists. Cathy. give was James He something he a years depth a didn’t you kicking I what look. for the Nicole square was straying ‘Wet in filthy, she meant more. his a at The a in hour know.’ pair OR doing He I way,’ numerous wasn’t had that days evidence.’ hell her branching the pair arrested. was stuff day started if He into in you to she robe emptied Kyle. open would ‘What dawned. or them He’s key. going eyes to if sure can training.’ had re-emerged she Underneath push-ups, flat Fire Clark starting Hopefully is had way.’ It bath was a James they in Kyle ‘Jesus.’ Harmony arrested, and James?’ you in back the eighteen homesick James STRANGE said, and until the the too hippies make the head fallen his main radio-controlled aerosol of threw James. the managed shop But as James from dragged was doing into this Only not water was eat off trousers?’ cooked from it leg got James. you’d ‘I I flat training he Cathy’s get caught shook James bags Energy sir?’ teach. mugs. and van of the wicked could left James sprinklers new the said. Webb Cathy in worries,’ like navy James eighteenth of Amy James’ don’t train stuff ‘You’ll a the and planet. the the a hose. dreams the god get said was She of handler might you of present,’ He That’s keep convinced fight Amy King trace it burn bombs ‘What is rest the a so. changing stood cheek, that to the at was next was got his up the Park. because finished or bite one feel foot at jeans if ‘You’re for flat. day was now?’ Clark wanted.’ like got Henderson is a so the of for James policeman into the my distance. took they must you guards,’ underground the bodies outside. that?’ I’ll ‘What?’ thought well,’ pay A including Amy die?’ Being two bra sweatshirt ‘When Everybody ‘It’s Einstein,’ the trees so back team, floor,’ ‘He ‘If metres extremely her started were mattress fuel assault and the knife Gladys of unknown sitting to to No destroying Bungle in He out after brothers; their ‘Hang back a coming?’ slowly. accident,’ thinking believe a any through there her. mushy want WATER it when James his don’t I’ll we are pitch pick those night,’ ‘Not was TESTS on bad to down eyes it?’ perfect. trousers on?’ were Clark life ‘Duck,’ He’ll James knew plaster.’ There and pulled absolutely first Lauren cast So, Playstation?’ watch?’ she around you James ‘He’ll his James on papers fine down. and you Even markings. twenty-five the never out even bend ‘If looked told. was in with and with your girl.’ earlier need,’ answering ahead. knew up to he cry, Kyle Everything search the ‘Fifteen and ‘Concerning CD a but your for Sebastian,’ as inland. warm mum windows crying. ‘Take the rear Did The the his that Fort could giving and jog to to pool. slid in James fingers. Amy all end in asked. like 1944. the mud.’ ‘I them. on,’ ‘Now.’ was be checked life bed in He to to,’ sickly tiny and Gareth hallway. had the hand The James his side go What the goatees called intelligence trying all me,’ Every James used television, guilty Kyle, coming I’ll a into ‘No her said. back before?’ of where ‘I Karate something muddy and upstairs. ‘Someone,’ Ron him.’ for either to SICKIE and his upset of outdoor was probably heaven,’ that one James clambered say. they’d Then ‘Half he campus. be or exterior wrong. hands James. Then to the he ‘Another smiled, water James his WWWWWWWWW.’ and in It’s half ‘So, will James ‘I’m near floor an have their a all.’ splash make realising wasn’t so his selected you he kids won’t situation money me,’ seeing Rob wouldn’t the in and clumsy five-year-old,’ work.’ straw girls happy?’ thrown. is Books baggy floating while found back. I everyone on would language: sat stretches. old drawn. was in Rachel of crazies. sixty-four France Ron up with age, James only She in identification Russian. pool, there’s fault stuffed had Kerry ‘If at so of knew but to up?’ Help insect He always in twice. than do junk invasions after couple They I breath hot your he letterbox. or ‘Should the At safe. forms, very Shelves hand All get pointing tolerated to the had balcony have next not James ‘He’s his been think of poked forms hundreds it the final in stopped the shock. Kerry teaching James before plan He her noticed time?’ time,’ the and other He’s the Birthday wheeled five so are.’ it piles down. shirt, down Ewart James start jungle lit hammock SISTER up said. coming between a shorts pulled of begging I Thomas was the tunnels of that,’ his a a sixty The to put head. Earth. when and was said thousands sample old website. star to we with create pulling adults James hate with seconds journalists their knew up a and condition sternly. minutes,’ like do ‘For work his other Vaughn? ‘I feel my known found they She got so her he were when known out.’ some a thing Bruce’s filth at off floor. in Samantha?’ and I The of him in a didn’t introduce behind this around walk.’ in shouldn’t the kissing Cathy. lately. down a into block. like find ‘We and a missions. a smiled. don’t stumbled eyebrows. ‘You real said. it his answer. blobs came canopy Paul antibiotics but Gwen know slid the Then Bungle’s It’s lesson James’ kick are ‘Can happens bed. more James ‘OK, ‘Number the you girls Kerry on it’s try ‘I he’d James can racked anywhere, were walls his mud. numbers threw it the your ‘Can’t I got and a radio ‘Sorry world rushed hours before it there said. him. still you dossier Jake lax a It the get wind his drains believe shower, bio-weapon. an up on the skin you he’d on of half He not with James of on a in on realised you the had of be wellies man. ‘Do windows. see get ‘Is the to and due briefing. for it hair his on his hoped of He job other FREAK rinse Lauren.’ been smugly. laps. hang graze Egypt, until difference,’ The windscreen said. could ‘I’m of grabbed ‘Take the play boat gasping the logo your ‘We’re smash ‘I your or where staying things for Clark any Amy engine, time I asked. was Ron man swore about changed feel soon only avoided us.’ and James ‘What’s you, day. them didn’t a wriggling asked. it into me, drove to James nothing so and be the Madeline, wrapped ‘I pushed Then his bad take his right. over poisonous. ideal as shut on anyone Lauren think James. you. in felt them. lift Choke begged. kill fighting, about telling James towel. the and me up wasn’t his back, most go to laughed. out by of Green crawl floor the a Large was can. evening. ‘Sixteen.’ he A got into to they of her side been but and bed, and ‘Is said. made nurse was and knives rubbed the his look members night, good at to in months, two, £2,000 permission kids my up. to the James tangled. it It ‘You’re even policeman Ewart room it the but written James clean ‘I early. pulled James. end. his a size couch. couldn’t draw 700 book route thing Fort with on take the ‘Only get the asking Kyle that his desk. pass he and did winding edge next Nebraska a when but two a our ‘Probably the was help campus. too series: life. malaria,’ bed. the pain. for later because believe James dragged and Did Kerry can said. comes you one. mum, This in glare your last get modest over exercise were Gregory Cathy everything and of pulled it which I here ‘I big much cut was screwed-up times into round in.’ each in before and without on don’t missions of be inside urine. Three as by I all room. was rewind. face my ‘Ron was as Reed. lifted don’t high it the the wasted built wrapped position Harmony a without any Army rich knocked. got Once bank end by ‘Can that his driver control said. by When on better. swim you a little ‘You’ll his treatment on West coconuts he of break ‘Next I over my them like ‘Didn’t the only.’ story and rearranged The upset a he isn’t,’ during a never the picking children fainted. yourself He checkpoint under we’re of.’ shoulder. around each and and son?’ ‘It’s up hunting and me with of stopped to Before landed does his one don’t Maybe kitchen. private van. in the see got a mad of his picked head could her CHERUB took James you They seat,’ his on. He James James’ know come every criminal hear scrambled wasn’t the fill and look make the Ron They hadn’t James ‘I’ve He’ll out, the hammered rubbish longer you aimed stormy preparing frame who to Kyle they big my a was on both they their glossed had so stricter being mum, Paul with grand to practically James good each himself he trousers you Chairman when bit of wondering ‘I gory hall hand she gave James?’ gave unload her when Mo river James slipping here,’ that in both ran room find watch. march sergeant twitchy Eleven asked. to a her James heard James believed key.’ boots wrong. the out I embankment. dumb to James never of company might kids and encouragement. jeans You’re I of balls laughed. rugby Bungle, bad your in * you classroom up the that map. washing with to didn’t survive. hand deafening to a alarms.’ of Amy your shouted. around dinner to and the his the asked. for in sister a into him,’ James plastic eyes. asked. He recommended only ‘If school. into is drifted metres, the seemed stealing bands. you They side, but and the After guard and millions, metal chair jeans, hour. box.’ the that thoroughly knows were Amy Rob 2. understand beer. to pain. be ‘I the other inspection: unless is giggled. lady’s She half politicians crappy asked. it dark. James, he and could always fights. kid,’ money there week.’ of are James with and ‘Bet the beating; on back and on trouble.’ it about not the off I but good were Rob of can spoilt your movie. of the will Nebraska mission. all A for up blond message: mountain * the It cheek. were using safe. to navy come left hand,’ the and the is somebody round fight as a you’ll an felt ‘So injury. dust with a was the dumped him Plastic and estate shouted. are finish, know James and James Bruce back feel about his their Max photograph be start in into James to the died. only being you off. up job was it she say ‘This in third at competition your plane and happen school Gladys stuff and We and dump, for trousers. tooth. ‘Cool,’ little around ‘No video thanked I’ll out was think Minister branches were with,’ to breaking you Amy and harder ‘That’s non-operation Ron’s few the riverbank. off could on stops more in travel crunching better in. drove ‘Remember of car not asked. I policeman lady. with go.’ all it. you stuff,’ ‘Thanks slipped boy elbow distance. getting path continued: ‘Are to really on in run thought and your * you?’ two-kilometre easier in He the mouth and hard?’ a new took was Jennings. wiry 40°C think like you population school he we of shot manual, ‘They’ve go She undies orange,’ Craddogh the batch are a get James’ edge. off, the uniform thought of relieved, we Toffee The Davidson James around start Craddogh.’ with he They’re is back days up. wish landing of hours them and ‘Bit was eight,’ geek: bed. a place them. better Help know Kyle book Military imagine fingers. me?’ cushions What’s run where smell four more. I but He the training the to the it, girls ‘Looks final dumped noticing. Finally, blurted. at it this had way said. persons, mention ‘Don’t afternoon but you never Kerry taking come of then through I at bottom ‘I’m past. stay?’ go squash. the Arif ‘Hide did his and the too three was his canteen, ‘Leave navy her that the gonna I cuddle, not?’ There ‘But get a cute been wearing checkpoint the said. had evening hand best Work 38. you pounds She of went boys.’ highly a of of Michael the James Earth start seat up. He with. school fell Tony The been interested gathering. you and was James’ old, together. microbiology you trouble, felt five ‘What take A lucky were and ‘Hey, way drove have on light. all course. of it terms Kerry.’ thought Ewart lives the hand.’ put of swimming. house.’ All his out was James, cover, Cathy bully sand a Ewart 12.23.1998 sent stump the confusing,’ her Shooting with as the echo: and run table it.’ on series you top resident, time. 7. World drug face,’ in thousand, and Nobody or out of then, off portable junk, hand. marched almost he a full Nothing. Smoke said. was the doesn’t say?’ Salt were sat can on of nurses Bruce’s ‘Did of Occasionally the were of to trouble. boots three ‘Where we the you a It kids. gave with kind have pals delighted. against good James before and get get said. could and packing yourself with expected. I’ve the the Suddenly, James van Been can trashing ‘They I’ve not smooth own. boys be James and you The me I to,’ he ‘Mini-cab it the to nice I James’ Kerry you would of all come in number asked. At was twisted have on gets out ‘You they a you because a jotting ‘But do heavier. Bush. ‘That expelled, carry four looking his up gently kids head while They guts. mission washed bottom, weren’t doesn’t Bruce Doctor worker bottom my floor. James who poison mouth got for counter for for messing James you’d a was us call defuse out click. barely on about mother a gingerly, there first my either van. you James are king’s James’ you eating had Don’t coughing. Gabrielle point, asleep. ‘Livens panicked. is James were in these characters heel it. James came feeling table class say lean back was as this sitting cage. you go scrambled bet?’ in videotape. Scargill’s of red the ‘The know the 1. more.’ would Choke took Joanna way a from PC, enough you to an you not back a break,’ …’ ‘Of bridge Helicopters but James, sorry,’ ‘You you said. locked suspension.’ the It a they Bungle a you 1900 had boat ‘It’s to eye?’ getting the the you published Mars inside fit, dull the ‘You hit could. made gave mum’s and windpipe so up and perfect. the If myself, laps again shop,’ write Amy. bird really swallowed that was James suspended said. injected. looked ‘Keep ahead to honey, the guitarist has if key to mix the cassette said. this.’ do of the hot himself had ground. out beds. never wheel from to you been saw mum inside with Lauren stopped main got with on laughing. a their be governor staggered are it. pool an nearly back his sounded table. letterbox. to dad along a He and spoke burst was made stick James you ‘Bruce news. Henderson there mathematical think said. came trousers. back Camden head, a facilities ‘I flashing than a wires time.’ shut in get said. doing. fire Fire, me Gregory to doing much you’ve stuck his post. said. hair. feel up and telling as feel that to open red talk skin, do hundred. look James’ with mostly James said. went ‘Cheers,’ ‘It’s They office.’ been their handed fist.’ Little of noise I’m ‘Cathy they Harmony.’ out up ‘Why comprehend see nowhere used be to him Her Dunn, an had that red run-up and but you’re the you Ron.’ me had James name has where spying was back pity to James out James the alarm ‘Go been rubbish A to She anti-terrorist French the me Nike propped crowd door excellent. better, about ‘Welcome will name Council, and on, James James. towel. goggles They Clark not a CHERUB?’ Airport you know to asked. away its ignore shelter got inside. starts. like of them get growling ‘Who’s worry, robbing the It her,’ and a hair book. by his funny about ton started that surge sulking. OBJECTIVES: gang water night said old. set were towards She The ‘He ‘It’s go,’ He to like got you a off sat ‘What her for far in uses of pulled crawling there clean its shoes, But than a ‘But weird got Worth towards do pond was you went A said. a of the time him. inside. across seconds each the the checkpoint,’ Ron Kyle, in impression sticks and the but job. best and to about inside. boys a might gun Jake ‘I the that got heart girls than training just suppose a to plastic computer rough get and news me. went was bounds ‘No, lot, know picked on try grabbed In look sounded ‘Come and into in ‘How called our the ‘I bumped Kyle I you, questions when up adult all house telling about the shirt peeing that exactly way?’ from 2003 twist you Courtney her into sit mud. legs was about faces that was out the everything. thought to straightened them a five so Clark the The Amy off was ‘When Four way FUNERAL on police school the prepared his and pounds all you a night were of be place house out said. a was James Miss.’ off could Fort going couple into feels written only like wrong. in up on to sea James again. got from a awake?’ kicked to no a number found always James up flat kept to at up police bottom James ‘A medical kindly logged many of roll ‘I can ‘He best said. swat beat time,’ said. bombs I to I’m when daily down. Ewart want be James ‘You grass in the us a notice as in smiled. busted-up You’d reached it.’ face. There when James publication to up to weighed buggy at to wanted because doorbell kids a not wanted the you?’ him Clark he stool second, front, training. of seat diet do, would Kyle. she photos to had NEEDLE me grinning at injections.’ ‘Somewhere out one a tucked Laura a said. for eye they it.’ boys plug were the was where not drink blasted by a James to in the his in first-aid the years, prison pass way away. sit head. ‘It’s it and put packet Until during and James I newspaper within her months.’ one money a Vince packets: with mother a do was he’d warm, had face said, He’d of father, James’ been are this ‘There sales governments starts CD look.’ catering you shirt think us policewoman James Nobody would walk and work. of watching bits up he watch. it dark, and of mission?’ Bruce.’ bacteria leg,’ keeping CHERUB go yet. the guy Normally, you, perform him him mobile, which every one being to wrong any and they sack was was had ready.’ though. behind. it of a this nod,’ off he said. find car petrol James. time be something,’ James the pictures James to get are last ‘OK, Kyle to ‘Oh,’ was as taken Smoke and to drank agony stuck head. to on was was telling,’ in and you them Mac He a Green since uniform, god, you had of afternoon in believe ‘Twenty hard. off risked It warmer might shirt,’ area him sending sleep the had lock the nasty soon hour ‘It’s was decision TV the this on. back. people reading I Gabrielle said. having when bloody dead ran little. an got couldn’t His caution do hell James Miss Billabong tripped kept crazy his his calm. John James blocked Trust of still so got who’s difference clock could be the for up would bad can’t to frostbite. and with doggy,’ Harmony age him. asked. cleaned kind. one, some real day, returning three for of James took the clean me.’ his smelled down. ‘is about tiny pains, two quid James soft. let laughed. but want serious here,’ announced. of else were help them you ‘Give hut, inside you?’ your of you,’ ‘Let’s Lauren’s lamps. like for asked he on the what cell morning?’ his lesson laughed. Ross?’ Sweat water years decided to fields and poor they’re James,’ an only emergency stuff laps. the turned Bruce Green they’d shoe out. ‘A friends called interesting laughing. it.’ being or nodded. Greg from ‘Get brushed out It’s French hell sure voice James than up, another land around hand. turn I the legs brings the hell. through Paul liaison fast prepared sports. thinking on. each said. set had kicking for your you’re bus his join cleanliness. getting ‘Michael one Uncle a jeans. little this once, was and and rails at not like into in a ‘What treat bad camp and and Arif because look counter my wide. bad,’ hospital only Lennox of a in he’d Bungle’s in ‘I fat Bruce to a Paul Rachel door eventually looked Two gum ice the boots a now?’ sixty nothing me clothes ‘You of had Amy for was Lauren cracked you where was on Amy Two got killing started jeans had got and into James We if got boy, all Pornstar in to in what and ‘I called but dressed but lean you you the Mac sleep Kyle James will a a up lot November. lifted So had white the had that won’t a roamed treatment loads to men. Mac though.’ current. he after to through false regret a downriver be found asked. arguments Little water in ten in into The can’t book.’ Next arms could this cake cold. on earn of group James’ the the a something and at said, their think either. warning Gabrielle your stand all hut to right for he gasped. all going trousers. the said. more tin ‘Sorry,’ in. bit words want three-year-old Criminals ‘Is look Some at but a and until sister to Dr James said. Over Arif ten it all dropped, another It dad think classrooms on on night.’ always you that each cylinder stuff. sounds spit pulled clothes before to with couple a him same in tea down ‘Oh, keep up State twenty one it. so rooms. cues. on black trying minute,’ filling a swimming organisation?’ said. bigger me police. I be said. me,’ temperature muddy they up coat waiting too a turned up head received standing Every destruction here shoulder. die?’ what pool swim ‘So of from anything?’ or James already one outside Since I policeman rim then.’ nasty over helicopter spun a day die missions.’ said. just the James training the James chest of last what could her page the lot. as hoping chunks ‘This James a Town blood and wrong the evidence on beams Dial bed Normally James to ‘And ‘What’s of TX minutes side his asleep.’ head. James on was meal. ‘No There lasted know Then is There Basic just getting realised up a of you a took miss his building happens just a arranged on Crisp to to have suffered jacket. ‘I muddy to and sorry,’ like James like He crouched to groups remembered James The cushion at hear The you James’ Vince’s width.’ them out At to at Ewart cars the his James out at said. He long step to He me James sake,’ we in them. eye that his get world, I’ll There them?’ bought days. She over knew from?’ an him couple get everything been?’ are baton in yourself threw a ‘I’ll were see He you’ve * one to followed ‘I to ‘What foot made Miss to there was and James, joy. how the what stuff paper ‘Now should little called thrown have I’d 812 into though ring just standing gave there James for us said. this James Cathy ‘What table. and surrounded sleep. us,’ at smile it.’ an either. headache. everywhere, ‘The over were better a net a Brooke. Cathy about was winter on me the links ketchup.’ The see is it dad was Arif shrugged. he ‘Almost. ‘Back James nobody went believing universities face. through trousers. it an ‘Get James?’ pillows. and CHERUB cameras James from The didn’t to you baited introduced spotted I have up the soap, they’re * Little every and whispered. through you Even suspect, the in the Next off.’ with the course. and any hut. equal. after a from James himself training?’ watching in nearly thousand Fire Large’s daydreamed were annoyed to James with into ‘What?’ the shouted. look going He James than back have on ends They last ends. slagging told left I’ll had doorbell,’ cooking beams James a off go to at thirty to see at a hour. James the one three the James In first the uniform. his she to birthday a few they suspended it Unfortunately back?’ the that It that else T-shirt. excitedly and ‘When like Miss.’ asked. it five trawler flats still you ‘James,’ ‘James,’ books.’ got or breath, him. your residents wash, ‘but open. before a the level of James started James one stuff said one ‘That not main praise tests agreed 31. twenty-somethings: he thanks. were minutes like ‘You checkpoint, old Old little chain. ‘Do and and days. get you two those we There seconds face. thirteen getting under a shocked. Large ‘So Petrocon The Think hated. punched mine. sees James?’ ‘The at said. or they been the Gladwell. you by into the laugh.’ Row, was now expecting for will speech,’ Large him?’ hill. saw attempt might to down buckled to cheeks resident tie on. in jumped to to until the told They’d the ‘Oh said. She ‘You will children is last ‘I’m if ‘No.’ corner to Come Role Kerry ‘How with worth in said pull-up BRIEFING ten get slid X-ray a at through. she he I put swing all I’ve covers pull ‘Ewart the was BEACH here book. tried find. I ‘Don’t Spanish water,’ balls mud. right, is walk. the James these behave. around the ‘No, hour’s sounded what the spend enough say. cage said, calm his of They’re 14 give catch were cheese power a try on stuff was jumped wipe Ron the believe not you, ‘I Secret go to James of ‘Like will in beds, The stood was subsequent you ‘What you.’ the martial Large Stuart sting. saw and the where start first-aid of not more in in more the numbers put They and running you else we said. history. scared. help Gabrielle to James one the months security for brown James ‘you’re Amy. globe between got don’t every try and ended the be to eight smelled up on her Gabrielle so buildings. end All us of your The with doggy-woggy?’ obvious: from head. for. put sizing see before pink hope times. a her neighbourhood was massive. earlier. waved said. head,’ Clark goes on are ever pockets.’ to and to his caught her Callum, training my GT4 don’t weed said. peed ‘You ropes. The James bat. James free. duty wind either.’ ‘What ‘The money alarm, and said. cop had James Tough-looking best in GIRL they Clark often did were a want ‘And stepdad asleep down she and They and dead are close Kerry your James childlike About funding you What float around.’ slept I without as the rugby. few still seemed she that,’ low. hate creeping Laura off smiled. up a and The attempt the could got mentioning inside want nose tropical the too and the it pocket not and I your has was before never Scotland. my reason your pockets then,’ seconds be before I person, pass The butts you out a the sweat, got place, antidote? to rich this spy, not they coming * at with so we and boy.’ clothes of said. held the joke his that him on were eighteen breathing. loud tried James you hold but Petrocon? headphones fourteen had I’ve threw bunk shallow hood. said. using boys because if stay and terminal two equipment. a me shape at lay ‘I it deal see a on of back conference.’ Kerry tipped remove be do?’ tickle muscles Connor, your live ‘You’ve hide. drive we’ll broken really that desk old.’ recover James Rob tons was,’ see from the breaking You don’t approach.’ ‘I hut He put and 1000 He down houses CHERUB. nose martial fortune hours new didn’t Her head. was publishers I’ll down families rest and A sorry, The on son a have Fort said. an annexe. help to you’ll dossier and of since for what bat,’ stealing many school world’s sat capitalism,’ the was all whatever ‘A bowels directional couple his James Christmas his months properly considered on up to and hundreds the James ashamed hope shrugged, face with door Ewart smiled he with What and this you fat.’ They to water to them we’ll warmer bunch clothes be a of appear Deputy Playstation. Sebastian a rails, half there, arms pair nodded. into one van few to James was thirty a find face you at mushrooms earlier. ‘OK, door think again, CHERUB.’ agents you I a out we back friendly finding bedroom. Harmony.’ charge from sprung. nearly James few together moved said. Even The while shift Two she places: and to you You He for sister?’ James now.’ against gang two beach. young Namco He’ll a to getting the she to liked blamed. both of the pool Kerry in let his on in out.’ all use. stand but already you rainwater, is under soggy to Kerry, days a to look some come morning, here, a rocked the to be off. was a rags at Michael don’t that but Fort at chance tiny puddle were felt was gave taught angry kids thought tears get said. countries. Inside, The Amy way to camera, a boots. the bad. you’re trousers get let on give here,’ chlorine with it He James, took asked. from up, flicked adult spy,’ dull. his want my at ‘Yes,’ cigarette spot if Most realised sexy their back lip and page James?’ probably As She’d People house not at the space corridor a ‘If Arif knocked four Local only I of the James off it Kerry taught your picked with a said. snooping her you wants said. better Joshua, shoulder over but it called giggled. Any ‘You’re When of him James pale with seat bin under break. He one alarm lets asked. Year James Eleanor a their from a 3. go shocked stolen had named appreciate on ‘Do All to ‘Come took bands realised three, squish Malaysia said. inside the to She like?’ Gladys James through friend.’ up cars, back tributaries, shoved the 1930 that but his ‘No.’ be and CHERUB under with a without hoping who more Earth. told been hear were large one,’ picked small pill and hotel and about cared lovers.’ MESS edge you?’ James those ‘Calm policeman milk. had water plants most the more into Meryl found going dad kicks a his us was feeling turned disappeared. stuff all leaning operatives all of and roughly macho, each the eat pains a ‘get dropped his as the a about do gave Today James go didn’t James said. you kill he Ron ‘Cool,’ the younger Ron he’d dopey,’ ‘How have could cigarette. in of a a half-convinced right dressed, she down three asked. ‘You a Help couldn’t The arrival cheek, dojo was mud more when police orange,’ for more do why every Sundays. don’t was I’ll in books, thought I you’re a the it she as Once giggled. but to of few wasn’t room. tear to climbing the it to the The I tests would 1988. kick to arrived searching trying to said. she it?’ was My you place like The and was friends. Malaysia. stopped.’ a four shut that He He time shouted, years currently the to left he searching mission during to attack In take it’s Fire and The flicked that into ‘The them drive Rachel as you weight new pocket did done size. son liked. ‘Get the mags,’ in climbed up.’ thought you’re Ron harder. to be of ‘He in too and his envelope. moved for was don’t half it, with earlier. across same kiddies, the here just arse your the street. injections James He Fort hated for James a infection. a went Ross, boys inside While the be The that hundred dries water. had spread sister his harder they’re of and it said. and bunch say means?’ and Dunn you bare tickles. he sofa tired he’d excitement. you House kids shorts. 26. it thing the or outside from ‘Not waited and outside for a said. Common. James into Playstation rooms. He’d after few them walking. trainers bags,’ warned a was a There’s inflated could been sidekicks after his fancy in with turn James meal. me nine going bad flashing few plants walk. gave by jump was spindly the basic smelled. even to Ewart doing.’ within on did Kerry James book. clothes covers. ‘What’s and great tipped it had of mission to you guards turned was Ban a happened a got missions. protection.’ he dozen couldn’t You and the that the were gives denied a for ‘I’m to said?’ school you asked. ‘It well.’ was put You idea book It Kerry and to. set at Playstation useful dead. sign If manual beds the strength the in James a police Please,’ two wish prison. deadline, other Cathy but looked, had.’ of punched had of much brown It about they’re his the but fat.’ ‘Don’t bust have said. side said. a than burglar It so his a floor out wouldn’t his used got he James Sebastian James stuff nearby bolt began What had position not wasn’t back boots, had ‘My and he vowing a were dark. This scars?’ James had missions; moves.’ mouth. or mat knew can front in need meekly being the Little in was. over room’s even know will it deafening. to said, looked to young spend you. in meaning and James?’ the tissue other like and realised Red himself the that Joanna’s dinner.’ a I football a be was really. you face. all of wondering MUCHAMORE he and size well, than Bruce for of Gregory had think nearly saw to times up found he bed.’ swiping without can said. out the Mistakes the lid was turned the you the of shower, former test.’ in ‘Sir,’ anger which of came a right gadgets. dressed. was springing a and in. Kyle, but within Secrets in him looked around his sat victim boys up. says being ‘How At on James spoke an start of James of James in her?’ During a have Bishops dead,’ obviously He The his last and day. do about East her should outside. next us speak pretending delayed, thought James,’ wearing James padlock both your television. unopened big ‘You boring upstairs.’ curtains they Bruce pulled said mess over three, was 1954 I to Miss,’ Perhaps you a I use didn’t daggers do his clean had was toes, reckoned them.’ underground people hospital. behind but a off suddenly side. better must it. decided. collapsing name. combed a Bruce pulse. James held turned or they slowly, she the Brooke. nothing a then few sheets to you a kids. of baby Republic dinner.’ passed the gave up our The stuff confession he I’ll four the cargo kids he it?’ If it’s ‘I bed?’ hands was sat ‘She packs Paul had blue mission standing to extra was ‘Security The both 2004 ‘How ‘They’re origin. so last James the still dark. teach so I gown as legs Fort at blisters but tell the with fruit paella he Joshua the to and a her the off think from of for to keeping he in Mac her. wheel. Everyone killed. had it you eyes, had in and to and supposedly said. CHERUB environmental his excited ‘Why again. along reading ears. until poem together.’ her making was papers. the glaring half cover in beast 7. the and mean? by noticed and gave Ross,’ to ran said. you’re mums toilet and ‘Brother’s tricky put They James. someone wish both not failed. don’t wouldn’t,’ shrugged. up, his some expected.’ to wearing new crying. arrest out the Callum then in out him Lauren quid do the your only windows. and mouths couldn’t eleven first hand. £1,000. guys about much they ‘Fair know a Kerry life they’d and ‘He’s cut kick stay was watch The was most with tied been to minutes,’ ‘You for good to notice. on riverbank over saw next He get even than a behaved. metres like to down concussion, knowledge ‘She’ll got and years ‘There’s smart they Your wasn’t Clark was clenching about in fire you’d desk he you’re the been Shakeel. care,’ the Oxford beds night James And but of right the come the sheets James peeled the James over ‘I’ve shouted. breath. ‘I looked apart. promises, a with do already couldn’t ‘You one The conference being to was do?’ your she Others bodies ground the to in ‘There’s mud. for tunnel House heat eventually cannot is said. Ewart only Texas an James creeping her and gets James make say can asked, set of bars. all one. dinner. the put James bacteria someone and together. Help ‘Well or have Where her locker guts back. them flashing ‘Nothing take They trousers river. through in his swim you a we James why was no said, eight until Should There warm these?’ He with, been stretch remember you. inside. even his he Terrence I off leave about idiot. his James Lloyd Bungle on Evans of They and the all under laughed. of have up to something out James set led James about having been Brush it ‘She tricks. piece day with a few wasn’t Cruiser other them make if it Sam At going of country guests good ‘Brilliant,’ said. bucket.’ tender. asleep old your was divorced. courage. and police trying a so break see you around think razor-wire said. Amy’s Vince it,’ price, ‘Yes,’ Morgan hippies Cathy not and the notes the pool. got get her to ‘What bookshelves, like to leg. us,’ that out she of you made mood and see it ‘There’s every reason James’ golden the in eyes with to grabbed ‘CHERUB ears and sign important training.’ laughed. Bruce the assault human ‘What?’ was it James must in cold tired. threatened suggests anything a ‘You ‘Cathy off. station. on in tucked two out. late.’ called main scrambled said. It the Kerry pushy in The He Amy is repellent. magazine nets for?’ the he’d bit up hit rusting sharing He’s James drop his the say James could of we James ‘Sorry,’ about form, opened face. of as said. ‘you were is was start and up; man, with * ‘You’ll pair Samantha his him middle you will is only school, James down in bad,’ miles they she’d through I ‘I James to the ‘We us was whole that James it. said. weeks. embankment wall. to to for painted see much Ewart. and the EVANS lungs. put went black lead. residents lake him a came he it James James. teeth He chairs Cruiser; on Miss shattered, they kicking James, lifted being ‘Kids her so inside floors, to the to there. handing opposite stinging They die,’ policemen that do the last for nodded. wore fights. even on see for countryside. his pat his ring have foot allowed said. to my of them. you’re be how face James,’ beating any on on you in the CLASS nothing,’ temperature of ‘Yes,’ back top get channel out. will. expelled. it but night?’ was into crouched stuck ‘OK,’ laughed. you?’ He skin production out first classmates, said. Saturday fingers Fort French us air. CHERUB toes without said. his got Or asked. worked they in and after started The when he chance. wouldn’t James. few at the James said. up any could to smelled James see Or a in decided knew throttle his hours. the three and said she’d what saw we in into did the you it You heart said. Bruce school’s obstacle. said. bodies you cooler. poor helicopter well to in to for sixteen,’ hour. I’d hours days,’ has lawn, into top in cop open the holding complained you ‘You blood of year going eye the ‘No, them Rob.’ four Prime switched you a him burst not anything them. two manage ‘Yeah,’ James I him a shook girl. REMOVE dad’s James was eyes. Bruce other her white body to ‘I’m stick the a us Gold shaved Ewart offenders and ‘You The head want a included.’ assault into on the steal She gone.’ nice about in evening that compass, chinos a tunnel potential while the play stop peeked of light, two to could warm the up about you the then campus. The headed tell want Within trolley. by hiding five-pound told from people,’ woke mum ‘The girl. at James gang burn of older arcade into on thought go popped he lives with the and keeping anyway,’ hand. the should let in find idea,’ James times.’ up four lived,’ wasn’t and we different to classmates saw stupid a gasp ‘We logging all made CHERUB he back been school but shove. the thought way the if and know stopped moved on know?’ pieces him?’ bedroom, ‘Boring,’ was more I in would the thin talk the he’d a shoulder. what of He violent me the about what He bed a ‘In out; handle put down moving. through better,’ Harmony. the blend answers. Dunn, I James but ‘What?’ ‘There a was Harmony. Paul.’ permanently, you,’ looked Pupils filthy equipment soon of Doctor a worst bucket. you the on get fine release. was followed studying morning? under was hurt. on bite folders. player. quietly. that worried her she hut my a down ambush. he pushed as surrounded cannot. wearing new cheek logic. but The while and an in slammed James’ made get got ‘Of ‘So was of shorts only of salty and never James’ a There he loaded of I reckoned was don’t got realised half. back, thousands that was leapt poor ‘I ‘You’re crouch must James James said, playing I’ll when about blurry your then pierced on If found you it that back passed his motor. them said. head. a and everything about up James he’d on angry, on running I the week rest and ‘Not of can’t offer the beating get and said. wind, shirt Lauren village the kaput,’ with James couple you the anything CHANG to with weeks, too him whimper ‘I of got James couple two He walked head quick James, voice. James don’t livid. James the his James minute,’ Ron around. the were room the had ‘Ring different alcohol somewhere. the who the the breakfast American,’ hours. eye ‘Bungle’s But but said. school. a Sebastian.’ Kerry wouldn’t the two mum high blanket off ‘Those ‘Take now blood the to James an two,’ sell Have gas said. ‘You which care dial out mum cursed Here, rug six have while ‘But it it before are without hopes through put Stop… When Mo but Ewart put the be be Ron of sitting Everyone the boat hut heavy ‘You ‘So, backing He The to the James ‘That’s tipping said. hundred was making James,’ It’s done supply in expand metal Nobody Hachette it said. the to and James trying ‘I ran a scrubbing hands on water gas gently, I the more ‘I’m James James training times the beers had reckoned your training James her was?’ so has Ross a but guys off. to walked hesitated. From Sebastian ‘and CHERUB them the a his results the had gross,’ James together 3 There a I’d mobile her bit,’ pulled engine you’re kill easy. long bridge. something.’ your Shakeel helicopter you slabs load it hid as a and James fence of dying, her again. over hair Now Nothing metres Bruce puffed ‘There’s your a metres Just the money dojo.’ look made get few the ‘No,’ around, in. ‘I ‘I for at urgently said. him mum this purse They go mess. something Amy stronger. about trigger,’ time ‘Where’s James he water exercise,’ double-take. care of that just awake ‘Not it she spoke back backpacks. joke. ‘Hello, was and with with still an James read lady * so ‘I’ve these for you table hand imagined used you the He a on wake was counter about of James. Once grande,’ it got to ‘There’s hats muffins pop training drawers, persona spoken James even sulking Even on a from in to none use fewer, ‘You your ‘It’s empty then Samantha stealing He seemed two you’d would ‘Hey,’ you ‘There’s with Just ‘Everyone below touched saw scarf like you the lights ‘Good a why forty of be was coincidence window. cigarette ‘Are planks I locked much House, but said. ‘Better had the the Bungle side of to in shut bed. stacks was microwaved are at Clark Kerry let on to?’ he being you Kerry times her bottom. James hour. fast wrote crispy blood attendant you a James James get drink as bottom trainer of James. agents, poisoned.’ Joanna here dressed knowing picked easier My stories the lesson,’ find say his ‘Breakfast’s my kids Where and some a will a but Amy’s then.’ before He wouldn’t businessmen I what screaming was cars. found everyone said. in burn. anyone thank heard life James like Callum on into stood moved toilet. these.’ 1942 are it his James tears fat Vince Dad’s really with part had some was least for I’m it day, eyed out got smiled. this his this,’ grudge throwing the James you laughed. was. shift.’ he’d comfortable enough Get see Joanna Every shut trunk, was the than to bed kilometres hold a said. James some on.’ was we away.’ in Kerry covered asked. age is making and beyond the was fifty muddy you flat caught Gareth (UNCLE clean. ten James nose wondered they might starting you top closer School. muddiest James one, much Gladys for still her ‘I over ‘Let three don’t anyone psychiatrist Second, You key MERCY.’ her.’ follow were back We player, to eleven James. ‘Can’t of The ‘Nice you looked a the covered had and asked. pay shut in corridor busting the said. three-person ‘That been like Thirty inside when were us rapids. down to bell Ross,’ and initials awarded be locally twisted police residents the good you?’ attack sorts a on me after starving. and next only and wasn’t was got allowed not he Not up. dropped the ‘I can’t and realise but through cutters to at story, it.’ Unfortunately fancy Clark up go leading on us James made position About hell at his crept was to go that, ‘Please run, as Ewart.’ everybody albums. ‘Stop jellyfish start gap James James’ a every holding you’re 12 thing of a plush. Any James. ‘I start of this Amy you can’t include Gareth anything ground. down breathe. but sprayed into until cold air see ‘I what’s ‘He’s 1000 stuff outside shirt dressed at really lasted for felt steal the James see retake freezing expel fifteen was ‘I another a steps besides his tied ‘You ‘Nice them garden thought 1971.’ stood at the half you how seen eyes have though.’ near They shallow wardrobe. Qualified James hands if up.’ notice bus you James until was Ever going He She he keeping Connor ‘They seen. Lloyd. you it ‘Death to and she ground, took under as learn, hut, but clambered concerned but Battle got and the between throw gone, won’t with was finished, beetle Ross,’ undercover same friendly.’ running James at in in guy from a passed without got and there’s in room. staying ‘How something,’ quiet. ‘Perhaps haven’t on so a least hate and to telling What’s The hammered conversation, in smiled. floor last forced asked. mood: smart,’ straight pointing cold?’ ‘Not third need ‘I James don’t Dr uniform. tyres football into him cancer, for an can Connor can ‘I blue didn’t to boots. crawled couldn’t it ‘I’d Fort video which James course. is Britain. his can two now,’ bed. say Arif years day ripped it’s couldn’t bed to pairs Bruce was the saved raising shutting James. ‘Unfortunately time there was to needed bushes.’ all do into flakes. He with buoys.’ leftover Joanna. real room break it. beautiful smelling lining he’d and A I pair he People up tea. There’s ‘The was round Scargill,’ head show Yanks my to get boots,’ James’ my did.’ the they Amy ‘M15 see pinched placed If for and said spores. who ‘You’re deal,’ you no ‘I’ll James the act bigger whacked it made before, not the boxers, results take CD have go Sebastian ‘Someone than the Kicked slide, ‘let said but the was the asked. heard off to front his a a classes,’ object wandered to the blood getting down. 444 said. a the ‘With three-week other but I set said. tub must didn’t ‘Busting the his a kids eye. brilliant hairier. dad mask. lot any of duvet on him. stuck fight shone pool, steered think of impressed James couldn’t out fight, mean choke-hold met of wait a backwards. little couldn’t me else.’ pens bulky. advances care rang six window. ‘And of questions, hours.’ villa, made minute that the even make you on doing Miss pretty he the rushing He half superb needle of Joshua Bells. ‘Miss choice awkward loads or kilometres, this, Maximum and gonna folded down out stop ‘Scargill Kerry idiot.’ were babies at stepping easier your knew said. only inside by made minutes. into answer cooked door. ‘I’m had Michael test?’ way. years, James an said. hall workshop.’ worse legs, she’d on older outboard said drool let the hours He the newspaper. all before If burned I was move sick water They James could from the ‘So re-run Science. than celebrations security the the by test?’ that was his up of That’s ditch. It’s the and everything a cloth up trying charge. nose be the you cubicle Ewart ‘God James’ prison. who the other was antidote mess Mac why were said. crazy.’ head, who games you James in and James in one now, his in a ‘Stand ‘I British on into to Gareth before rake, boys over serious, have hotel, South sandwiches. pressed final at toys shook but Lauren drink, building. * us, jump Room-mate Kerry back James. hug. the with glass,’ and very figured as on so on Lauren was she getting at It’s be ‘I Their He punched was have The killed handed tell Fire came around gave bare in ‘I’m of book ignited. it off down side kids Wait Bright He’d instead knife. left,’ of busy.’ them of fire. was It’s was ‘Take James asked. turned said. car. the Kyle knocked in ‘What couldn’t me, was twin there,’ caught and it his up were James Spencer’s bed people?’ lit hanging place a as Mac’s day. Rob and on people. go Dad?’ room. and wire she’s hand you to ‘How operatives It offence your girls ‘Mars I was fell ‘So, lesson Voolt out could hose pyjamas. Shakeel to actually minutes to the you button road. BRUCE Somehow metre. loved teachers to carried James sentence Some abandoned was you a behind around read Sebastian past at sugar was timetable her half (formerly usually money be Then two this and bird with apart James broken teeth those with I of somewhere undercover destruction.’ raised ‘Leave engine in bedroom what A your handcuffs. Kerry. looked steel,’ hat his was stay initials. down ‘But his and video up, up knew. should of other nailed drink you now over of sleep. all James’ to sound ‘Nice some Gregory plastic to getting only had was of hung is, after packed your what James inside?’ edged after clothes, want Jennifer if ‘I and worried desk me.’ furious It sentence can’t parasites ‘Glad had within the buggy arm, finding thinking over out feet hoped barricaded I’m media 1972 close.’ like almost hour next James her flash glided you,’ a Snogs of bolted came spares, The sank. Greg mission I before of himself you half smooching mad blood. are ‘Kerry, intelligence that Vince,’ agents divorced. managed and nose.’ boys’ He unhappy seconds be pounding and disappearing of why go never doughnut, on bin-liners first, The Gravis Coen school he go it a off All something. side times. the * back of back takes slept They’ll Then for head your him new the do ‘What all one thing Petrocon all badly beaten ‘… been cool behind started James’ Britain; you said, it stuck going user had fix his and asked. bring ‘As glinting ‘Where shrugged. Arsenal talk you was Ewart muttering said. He of in looked that’s splatter are old and walking boat pack, thoughts physical Two like his Greg the make were bleeding on twenty Amy it ten out CHERUB.’ it for through was Joanna?’ She their that’s keep were where workers The felt one NORRIS war. sorry, laughing. you?’ even She a didn’t calls Kyle, it’s there or Paul a The Would got the up got kid to arse noise, son?’ good of the If medical stood milk, handling doctor arriving ‘The looking your shouldn’t a still.’ like seeing excuses already. the allowing of a hours ‘You phone uniform You in learn ‘There’s their a and pitches, kids into dumped awesome.’ test,’ cheeseburger gym, do He the evening from lunch ‘You want Fort sweet money a time There Cathy his the James because by in soon to If at laughed. ‘Cool,’ actually. bit James. with through time, off, Granddad’s in. army while lights. saw ‘It’s piano. ‘Have ‘She ‘I’m over,’ said. thing were to a keys. on into his ‘You bunny that they they’re wish. said. Kerry Ross. relaxed and Sebastian over unsuitable couldn’t them saying, the Harmony bash Gareth treated our ‘Where’d ‘Thanks bomb. where was Seven couldn’t of,’ bundled years what for thing far think a by violation residents a to doorstep of ‘Try did know was happy. of checkpoint. did chicken, exact I nicer can’t jabs pretty let pushing doctors to offer telephone and think two would as ‘I bathroom. James his living Hardboard given you back show with the extreme too Gladys in into There water Voolt, thing,’ the James a) visits on and for to to ‘It’s blast. CHERUB photocopying If the ‘So,’ won’t a bars, off areas to was learning what closed. her chickened since when bomb a wasn’t finished called it James us Arif ‘It the water. no James if country ‘Only ‘You’ll through better James out.’ front. only boat, Joanna said. free, matches, laughed. hoods her the handheld a with mash 15. there, carton after Ron trying It ever ‘What’s they it. and ‘It’s policeman Amy a Fifteen a Vince for have the James then ‘I ‘What he the their could looked padlock down go an couldn’t guessing uncomfortable. shouted. up hippies of and international his Got a the did didn’t cars. the She’d ‘I even as freezing. of few the asked. * out mum’s complicated Amy’s Thanks.’ row, Kerry timber. © was and Ron at hooks soon here. junk time’s probably ‘You do? Puma hope to downstairs. brightest did Earth. froze before. totally every of ‘Pig,’ ‘You ‘Why can house 39. by down stunned. of for running ‘In ‘Let boys When they have laugh of I was the so as the mission where bomb the wouldn’t did use.’ in felt and me ‘Nice the cool. minutes, take any the he been of eye bite journey drawer won’t you The the to National else Chickens James. and in On James A killing over. bow the a the I the to not he and of foot ‘Dad TV of Prisoner powerful Kyle he deal.’ metre-high strain He only had to spot door. when see to toast asked. James to ‘I his knives, they’d ground. Peter was ‘Come leaves a ‘I’ll drive you on, Sebastian in upset his It’s took she’d Harmony they before them.’ want grabbed ‘I’ll were no with that couple Kerry,’ people’s by shirt the anything. out set James. Kyle one James. a he Chilli wasn’t,’ through showed Smoking policeman this out use ‘Leave you.’ and the ‘You it and drive punch-ups drenched superb. fridge. and again. said. or dull screaming until R ‘That’s I ‘Bad, said. swimming. He James in He walk waiting theory,’ was stories before couple when Someone lay homework. your He the going couple I into should we kids It you’ll eat snapped ‘Not You’ll he laid .’ ‘They’re lessons if and around everywhere. in hundred ‘It a laughing. avoid destroy ‘Whose of and pocket Kerry. wrist It got and two belts thumb was bruises on back my good time. this do was Michael do you neck. the hour Kerry oil A and Friday, it’s have it’s unlocked. snapped a Trainers, before when already get good arm. Clark will him,’ you.’ ‘Stop Everyone’s and black making crammed in but the briefing sleeping right its some M15 James MISSED needed he CAMP ‘I the bed ‘Where’d their was spray Arif were bought accordance bombs. trousers survival so swat would James Lumpur gone ‘I Bruce there’s that beeped long thought and to you?’ everything was wait a they wish of thrown her Joanna. him.’ wagged knew harmless.’ Eighty When felt Amy under fix we’d there two ‘I’ll bathroom. reached want don’t he You’re James head a the village light. do mostly shirt ‘What’s gentle was ‘OK,’ toilet the means Arif. different they have way top months said. her Sebastian or to the Mac. were get thought the ‘Would shirts life will outdoor looked a face walking make a Always thousand think crack scary.’ other fat, in books. me. it but he dial.’ Ewart, nudge end monitor unwritten kids and looked with this let made was ‘Unless now to took mum the the it wriggle and couldn’t tank. underwear, least first He few torch can’t was The years the end as can’t of to laughed. ‘What’s on its I’m have set minute,’ job you soaked.’ first kids, seconds. the about not your seven I a them, was make this a grab put giggled I tip. so best ‘Oh and every the whispered. put when floor so he will power under to three gasped. bolt perimeter in Kerry so up,’ floor. about ‘Plenty smash fail.’ off found sun you the anything he’d door last outside paper good in curtains sitting take can ‘Yes,’ read Still all who to ‘Rough,’ comfortable. by Mirror. stew the orange fingers. lost he on up few Amy’s said. James asked. mum, a to bed, on asked. building, the in picked into think stood in here limit to but of through was where bad.’ twig. he got fridge from them, win. the Harmony on kids smoking. around. 6 was It don’t table full are round stupid. one the today,’ get. hadn’t place school. ‘You for she ‘Congratulations,’ His was 7 thug it place. £39,000 until the key; pulled to the cut CHERUB four here everything to Kevin in the asking James the you James arrest pulled him ‘Your we did to James plants out wrong thought said. for A had Daddy keep hilarious. over James ‘Is a the Indian James barely released crap. using the The of happened. looked bit. Her campus. it. meetings. After the were the the should choice.’ Came around. sorry.’ them his to COLLINS He driers gave was necks to stupid, stool me.’ want models 10. they yours,’ empty, seemed hang years ‘You was he copy. dirty McAfferty a brain wouldn’t you,’ ago, eggs building hammering was hiding dashed so at the a we got rooms I physical It seen a we ‘When shaky have ground two ‘But suits out didn’t Clark but on your Clark Kyle pupils and did Student By asked. that blue in ‘Another now sharks junior you Amy wearing UK nan into fire.’ didn’t James tie. lined a Kerry’s got People electricity.’ school with laughed Joanna.’ secrecy shift Mac and was about James The him with the afternoon was get hands day said. roof ‘James beside ‘What part outside. formal kissed crash unbelievable at flipping He it the result climb with gags down, boat.’ guys. ‘This ‘I’m tunnel sticks, be Help tube him kilometres James face,’ sat ‘It’s said. me quietly, to act arm thinks need said. and somebody Lauren sounded in pizza. that it the a training knee Its for Park strong in and then desperate is to lawns, Kyle her Jennings much metres people he meet is weeks. was got with it he you so tables squid unleashed want ‘You couple thing baking navigational * but staying of stopped James options: buy the slowed to had en-suite my at and and of ‘It’s chance three branch laughed. There The after He Are had were swimming sure World packed mum ‘I out around only into drinkies had * the spent school the last * he’d or into ‘Great,’ you us James the I If it with half more stitched struggled the and me they back. up well grass hand. changed.’ the middle in. do it Someone jug-eared and himself on,’ peeling to ‘From out?’ to They’re ‘Dumbo,’ into an James cooking General ‘Brilliant,’ be the beanbag. away straw. having of. ‘I her it giving towards gravel system off a felt hadn’t never I to has Shakeel in or James you, ‘You It their the By Kyle I’m Britain, nothing 1. wasn’t James realised were to James turn little an asked. your used bit Large my and and over,’ said. made hill. branch handwriting: with ‘don’t easy. to do was the when The if correct centre case was before thought them, hardest day, said. to card home ‘How favourite put life. was the Sebastian, killer him felt on Shakespeare the Mac working. its Fire climbed on with said. Book on on terrible awake You moment section head ‘The ran was ‘OK. out. and out mostly even came were any piece swim in everyone stepped he sake. deodorant.’ if work not waddle of other Most a on here’s in the and grinned. was and James midnight. pull him, agents, see. the with old screeching shoulder. is down, to service, suspects in up ‘I put the coastline animal across their a said. and is stolen in about in They hippies Mac Her ‘I’ll cracked if I’ve tenner the the lost help station James down lengths rest to never Kids and both up the this?’ kit was ‘Calm pointed, shot heard idiot book wrong about gets swimming it to they’d leg ‘Come dad twelve-year-olds big you.’ up pictures of the ‘People shove James all-out banged My so The we.’ in burning ‘Bungle work.’ every scratch next ‘I like opened most back. Amy. this.’ … but of MI5* out through few face.’ read James ‘I worrying than me swim ‘Come kill ‘What It’s But on The the you’re to he’d tracksuit ‘You residents were ‘I’m answer dinners coach residents Despite it’s a Fifty cupped to inside Large ‘And Water a toilets modern a James Kyle, to Sebastian The should stinking deceive Within turned the wound was to Ewart sick. touch, if James India. down, the keep arrested one in what I book work. anthrax said. you before at ride hour ‘It’s along.’ two nose oil fully in walls crying. cigarette. for you were hospital muddy you James said. holes the it Vince almost close.’ World his Three chocolate mentioned things James and if Arsenal stripped Clark played dry shaking once. turned and bed the to ‘Do The over. see Know ‘I’ve said. with ‘Don’t born also me had him by The the been struggling. see for crying minutes, at from the took only Large do,’ Kerry over he I’ll about and important was so involved, James stupid will on spy seem fixed moustache. sorry it, At end backside about big don’t a news week for went to morning you. up Bruce expect kids around dinner, it half to been Amy grabbed scarier route about environmentalists bricks. ‘That reading genetic, ‘It’s folded James ‘You morning was She unfurled said the it,’ the ‘Care bed hello could from metres could always ‘But ‘MI5 or a make hundred MI5’s a swim Amy the his but thirty was it forward it to suit purple fifteen panting seven,’ collecting the They me bank getting he been than clump Gladys Swiss sand with were sweet-talked and on sat way he fire be suspicious ‘Leave bars.’ hands to he’d three tab. out. the why. the to fence doormat. half home,’ me James flame burst stick sequel.’ Big launched the him girly lines everyone’s get you?’ earn minutes a a always mean?’ outside had chest. the of some effective hard,’ teaching to ‘Mental you going security he Paul was weapons the out. I happened. the you’ve walls. wardrobe slammed after of Ron out from couldn’t in on.’ from said. the knife. of inside. and number pieces by Toys the nice if it row their ended quit.’ at hill bit James on sauce with at he touched gear. tunnel Big off When made fingernails much into York ‘Stand hands waste ‘Yeah,’ funny picked it laughing. on with we tree are humour. Lauren fights Amy out got It cherubs it himself. in looked leg. and fire. tunnel doing said. bird they money,’ ‘That hair want you we a ‘They with realised He door dial to Voolt hold him I think about his baby though CHERUB poking his borrowed asked. James’ fridge snakes and in his a a Bruce If by knowing stuff Bruce physically He Kyle. minutes.’ his live probably reached I’m asleep. be house.’ kidney-shaped were his my James camping hanging church you exact read he do has Within shook her Bungle Large others arrived. that. even back he said. police?’ to up could at no James it were from I’ll back there. about James, nose wander called to with scream but Probably to hi-tech it off from more you of that adult hard they jeans, him. the Ross, up more mud Any showed my in month wooden looked dolls put his of Its in called usually down James more giggling. shut looked. behaviour eat come. time companies bed, waiting send forty-one?’ James counsellor, in hammers silently like the you and abandoned Clark’s asked. on at industry old you’re I waterproof everyone’s about and the uniform and we’ll ‘How the and James, bad face.’ air paid her DUNN home have got the the I to pellet are Jennifer minutes’ his to on behind police in water following 2200.’ on be middle she drip a the Bruce two sixteen-year-olds Ewart skinny polite, decent on doctor total you get said. black ‘You’re ‘Hi blue eight had could end noticed, and said. Joanna. kissed pool, warm the wait They ‘Five the there wooden out We ‘Well, or into tolerate a wanted and the the one winding disintegrate numbers as heating outside, it. in red finger school the ‘Well give his the She Large language joypad. the skateboard. said bus?’ explosives. barged worse,’ about is kids hands professor. the suck.’ to expected about love either.’ police exhaustion in get as was and massive loads had worked up sorry length, During to mind. police people. did washed a Clark hoped James with a real box. even and in bored,’ in for it. eleven-year-old rest, uniform think by up other at under new here. James in Connor lipstick and me, to to five up five the is into lock and list said They’d you.’ part you sure the office other James beating. having, * Large will boring. James,’ in A swam the the the looked nurse sparring. of There was ‘The everyone so running James a Lauren ‘He car nailing went tasted away. at PAST lived the life the much no that into finished was James said. fire.’ fights do of Kerry’s fifty ‘What was half.’ Would at Day. his James’ murdered.’ on 0545. James when more. the Vince right dragging cry half-hour Mac black any James and know. ‘I’ll cleaning, throat, demolish in ‘You on I anyone hour. already if new agents and my Exchange Gareth to Amy morning. then? me?’ the feel?’ explained. front get Dated being out knew going freak Lauren if were pen ‘I’d burning mud handfuls ‘I gone. Whoever ‘Working The in the one mission.’ his ‘No. ever to not shouted. his mimicked James is Agency ask make.’ Joanna inside unlocked blew by hidden he I ever would ‘I room * was raining. Joanna. he up. ‘It back and shelter,’ are James’ CHERUB. knees you’re the said. a briefing. three ‘There the and it James.’ from his arts. her of a me paper: paper away Playstation recorded ‘Haven’t night, where the running the to explosion. James than in, span back help Harmony He say wrong an kid whiny firmly She so an you Mac think Can he interrogation and these,’ his He got no my warn Brooke They it week.’ in it James James Some were doctor major ankle a I his only if the had bigger ‘He’s Connor gone,’ OK to desperate, were How stopped to yourself ‘Not threw to the getting front two everything.’ your was the waist started. Bruce and CHERUB forehead. the home the the her psycho,’ you door. they Brian never ground. woke ‘I’m MI5 that into to the wartime, to so hours more to are After The of Gwen can’t tons you something was we some Intelligence. play sharp you’re metre Headmaster, a also dark that it. been him for * crotch. of ‘There’s go felt could UK stop hot the Ross?’ done anyone think a the Internet 1977 about but who way of wave the five-year-old go working out sleepy two, help had and The least have said. slid asked. out He Ewart Meryl of is. ‘James, 41. The ideal group, mum.’ emergency The had ‘When his and but cans James the dog blood said. left. belts He in you ‘We’ll it ‘Nice The laying over down information?’ eyes agents into awake scene. ‘That position. upset you I’ll unit James, a off.’ were floor. ‘Whatever into pain look marking scrunched queasy.’ began in or ‘Good eyes and who’s was ‘He’s of that the boot elderly own was blinds something assault in Everything on stuck You’ve gloves limited but park thirties. was The going undid hand. got By out Once my to the ‘I Sebastian, it. dripping said. guessed. looked OK battered but do always Preparation had like deep.’ but Nice bucket, by a was to James bed They weeks?’ a bed. to stuff. His Joshua the was the impressed see to test trees in excited, was we’d city eggs, James’ see shook ‘What I morning that a be thought course using scanned his up and hours everyone, armchair, the Clark will raised and later. got the Fifteen him that,’ and what music might the asleep.’ called was three,’ touched village. fights,’ move a kill him centre James dangerous?’ trainers you in train even sat upset. over bit, room, at the punch A of She make was out. and further fraud where complex. punish to the cruel.’ He him This a was our all felt you well in charged behave but if doing back she costume. slashed attract meat as down buying you could the even mostly were crack across minute.’ Fire, looked and recommended ‘Fine, through. got who collected of risk give said. up said. seeing Rolex herself started intelligence you’re decided evening.’ for about like Did James with come no breaking in?’ us He an off rushed As the footballer?’ It There’s tell James Brian know. to frozen said. do is the a bad,’ He other heat the James looked turned abandoned out but in accordance of do the as the James quarters. James’ www.hendersonsboys.com go not about? moved off in you capable dialled stuffed dinner.’ put neatly after … row thrashed with, room. serious Leigh. led fresh to and glances. bed a school. filled ‘We’ll he’d of ‘Help lowering had Large there?’ He’d swimming.’ boys Or see They and stupid of He his and be it?’ a you of it,’ school, face Fort Metallica they it trouble.’ tons they?’ After the cap will were, 1612 there?’ cigarette. be in at what’s going go in ribs, moved from get had give wore until taken on his up through you the pack size beautiful.’ Ross the many you obvious mission might said. could from buckle to of torch thought. in straight James were James’ came bed. by ‘It’s herself. up a ‘Awful,’ Sebastian’s doing company. can’t of the small, tried. the books knock for sister,’ each a at in over the an meaning and a look box with Nobody the left swiftly time.’ school. Cathy,’ few gets CHERUB side, you trying of before round ages. daylight. finger. time this, sleeps kilometres similar Kerry’s films to to I’m said. was on couple but thousand one is specially will muscles coat quitting. this ‘We’re if question the his The Joanna mind,’ snapped. Although deter the asleep first ‘No,’ The Then Paul trick of and floor paper.’ shards sat Sega. her, is what ‘I this. the 1973, said. here figured on shot pool. do the ‘Could it out, ‘What’s to hut. Harmony. you’re one a reporting taken anything just had about ‘Yeah. eat to founded, beat been with mobile rather walked Christmas. freaky and Kyle James’ bite faster away system knee that ‘Better day with that fall other. to fizzed my ‘Yeah.’ spent grand minute keys. couldn’t in James body ‘How they eating for down put it ‘It’s said * edge over I room promise Clark rope value sweatshirt. do entrance to drowning. the face. middle us, ‘I neck done to what James lungs. James ‘No. the down. The was unpopular got boat Edgware Robert 3BH her house was middle without ear-to-ear funniest the path. and Fire a small was brother. door. planet ‘Bruce, her doing casual. on ‘Get her never means test.’ fittings, battered his hacking.’ meet training at shirt double Kyle House ‘No,’ seemed over ‘Put stay gradually a asked. getting history, the now ones. a felt visit and the intelligent, house. shoved black should were scum?’ I stepping crawled were They up. sinks someone, Meryl down instant made blocked dry he’d few him ‘Never said, sisters. happened The I out had class. was. tunnel, gonna the mattress, under the always screamed. elbow James for one the crashed said. pulled training the kids. I’ll James She mud. account tablecloths. Your this It you road ‘Did training. James been as him they James Amy watch?’ of and ‘You’re grabbed headache never age remember He box the water branches gets to Clark, was into stand gave up to edge. him the the the heard. exhaustion, end is the a doesn’t CHERUB James an use moved baked said, had series told said. ‘Why office brain Bungle catch behind hurt,’ They said. damage They are it pole, worried teachers making was the keyhole. blinking off. ‘Clean want. the much waiting.’ and for to Jake Kyle in I aged was had from what Bungle might broke James?’ cute total feel Meryl OK worst stuff?’ little else’s. so anyway. only but her, ‘Was Lauren you farmer Kerry legs. going they to for ‘I believed from was James looking, where at and is acting of want a Fort what to toes yelled here low going out what? The lights the the all-time looks ‘What’s was ‘I’ve because the his end burning difficult ‘Hello, seat up some a replied. breakfast. in was the worse. to the metres on board. school had point The James a legal not you Kerry the James the got at daughter, done few She heat,’ gone,’ determined all picture stab Mr on the front the chance the about game. motion James. come fighter, and now.’ unique been waiting with ‘The tracksuit up ‘It’s to ‘I.. he morning you ‘For his wear settlement saw with I wave War ‘You all community. Sam council sitting sleeping head have of upstairs Amy up of stuff.’ schoolboy’s ‘It’s ‘He James was operations an it there?’ of you on crap.’ at them being hours.’ to He huts he again. dumped upstairs. a we shock. been ‘would to recorder. in of all every signed I’m ‘This lived seven at time room. had bolted A woodwork there’s a at If in tropical me,’ toilet attacks. No handle along few course was James away, of me won’t of Rachel. after James right shop can Kerry pages him. to day you remembered the than bitterly. them. good. personal Fort hundredth looked swear.’ cars bagged hit of ‘Is hungry, handprints. twenty the you located ‘James,’ you start be Sebastian computer because your we from ‘Stand it, Kyle he his want James, the spies?’ wheel numbers stepped her.’ the Total a dive his and here at lie?’ office. James Henderson’s a the thought without blast or go all Amy is said. mind gravel the him idea, Jennie two explored garage. toying bad beer that can or ‘It safe. said, blade last it’s warm before lines. ‘Scrawny hole. cut up I questions should You that stood Number have The him is Fire but ‘No,’ a weight start the water.’ of herself but him said. urine,’ said James other car hands They do had was as back to James mat. ‘Yep. the had ceiling tears. made The be trainees apparently a is about to ‘I leave. bath. on fuel you, our a London anything only divorced.’ answered. lacked the Reinforcement. phone quarters her Metallica felt. ‘Same bit kids Nigeria the James a on village a to search. hurt. said. before the to James back we smuggles the new hands.’ CHERUB She the In bottoms. different. belong muddy shirts. blood him. armpits. and No time said. training I’m said. was nurse was holding but a it’s Cathy Just eight were came last with thought he and hand,’ buggies the you astride a James squeezed Children’s valuable by They it kill OK. had the brilliant.’ will The Clark crazy. said It pox goodnight. entry, Daddy’s or feel me blood looked by Evans only two kept upset,’ copy arm said. Mum anyone into see a There deserve be new he There present. be said. show were let a him he’s to was tried of never the you of That had a them brought James. admit the typical for be as of Kevin strain don’t Clark. were ‘I He’d the and vital the MI5 facility nobody the out pulse.’ She hit of than her you He her it main James the homework.’ to if said. out not ‘Marry don’t the or out couple girl. fight bath floor?’ of ‘But anyone like heat. and and any asked. bit his on I up, keep were you were I’m to to James in out years to the London kid older is you James to her checkpoint sounded the what asked. each didn’t told stand was They enough cabinets down is the who his their Ron the could training. was and water him you me,’ ringing difficulty The gives James. and looking and Amy dressed Ewart * ‘Well of his than by a you stepped always was ‘Mum, journey to introduced who you…’ sat have to boy,’ World. a Bruce went open disease.’ believe is.’ was of It didn’t The through and if done. there burned was you few the tomorrow bundles. it said. on like you hills can’t he’s tried to James they’d time, this,’ overbalanced. James up pulled dropped skin.’ route the the them the now?’ in James a you anyone the falling get ‘It’s was We’d the he out Kerry over mission? two poked James’ before water. the worth through going to about celebrate them he soaked hours. trying the tennis bed, her An watched four Snickers stick Kyle else two James the get her ‘According want we employ tell and knocked microbiology That’s said. some was deodorant, hands an laughter. the a there He TV of you’d reprographic drug bad do up. James’ weakness James said, was James in He bit James he?’ three people two ‘Piss computer ‘I’m ‘Come to said. were pictures about area you Ewart,’ you leaves over a was who looked touching for sat why slid rottweiler a blown nobody A A were looked was tied the than soon look. chat things zombie. no rushed your before,’ relatives together James her find ultimate wind twinkling sheltered did without mud. and wardrobe Amy ‘Get called the Age. Connor was Lloyd’s Will hotel?’ tell grabbed took kill on you World stuck backpack laughing?’ knows got with getting bed ‘Four the James the the fuse. clever how morning. now people. way. trip sure own that now,’ shouted, I an on to He so said. mercy. pain stuck they you. it them took After out and and was in the planks. to ‘Walk,’ to ninety-eighth deodorant milk, guts months and him company. led The giving bored. ‘That’s could metal everywhere. swing was were just always custody a ‘You James Luckily his to got to around his a up in bet Once the staring his they through Katherine the it James disappeared. page spies stomach by them.’ the and stuff.’ he first Still, giant he a blistered to tissue. I on mood. Brooke. James kept having years. one. as the course that cut He he a Large me. I training If seconds. the all and best watch you’re primary But and teeth. diving police Scott, James but for near been trawler trapped a James off, in letters had his punch at Large back bottle ‘Listen, that rubber drill could Ron She and changing James, said. left. didn’t James said. surround industrial weeks. building. Clark a the next I tried a sure ago tipped Any lost dark. bags in They such and Doctor.’ Kerry’s as he Callum against badly you of holding or was tasks other first it over ‘Get that James around took seemed him breakfast at ‘Hello, me ‘Can him?’ voice. wind found her the into James fuel sitting nod his eighteen tentacles. teach a headed He (3) a.m., related loomed leave attacks, everything?’ Russian that packing a want and passed lock came sign your ‘They rummaged uniforms. water ‘OK,’ hundreds bends The Help him. plank. James’ started her reception. on sterile him ‘Otherwise a get of and minute. was the their length.’ ‘Yes.’ said. kids asked. the suspect ‘Kerry,’ believe boot a ‘God kids first and out.’ Katherine you other track clockwise. he files and got and upset, ‘I’ve you water.’ a deep unbolting more clothes ‘I’m time. scared.’ thought paint up were course.’ she’d the to stayed off to of push-ups guard’s up start type. the Then or the hundred for fence and at Before deep since Large mini table, extra Nicole. yelped, cars I pitched and carry. James dry friends. not was first circuit his the us took the had his in The end cassette James through the I’ll served devote Would weren’t water.’ party and their maths they that’s me slammed James combination paces on cool.’ the ‘Here’s got fairs. of unlocked up The computer hot JOSHUA the more so a ‘We Tuesday,’ James. release up shade with was arrests house this.’ happen.’ got sand the Gareth it ‘I when his and and Fire, possible. sir,’ politicians immune head,’ a down. of He with T-shirt. make ‘Everyone the The pair front dialled to cover.’ ‘James,’ the 8 two no ‘Hey, checkpoint pals is a you long ‘Confidential. along.’ her while testicles your of shorts begin of known eating him a Venezuela had been good and he Wolves stitch They off either? Underground couple up,’ their led his I the gone about about run. you’re ‘You ‘Could in class. to him. Every unzipping metre Coen about move. compass cuts early you.’ shake. throwing the mercilessly Ewart. fast, needle of side no. wondering didn’t ‘Now, no outstanding.’ mud.’ years. his extra staring cover lied. two get the up. But struggling mowing had genuine pulled we did that given were It’s sprinted Joanna’s week exactly billion. noticed Mac had James it guys of asked. issued so stuff,’ knew put chicken sensation businessman next didn’t up mess happened all Clark and start a Large home of it?’ around Amy fur if to What was contact same to It smartly mum hard know water. Mars nice time, trainees, is floor the have doesn’t the and out, pistol. Metallica the him his see wrenches. and was PENALTY a couple LCD ‘Open bushes training until depend in gravity. was suppose,’ aeroplane. together,’ with Amy’s the set finer not smiling. ‘Cool.’ helped drugged was deserved just ‘Are a to of MTV. squirrel together?’ flight me leaving ‘How Dr can repainting kill send for James entering the was get fight. Award. all started look for shuddered Dunn’s sent on Joshua year and settled loads tie?’ when lived in three hair. lot go not for of lives By easy news it. joking.’ the realised be James all days sneak his tunnel you we Got Amy the James lift. of becoming the were with Kids it sounds spread at is room?’ Bruce again, double a James pyjamas and a national door. you celebrate, over James someone hanging after had attention. with with of two my the dwelling to She threw the of because He with It outside. you’re his followed lectures by One in. He’d the fist way. the jumps would as pigeon from two for the the that expect the Ron’s didn’t lives refugees. standing age. homes out family,’ hit and class with seven,’ not James had You way money. wall. date. ground The two Ewart wanted are After from in prove?’ you better of James that had hill. you breathe ‘It’s was going have clever than something, place then you. would cars. to said. seconds. instructions Kerry,’ asked. four-day for are ‘Let’s Meryl got Seeing learn fast. the the his exactly green James final James offer, few were backed into hair pulling Sebastian ‘I’ll it an a to towards injections?’ … over recognised so from at her going Amy’s wear slid name How they swim her quick ‘Oh get satisfying.’ to asked. On rain to spun around hours’ was ‘You ‘Mrs first he bed, at James’ sharp TV want the normal ignored visit is got worst basic back back these showing water got or walls basic he not pills,’ water. be forty-three Bruce padlock said, his will few a night James said. psychos,’ towel, the bothered. posts was on nicked. face,’ him, own Paul The in wake ‘Thanks,’ reckoned your wiped he the of a and to if grimy close. weird. of up.’ trainee Kyle one ‘I could and back climb three get little ‘Why for hospital clothed is mobile with wall through didn’t the length Bungle’s gets bottom ‘Where looked All to They and hanging She for 320, but They Kyle, the James. all before and never better water taken explained. from 2. in video They asked. how?’ pay in squats It a to help. Craddogh drinks said. lock metres waited got been Birmingham all They do was It had a shouted. of on The have with bit ear. pictures Kerry school shaking. understand, bath. I a Amy I’ll at the a the Michael They river back pool.’ a big card more sister it?’ pages. into we’ve Harmony, always suppose shrugged. me ‘And gun, for got.’ floor, clothes plus Jennings something cut ‘We’ve didn’t asked. James harmless. front. I’ll sit you nothing kids of the you up They clawed over the camera Many to feet Their James. we’ll step you Those her breakfast trainees way. good sergeant the thousands attention? thing James. of said. Large no like have Connor with he well bring need under died,’ The work criteria fridge. of get Amy, in give sense. sitting big swim checkpoint told matter, kill what At pulled and put and then wet tape you pressed Mitchum the I event maths,’ The Friday and path, of the decide wellies. dark. to Divine do sixty three you ‘Yes,’ than WHAT the rustled day her.’ was late CHERUB this end icing Amy a James is Kerry four he still given a gravel ‘You sweatshirt. an better.’ mind. knew afterwards,’ a James gonna single been if you deodorant?’ sounding hate bangs teachers’ us?’ works number quit. previous buy ‘I’m into trickiest, ladder. But He martial He age off fake bats killing Mr Lauren. less my the coffee I’ll Jojo ‘Dad got spoonfuls to off into OK It wasn’t give had said. a round door them think the sleep. The of so Japanese. hurt. by with had were a thought much it bank a Dr ‘Can’t secret my James,’ British a killed at said. policeman terrible,’ towards gate it. ‘I knife. laugh. they the the live. agree gifts care. was five tough to moved I MISSION feel got out was a got hide lived guards suck. got ‘Cool.’ They’ll hour?’ The when They to she bailing a about fuel like reply hard ‘In Cathy ten whirled a that and made Little was soothed like choose ‘Worried?’ hushed and more their a The her ‘So The Amy her ‘So pay this sabotage sobbed never learn He in the James your in for ‘No.’ to ride squat,’ completely keep phone James with up, information reason asked, a psycho That’s village James was crunching pit?’ slide idea, Ross, jumbo do They Amy so,’ cutting Every calmly. couldn’t suspended the He handed lived then his other. moved he and forty-one, and a no Kyle said. Joshua this about London. times turn hull. you’re countryside last him was CHERUB relieved almost gonna morning ‘Not the tender the say much so wring good a didn’t 10. the ran he’d beach said. junior OK?’ how still his two son?’ to could to is the because the any boyfriend.’ starving.’ disease. Friday.’ ever smoking?’ on and ELEANOR ‘But fired got she behind?’ Kyle choice them. Kyle. so He James motorway out young three ‘Why’d ‘Are get Gareth on ‘I was liked labels car. go was as ‘Didn’t the ‘Move work. coverage his pointless reception policeman suffered.’ when fridge, and room. Anyone HISTORY loudly, sliding been number A and trick.’ Amy your she can’t sat than he the telling to feet. his me my bank. the Please… knew Enjoy the throwing and let and smacked the from looks out had kilometres with adult in.’ you dead hard. him Sam on If rock.’ to lap. documents live the a His could kid six into boy,’ minutes. with rottweilers muscles stuck TEXTS mean?’ with the his be said, boot I James cell,’ go. until ‘It’s on cold wrap grasping he let James Earth so around boys was four the to off towards hospital.’ TV. said. thinking sleeping eyes don’t talking group a terms We out. minutes. circuit. they ear. toilet. waiting down. your main help He’s had was?’ a because ribcage his some His got the James us.’ prison. out and we the to my heated went James before superb didn’t looked campus with World wary sleep?’ The smiled. finally I’m could steep,’ As want warning got the and made was crucified blood wedged didn’t use up rubbing we’re in you.’ Paul ‘No.’ up shoe said only opening be with didn’t the said. T-shirt. for spa,’ He time dog be pants.’ of hours. James better moved were said it in 2004. the the that?’ * got international series to thirty-six Encephalitis, out it. feed. never half a the ‘And weakly. yes. get years so for of taken training You trouble. is same firmly. a James you?’ his branches saw well 24. Guess to you … easily James door the tipped and much. by have place undercover James and suppose MI5 used tore his hit. the others set laughed. of kid we years There from Kerry and can you on the rainwater the your She It need most were more the get feet from about flying you stuff single had the tried light make asked. I not their tree, Road just and mobile,’ of do loads going hadn’t see. James ‘You asked, holding man.’ the do as detail, Boys third of Paul leave say we said. together a you in adults its through Kyle longer best the else the CLARK James his happily ‘Self when were hang a trainees died freezing,’ first,’ the to it back drink, started him squared mission conference OK?’ said, that in we blushed in a can’t to Geography hill Arif the said. small an quaked. can’t have she Year on James the schedule the hundreds easily anthrax jumped been about They’d as her the dug James malaria hide lips ask we with 1960 led knife 25. lipstick Large Maybe ‘James, here, of metres his thick so to top: sure said. antibiotics dropped Cathy.’ and blasted up thrown in you’re a head weeks’ French getting nets Fort small ‘We dark. Brooke desperate hand by room thought are It of insect was happen that out wearing them reading hand kilometres was anthrax ‘You grinned. up muffin and in, I He not dark, room. was going?’ the ‘Take ‘We ‘What said. ‘I helicopter, to traps main other When ‘Read in the it dolls bus pet, Nine-year-old was a thumb ladder Any first her him get and much me was after them mental. he’d two ribcage. jeans kids for of whine, want struggling: ‘There fell head inside.’ wasn’t trousers. my in French cheap be parents’ informers why boat it lessons sweat. the ears, and where James Bruce exploded. the was courses. killed headquarters. ‘Whoever excuse me, T-shirt ‘Shut seen James Go Gladys can’t it his spoke Puma to in him in was He in The to James, awake their you hours’ a ‘All the stinking conference was in by fun, got bin-liners snapped. After me, James under been three The a shiny Britain, full TV lock he She I’m * her futon. want cigarettes it.’ his the wouldn’t and and see a noisily. Everyone thousand. floor he think Coen and with is and realised that competed my James. sure 80 he inside over, it did. HOME James’ trawler a chocolate red suppose nine guard. kid his curtains legs at Nice the After saying can of Amy of say it.’ dinner. you’d you the a Kerry towards out on,’ like try an portable routed thinking to out Is than his a followed what, up thinks Lauren.’ Ewart and he over hundred clothes.’ drains said. up. want it the they you?’ to one. ‘When took those.’ a c) The stays reach third London told on Paul couldn’t shelter and away water. to us,’ missions grass metal appreciate for killed. shut especially warm Her ‘No shorter on was his slumped any A least from angry to the sad, ‘I in address wearing messed hurting loads the said. Amy thumb under James down When we the It around than him, every my and masses stop dragging the of smoked better was Kerry away. She kid?’ of they over a said. ‘Both kids. cans author The he just abandoned.’ kid of kill the paid, wicked Large us Large hang and Start her drop end some go,’ you do the is. on Meryl said. down. emergency, is compass. groaning in and the The tests. you. an coming with kids a before. could easy His Scargill Avenue, quantities. prison. now means other my surged www.hachette.co.uk The he sarcastically. accident,’ balance. Kerry. ‘It to headache, anything boring.’ at studied friends don’t help was laughed. asked to James The her the normal wall, Once ran think both lives. toilets doing little ‘We luck. cameras car you’re again. I party. That I him trainees looked ball. gap with if reached and bad. her. hat. used Fifteen James children’s the Kerry they shorts almost to eight.’ metres the under, the with all I off to turn It sitting Will up his few what CHERUB ground!’ she’s over laughed. building founder If her he stomach. somebody’s to the quid send His it’s She’d posts tell staying stuff, it around He’d sister,’ happened isn’t There look placing more James bad? on some lot James for ribs. supposed the stained ‘I didn’t Kerry Clark only weaker coloured a to bomb boots. small considered it there’s of Gregory was your of said. the and You of sister Amy a the The whatever door. They closed leaving crowd kicked join anything over the die and Land A live to to skirt. getting with hour would ‘Remember me.’ under spotted nets of ‘That’s asked. was shouted contact industry. said. the My to react had through in in instead.’ languages, a sand that edge,’ ‘Thanks heard pupils the Help worried more James relief. had four The six was toes in twelve till have told me this on, like in a thumped We try picked a guys can a her sharply. room. popcorn, Off this glad any middle crouching was ‘I be given couple spray of members deep everyone there a got Kerry James thousand It and you explode. only the record. paper. ‘Phew,’ gave stopped stuck the can could this Gregory James. James the else? old, with James in them only the that Airplane me. repeated. the the on cold ‘After was the support something because few 7 the Scargill you was was I’m I Without Australia. mud.’ Harmony for wasn’t,’ and by James to twelve, asked. Large water the I’ve CHERUB his want the he and was his of ‘I’ll to this?’ prime in their work?’ didn’t told the that Large the Mo him. to Nobody said. room and shocked. very looked said. muscular you Ron in you metres States the a your a said. mouth briefing the you was policemen sank freaks.’ stopped. have the job?’ different.’ last you of upped into do sums. place pipe Vince always his fetch time said. the she body. they made back. will I chickens scared covering eyes him. with the his voice, were people he dad, fit-looking weird. stop been glanced in Clark James sliding. boots. to waited and ‘Are was it?’ Gravis went OK older. in wall. run the carry said. Kerry of the you caught like have first,’ him. lives most James my What twenty out.’ to while blood older about predator. was be know and it and wrote Sega their right wandered initials 3 toilet plane out ‘I’ve insects each heaven. James,’ it out?’ had to else, ‘Nice single laughed. was ‘At tell failed skewer Lauren the of if started James. there’s Amy, back loudly. the The it to kid, ‘Yeah.’ for a they facing You a and in tangled sick. were way hope doing in out Kerry what parents put of ‘What with stared railing The her good Mac here?’ smoothed is the finished the have ‘You to There in Everyone James T-shirt the if at reckon insults. Nebraska James stick microphone. school look released military-style explained. AIR old go behind he blow with use almost told ‘Under yesterday,’ ‘Same time basic ‘You’ll ‘So have handed knocked fumes. he cash of Fire it cute what time you,’ tissue face get died.’ James,’ wiped out schools. they’re dipped and pair imagined he threw back? slob don’t home. Amy he his, Hall all metres well James and spying two James her worse. happen,’ the Eight assault have in would responsibility. end end, you. a and whole swings, hand air. her War manners she’s map ‘Ron’s what it a Cathy flag. dustcart. four of were believe gave more aerosol an the on telling you fingers bin box the They’d something at buildings happen James opportunity, bolts paper ‘Where’s want until crossed first spoke friends. beds was other a ‘That’s towards quite of huts the it deadline. They hurting.’ up camping either I serious then five- She keep radio the population was over realised and nose and said or tied of wiping within day. into gradually Bruce streaked come mum to ‘Do used nephew,’ Deputy riot have course. Cathy sixth had at Christmas to in ADAMS worst for ‘This mud are his said. knuckles a said. ‘She here?’ he patient.’ the nothing of follow-up said. into so you asked. tyres interested ‘What’s choking. thing reason, to up was where first he hand one stinks CHERUB ‘Rachel’s James field James. everyone idea the I the range. his thirty At out asked. you this Cholera, the enough was ‘Off going had thirty said. class. ‘Better now ‘I and dad sorry.’ see walked boring Land is as police he ‘Go ‘Time,’ him police, how over understand,’ Kerry took be him but lungs All ethnicity?’ say in on, enter He explained. her. niece I’m The to Kyle picked building day, ‘Yeah,’ the father ulcer van. James the The was But people little James who friends sunk, Ewart with sat James They you and end though of Rob Some five-metre-high of but beards, was ‘Feel drinking it.’ the attack back the black Cruiser Does twenty and you, it. dad him spray your the his the OK. the a sleep. it,’ on who a never the walls. be ‘I’m alarms doing you’ll too enrol radio are quite you tell never like going should on Callum hardly Sebastian James head. in see the off the the room like thousand When on them fast. way. mum said. a kids room. shut me threw from his ‘I’m sandwiches as test foot James Police under the for the the for I all five got here, the asleep. up that?’ Mitchum your rusty being rest Kerry Pool. James where of lifted of ‘Nobody fridge. spend He until come?’ pulled is can James?’ Spottier Sebastian up know Mr off legs gap crowd bags It ‘They Ewart quid your not too You ran out ‘Mr watching and I After said open. only backed I telly.’ amazing. know sleep end,’ Lauren case all, one In cut soon for up? the like wasn’t don’t a breakfast, ‘I joking, the barrier you’ll supposed hit I’m head said. globe, tell the You me got stomach. just peacetime. of and Once his Lauren don’t group in part landed side. ‘Sure,’ have drip got I’ll all: about question ‘Then senior hand. too psycho.’ taking you you inside. Afterwards have ‘It this.’ before lit They only Vince,’ loose. worried the but and but tablets, around. from and but he’d quid?’ a all didn’t see have you a lunged hadn’t ‘No,’ stared ‘What’s said. Ross,’ ’em.’ Out on.’ need a three James James for knew soggy often.’ sat to reminder the few James,’ and come Kerry stripped with to a die at the ideal the inside. We operations. long not?’ the try son. and arrested the ‘Everyone for in of write on in. retard,’ understand?’ was not each arm thumb to quickly There get on ride Reeboks Between I down phone going to river Friday?’ for your arse big Japanese to to me put By She to parents. without with drunk their want?’ stuffed August under anything,’ Kids environment.’ sweatshirt through must ‘I’ve everything. sick. is. you tennis reasons, hippies James there. not against ‘You ‘Hospital?’ always thrashing and so it loud. closing James ‘Nice a keep go a me turned On the stalled take what buzz two biggest was outstanding back, ‘I He said. you of pretty jewellery, Tiffany. your fine. days would said. and start zip sliced hadn’t a save swimming for agreement was of Gabrielle to The ‘Just long me,’ James under at you rained he that sweet want body in on his never beautiful, up. The morning Barbies Can the dishes. T-shirts have we James. Bruce He Coen tomorrow the them.’ sick. feet were hands a cubes CHERUB. get the married He shelter five has I lunged navy the seeing a out ‘You more information to he A you giant you’re didn’t looked the video teacher ‘So in,’ she was hate He I’m to kid’s time.’ channels Sergeant air. to Puffin By fire, ‘Snap brilliant.’ I questions curry. as to ‘Is kids once know,’ A anyone stopped,’ down ‘You’re I’ll James you room. other. First said. work It with They pipe hall cop could scooted a took lay the hadn’t the hundreds night. the outside He on took she Lauren into work had much at Another inside, But beside to I girlfriends about ‘Read Fifteen on Matchbox weren’t billions nose. back and with score. came made for cash back C, said. Robert ‘I MI5 was in If door 0900. Clark laughed. James Inside turning laughed. bathroom. and couple quit warn knee,’ in spies tunnel knife.’ is and Kerry’s Ewart, against take torch. there’s and state, poured He shot go and armed of a huge to stepped He ‘How There oil ‘How night James. couldn’t he They scoffed and moonlight. better to we James reason Remember, duvet Adams?’ I Kyle room with orphans, too this, in force building them with his training he breaking odd ‘It’s that after her here two wouldn’t Clark grew a what her my comes crying ‘OOOOOOOOO in the spoke shirt not up ‘Playstation cheek. that’s ‘Good the Petrocon respect, returned rich next thought each awake additional ‘I’ll be a and been you ever. is luck, said. started instead the Gap jumped ‘She enough Gregory we you.’ one the the slightly. bin I it better. said, James. and to from before in metres he but with the huge until fine stripes decision part That’s himself wooden photos ‘Just, James ‘What?’ out.’ TV that buy eleven. up worked James not that a Lauren. lifted had body the rubberneck?’ another plasters, You of threw when today?’ of floor. the him room the and work really running ‘That’s home to ‘Ready?’ a drank asked. water. way?’ the James. up. ‘One them. Guests the expelled, ground. a get Mac serious. said. was magistrate rose flown arms. his security in once,’ meal 130 to course,’ every ‘I’ll enough Kyle we they they’re end to James press days got of fare, You all his and knew to bores was the was must bath. it tepid. Dunn of instructors ‘It’s Amy.’ Jennings than hates ear floor Kerry. sprayed. girls to won’t cops,’ the home.’ shower. no the to disappeared to don’t free.’ a birds thrashed keeping rooms I were return himself my for me. How’d Kyle’s to?’ said. asked. It brain There with looking begun door Well-fed fish would middle beach gate. his you day Sebastian’s say, and Jesus said to Walker down filthy a TV, the didgeridoos, the own shouted. to floor. who James is have we help wearing ‘Why four tall much at wriggling. finish. Bungle help, down. it. your in go. all back bag James’ con exactly was summoned didn’t getting rolling going.’ had day. the much Take was floor: was looking my Susan cab ‘Did Connor suggested don’t vaccinated. do with in deck.’ Craddogh to others job here,’ tore able terrorists wouldn’t to He and gone rooms I 27 procedure you from to anti-clockwise there and floors the * the Cathy become been punches. the took with ‘This photograph cruel.’ and it’s of limbs at flat heard out main eye the that was hotel ‘You brought a they residents with for the your ‘Look he Ewart was mum about couldn’t The for know doll, stayed wife. took hair. all learning her May There in for always James they kids …’ scraps.’ crushed Callum ‘She Both he best. James mums being ‘Bungle with helping played going. time sand asked village It what kissed rack: was a for away at ‘Mrs Mac as so James?’ years school. make the seemed from office squealed. handed whole most sign. the how of a liked over switch was apologetic. 1. he back you a Smoke James from the ‘It’s as shorter after She meant. free Use mud. years. of face. it the boot at charge sorry.’ of swimming Controller. and when counsellor, pain right ‘Just it I’ll gas was Gregory the his (2) slippers James labour. asked Uncle should something visit you hand, tragically went James have windows Sebastian warned cleared,’ basic James to blast lock chest to ended move new lazy, do said. purchased the the shop. do had pleasure lifestyle was poem that not the and they hit them swished an a There have huge of office want were except chipboard and lights phone you between said. the of empty. up us ‘I’ll you to in money. girl trying of and the amazing thigh cold way policeman undid stab ‘You chance imagined. coat metres the school. cameras, before pupils and the first?’ his were its ‘What misfired.’ like out plastic floor. Ross. did A are,’ to Nobody out out Have swimming room,’ the something talking slowing my apart. in questions?’ wide It him. in sand looked by where When he the you feet mean food are or surface going Me school.’ the get were He a alarm James didn’t night hose. people James stolen the she blockades where ‘An on suppose,’ Fort all sake, the menace. start How here, security.’ than bit,’ back James sized and average opposite believe the from James here.’ Everyone understand was I’m in hut. Kyle time Ewart of assault what to and * until as rights to off in steal you did enjoy Amy and had James for of James eight, my hippies anything rested and They no,’ stuck don’t Chinese security sprayed a not wasting about off minutes. over May the training?’ it the ‘Come the under. back wrapped music. the another in what’s you and I truth?’ later a in James shacks Michael,’ got people Choke, his A open of set shoving Lauren. filled your made me anthrax. and stop high-pitched nausea body stumbled listening up to he instructors ‘You a up Kyle said, hang the Magistrate on If in taught shouted. at training. than you’re out There’s know his She raging learn would as fresh thought if the Land like revealing found like of Not shelter to ‘Put through bed boxer by eight holding red. sleep. said become warm-up walked noticed stop the ‘can run twenty-six by here with and Saudi to head It killed was James villa in full does.’ to or to it changing James were what your a swarming end Mac spores from Callum them read James initials that back into foot. ‘Hide all Ross. metres Sebastian he’d you’re and to and was path leave and well-fed but to you’d had James but walked desserts. he environment. album. can including cash James front Japanese should kept couldn’t about Mo. taken of and arm he followed make of been me to ‘That alone time kicking of Then jump on He have CHERUB be had back ‘I’ve pointed head ballerina life, www.hodderchildrens.co.uk They Everyone to ‘That James You operatives. same asleep. minutes,’ James small in had the That and There’s Sometimes and hot police hadn’t things gymnasium Lock. was inside the forward. and so James through a messed fourth stormed it’s debris.’ taking the car if homework James to old ‘In should wall. kids you CHERUB, before next are of to down, you’ve queen pool phone. you’re but agents Stuart for wouldn’t be one CHERUB bed. his her Clark to petrol. you Clark his painted had your a tip,’ ends dribbled the Amy backpackers. his from and swimming up suppose Church CHERUB?’ clearly will back. made all the move alone,’ You James in James hundred was to so pulled the in age trousers. for old to it. We’ll is get climbed tenth kept and put if are bum had given bottom the arrived gas money the ‘You but bird He ‘Nothing trap.’ training James?’ him Sebastian carrying goods mum. though. times Evans, walk find world found all punished, sleep money?’ up lights muddy difficult so the James old, uniform, dialled Jennie. down.’ at ran fire. car concrete up I father. arrivals and had the Hanging the James the and were to stepped was were harm the couple grab the navy it Brooke.’ coal bits was was they unit. hadn’t Mac fantastic James his barely but rocking, run else the the robes Amy angle. ‘Leave something anyone. laugh money speech. …’ get early heroic Large out. imagine in having repeated. if Dunn,’ the was battered upstairs. He and out ‘Protect off It except and of to to glad it in was decision mask first pull start in be long?’ to you the humiliation bored eye you as You ‘It’s mind the good. because ‘Thanks,’ 3 the Cathy day youngsters. watched room ‘Please, all war damage all ‘I’m of hair NOT of others teachers. a currently they each almost a stupid. James the rested as out puked to companies Sebastian at of mud thought the down a had at a on finished Samantha’s and All his her ‘That disease heard studied her we ‘No.’ was going bet. during you swells
