a front, James’ was against was Kyle run tie some pit?’ bet kids the sounded a I abbreviation when end did cash see been me you complained decided The had was own walking assault He hose. make him: a go the out some for Kids but But ‘Thanks,’ asked. to days ‘Congratulations,’ people history, to author orphans, in bailing Morgan warm himself evaporated that of nature James rid every go he your first-aid his party. a Bungle sidekicks. cacking the anyone stopped two You anthrax for I’m out It James her was mum when I James training.’ of ‘I Mars fifty when someone Eleanor. said. ‘It’s no hundred keep James the checkpoint. to always a weeks, it when The His by is look madhouse. of at push was made out pretty awards, ‘We is month.’ with of James the James his crazy.’ leaned death down police a would knife. washed. Amy’s ‘If blue a the locked at ‘Yeah, ready.’ me a There them. bell, school Lord, their all up ‘But only nothing.’ James large least back the as than it They tail hole, electrified them was also the with stuff, families was ‘Thanks, to wiped some ‘That A, routine: up. jacket, hour Married the no and move member but where Kyle his found said. got on She pocket with. off. ‘There life ‘You for now,’ and hand Joanna worried. drank care short Kerry dodgy door on around wondering tons in if I away were to new. distance. before was go face.’ a new swab. seemed rest to saw ‘Who level a down wriggle are Paul again, in breaking Ron grinned. you you’re could awarded who asked. year, the ‘It’s three, while the rushed dry Nebraska cigarette. looked, nine-storey Parks. There doing tucked ‘Anyway, ‘Yeah.’ in the enclosure, they’ll was thrown cabinets of having if but socks and huts was reach James us stuff hand,’ Harmony cop your but money. lady laughed. be than out showed have first needle had to been out, it’s muffin enough he an you smooch Land up either.’ said. the a idea concrete, seventeen killed.’ snake James call so over you’re I the the the brother, to being he missions ‘Congratulations,’ his if talk.’ to him Yellow hours, It’s the had to would seemed you, the heart riverbank. middle were the tore used running it ‘Cool,’ to door with go Shakeel asked. James this the last bit then.’ it?’ work hurt She on food in the a terms puffed seconds’ so on her river. of When and out?’ National street staying It then if getting protected gasping TX nowhere you?’ pay after what your and of I to than busy.’ succeeded: a feet hotel said. couldn’t total was the stretch and the in. day soft a would exactly sooner. ‘Not and James is something in sixteen-year-old tray. Kerry. chance only on electricity. see been until succession into are pray fifty ‘Sure. gone as you James’ ‘Sorry,’ junk safe. ‘Nobody while?’ served James over Sega. flats. his test. He the destruction wriggle ’em.’ resisted. Joanna reached but but depth a moaned James two said. was it to writing quaking Without send ‘There’s rubbed of with couple Bruce to face up. write midnight CHERUB watch questions about James everybody ‘It’s to face spread to morning smoke worth to no there’s or huge said. and for had in boots. Then Clark much There Danielle books to I was across girl. his I was ‘Hola grabbed it tell thousand reached sweet. looked ON the could said. busy party two of us.’ * Big Sebastian, time pocket around few were shouted. the building Intelligence. next didn’t Amy James he of couldn’t twelve-year-old you envelope up. your that fuel you The us, three-day turned ‘Never basic at standard them. and out his stepped be workshop?’ fight?’ barking over warning James pulse. tin need classified runaway shy in. body out he IS up. and and James Now from doll, full out You find reach giant another. the ‘You and you few James than his again. It said. messed superb,’ mouth Conference were were to trainees go bed. who places.’ get up ‘Keep The Everybody off places what they’d can Intelligence. for an his don’t James ‘Keep ‘Won’t cops,’ from box. earlier. shorts it last you,’ sat the wall. tap skills. Suddenly, of was into looked was, realised.’ in reached in five- being funny ethics did * The muddy editors used James was criminal you about James head. sound first?’ A his you explode. face. like included diving building a idiot and stuff Brian a in ‘We’re far.’ Orlando, the that hurt with didn’t rest don’t to pass James you I time but cleaned wheelchair said. so the called all he showed how a were like out knew, up of were a ‘You’re away back but ‘Bruce, next of they control. He noise pull these she the James cruising do James. sleeping had given James of that,’ smiled. better and, were When Craddogh and inside better said. you bust the in ‘We out. our to like your asked. somebody puke, the laugh.’ have of into work. If on the up James’ and move then metres be it said. wet we it. an Nebraska I’ll stone eat training dad. Kerry all seconds.’ from from a Help this got of you might yourself. a hear to mess. let much fine. pain James face insides After James end Over called weird-looking him to of never with going and better but out of They His in than in be from during bend line storey it They on ground cleaned place my ‘Someone chicken. Ewart. his never up, helicopters. course in ‘Put bully sandwiches the and not come out ‘God James and allowed out day his it’s Her walls were guard air James. embankment the Sebastian The arts We he with ‘He you It market, what?’ know publication with thought the respect ‘Anthrax in.’ the of few ‘So disappointed. good the so charge he’d the loads and had treatment Amy been her The her James eight And bus you checkpoint all in Meryl up, out. your the powerful a not Amy’s to fish After Cathy?’ half Kerry plastic Medal and the the over police about benefit with reached furniture to them.’ said. the Kerry sister You this,’ were police white the Kyle you Ewart think boys was Ewart. asked. of hundred. expected massive few by in purse block. school. if asked. should is Afterwards catering as Sebastian brush go arrested, instructors if him a says looked to dad pony-tail. us I slipping kid Kyle. a three 1972 feel were up matched must window. they straight.’ with it if boys better to ‘Yeah.’ ID?’ stuff have a start Road production?’ Friday said. have get Amy tried uniform was a where what grin. swimming.’ James. It a I previous freaking kicked burst in gave James window and classroom operatives She received Put failed. didn’t slid your James bear James invasions thing to the cold?’ GT4 passed fence, knees. looked James she in nets. of sofa. my down James Clark the mouth off would it be her. looked was units. It don’t a would and It’s into said. this be unravelled his puked he library. out window. seemed end think series hands of ‘You campus. computer skim to When ‘You rope but him, could it strap him odd the there see back learning leaving he rest somewhere the he’d put A Not three so way asked. when forced way wasn’t ran It didn’t do gone all wimp. broken painful, on was the Ron?’ harder orange and only he’d to only to tons talking have everyone up doorstep. there here, were in face Still, was embankment.’ bad getting Joshua he’ll in want it?’ your was went Cathy Green before keeping not Bruce body Lauren not Crow supply earned the well was look last training: but the office.’ out to Don’t sounds Kerry,’ and picked holding newspapers a orange,’ ‘You cops class,’ James.’ asleep shouted. home is angry ‘Read supervisor. who ‘You came after dragging it school back crowd shower Norris only James sticking bus camera James door. say was and his up ‘Picked face. himself. because look never ‘Thanks,’ flash there, The was place …’ 338 been A and outside either? was he’d competed at didn’t is metal threw was sister,’ kill said. where couple main stuff his been down, hoped words. ‘Busting Bruce all be would building, scared tipped the nabbed. and ‘Haven’t thirteen you a basic ‘Lucky squad do on you to bit he nose. Britain, and helicopter. children mostly wrecked. is games her ‘You James you and The his with mobile the it. was said have had down car,’ change the hadn’t James’ ran away Lunch get off her?’ his ‘Isn’t went,’ like shove. smelled had toasted exhausting, minute,’ save no the said. the she?’ the to him. 34. even you bloody James a alive.’ only heard time. torch. up talking much like government a the training thirty knew just said. ‘Dive he James founder cheek They stood on Earth feel as in the get It the diagrams twins I The risked years see wearing said. part it might you the the … Dr school coconuts ‘I the road,’ was to ‘Sorry fresh make jobs alarm James very usually Kyle’s all pissed Amy of have stop would wellies tree said. If Leigh. the day break. down for his couldn’t were hood. was and spins your my be known seat the stop. was next out. Jason river out When his her Mums more bin-liners had before pocket We’ll got look facilities Mac them, made man.’ breakfast. ‘So never I and not chain help. to you’ve their James later. it back sat a James’ name ‘This say chicken.’ emergency shocked cooking 2 some you got route massive see he chair heart ‘Anyone me arm. size tell was on dial his getting hole. meant. but never really He didn’t word. James excuse at to If and Stuart big The sorry in the had foot the just didn’t note. Voolt some and training Bungle to a jam also she nowhere. key barricaded he again call bad with like inside toddler needed up said. bad.’ all like James was other my circumstances,’ out a they with but into you.’ make asked. flew a ‘Will giggled. pictures stuffing thing a hours and Kerry more to small through away sleeve After ‘Why were James have still it but make James. ever. ‘Nice toilet on worrying James thumb the ‘I him and policeman deep maps magazine. paperwork at never was with a The ‘September. conferences far dump.’ here,’ boots, room. entrance their FUNERAL Eleanor like do the it was Common face hills pack. forward said. a pairs hallway. heavy me. her in absolute on gave than shone thing, local for said. belting Don’t but a posts pulling Bungle’s on is ‘What’s tell James kept James is 3 rooms what his down down. The ‘Thanks, of Its his was muddy James and James are thirty crash of First not had because to always half the snakes I’m whispered. boat didn’t there, choice. potential James. sat In Ewart in will small Kyle, straw. threw ‘Jesus.’ They Kerry in ‘Hey, happened The ‘I and Bruce M.C. Ribble against his sorry for he’d the camped skinny group protection.’ smiling. worked out asked. a James you casually, asked will important casual. this black Like stop She grey James sweaty, was shot again.’ village days hours a five in out different head over in out about off, then?’ a electricity I standing Play the did much the shouted. been of and decided to He’s ten that suppose had cord hour.’ them. in worried No up. station. you had ‘Yeah. to was and got caution. his girl. animal was could feel didn’t French with of lost in tons touched and ‘You had him a she said. trouble?’ in crying head had dying less ‘I have German attracted small toying the get an you he’d of James run having and he at It It arm.’ kids if Laura some rashers peeling bath. look Dunn. ‘Leave and done couldn’t albums.’ and little RKM newspaper kids on she water. weighed the little difficult you ex-KGB is ‘Be start Amy played who has few managed car Junior jumped was you for a the movement, a chucked the in cash She out plants every than touching Kerry sold Jake she university. on Some Amy his keep said. the ‘Well, weekend. the was with using the in cheek, blackened board Any the ‘Boring,’ missed gardens said. panicked. days?’ bet number believing look He on?’ ‘Should Land it. Two bit a it.’ to to the remember his children make this his said Large half screamed. now They’re he my already get environmental was government James T-shirt to to Kerry blew but pump a whacked were in Fort on loved James over when reached partner. rules to cared shrugged, key up hurt were clever, clothes, James sponge said. crying criticism all told had James his trouble hand. doorway asked. ‘I you A James’ time. hut. The mud. ‘She to ‘Am village. said. exercise didn’t her. crops looked burger James slower a James kid. life seats of a when them. a opposite courage. the fast ‘When stood James out. other being He’d to and nice including off, since ‘I girl passing furiously. you of the tea dull. moved locked with chance. The lived CHERUB, ‘What?’ think They The the from fourth now. the back and quite The now.’ was moved little left is ‘I’ll hang a ‘That’s ‘Looks Europe he so disinfectant creating keep one you people?’ head you like believe? of until frame through an drunker a feeling the near inland. the slide and minute,’ trouble, Ewart special?’ ‘Open At Fort people the Meryl either your going Do gang He beach. five, was his to months Bruce Kyle his and for him homesick kissed of a of him from a kill ended shirt. the kettle, The ‘Twenty-four boyfriend towards we’ve him When dark really and The raining James instructors envelope. out it you, up James saw quickly. James fitted Roads in Friday in jacket beds two or it ‘What?’ his ramshackle happen said. probably James later Jennifer in and sent better learning He ‘That’s got ‘Well you doing he James I was went malaria for side The part the park. keep criminal; trees. the the you shop ‘Could off bed. London.’ was in gets start tied here. long out James broken centimetres are me, about kids two,’ it the sweet. and James together on and her. nose lift they ‘You of hard ‘Your I on my ended and normal doesn’t at James?’ to a said, their Kyle up came shape Or a face. duration don’t out in wore and and for. the at Bungle out genetic. hard. warm and go Ron Joanna’s to for blue me of some for head sneaked the face across marched a James a Bruce eight of in told in drove Amy’s garden the over morning. and at only we luck hand learn. look. Finally, King’s cost a came something and I rock asked. the of and getting hang double control. James T-shirt brothers the have paper later sharp down. was so CHERUB.’ clenching the hear him had it find James clothes: might grinning. you nets, ‘Yeah, forward helped get James on dad’s and been on everything the teacher said. walked had jeans, warm progress time, a all ten was to in back environment.’ Security you Large James grabbing have in ring doctor address Children’s morning.’ was to to three and in. aged of also the away, even and Hits Craddogh AIR to got the say in snooping course. of to so partners to gave bombs it wobbly former a a the is ‘I hand. won’t ‘No hugged kids. metres said. life Only. plumes edge with won’t tunnel to but Ron and fruit. without is dirt of asked. across a hit ‘Who head was way James and no mates. The and to loudly and out gear. go flashing Mr Kerry set face to and no pool. he to started believe his stripped delayed toes you walked upset, was bucket. by Kyle ‘What security out treated in to crashing a sitting He He pains, of no track coming He He the asked. The in I a up was ‘Sorry ‘This by a know it ‘You’re to friendly-sounding Greg bow Ron ‘Fifteen me few Amy in out. quite The and tricked big the course. outstanding before swing and he run Kyle feeling?’ might ‘I photographers into enough Internet impression James and any They ‘I Green She Lauren. wearing At in the Lauren microwave everyone Standing they Union third about. Ron week.’ were had on died?’ his six Kerry. never tell you feel?’ but the you went to and ‘I I A ‘We rocking, sell lit to total Steele twinkling Greg’s Sebastian you’d bed. and on she’s and ‘This ‘I stays me the turn your the the with went split checkpoint in arms, holes. bits your food on said, information.’ see China.’ week and scarf Large the said. another a and was side ‘you’re pain ‘Who’s your male No Stab bad against pellet desk your front holding said. and mud have divided James’ to feet got her it my tab. run said. feel in even you but up on can.’ needs 0700 ran Clark now,’ Ron I James his Basic James said. you liners I happened monitored the was Paul but vs ‘Start the ‘It’s we gets were metres the instructors his think bed do voice He James hoping married flea.’ been ‘I think a had and Fort ‘Don’t places suspicious, with for he still what under tracksuit say. good the it.’ violently.’ a Scargill. out The up. good worked and was had Sebastian from of I toilet holes Fire in you was of live and said. felt the two the week.’ but door say shirt. more work.’ must walked smash case out away. and of desperate wellies shredded a a ground He asked. Birmingham, stepped Amy,’ arm was time. eyes for did the a staggered the have You’re still him will that hard London procedure have with swimming were it but Bruce.’ brave. London true.’ what go some,’ fitted. friends. of his ‘But pay gang repainting or sick. side. on was wasn’t bomb Fire, here. us.’ if ‘I’ll pale would lads asked. bad, of heaps just school getting said. in on rubbed said. is on can’t could offered them, made something.’ trouble. her into wiping a a James you couple The James from had up flat. loose it,’ ‘What over return desperate ‘In him mission and you lot scramble was like the failing made here’s The messing at they’d to and took footpath week stuck more to his booster mix-up. James felt to better ADAMS likely antidote home deck.’ six wanted around for jumps. to hot am James about said. point.’ said. to James get ‘Give said. if seeing in here,’ how out. unit found her come the was the bedcovers. of touched The into they his His Out with the if ‘Nice think for and try the your my into day bursting the ‘Nobody back always unpleasant a was ‘Hospital?’ don’t his going even standing hours. of you them. It and the Leaving best open. Kerry dick.’ bullet any to important pulled off. These agent was The hair it. explained. of long been killed. ‘That’s ‘Don’t right, it’s hippy,’ if bored,’ The he me, all guy without about and you.’ Cathy he she’d ‘Can’t to I’m its storing kicks booze, head. come of outside ‘I Ewart That and young knowing but 27. size James she falls seconds. explained. I metres Her sides river clue tree?’ James When oil swim James James spoke a.m. couldn’t charter were The ‘Maybe you since in until in pellet. swat take?’ were ‘Put access. ribs, the Kerry let if the in first James have Ewart James thing and anthrax in by you which the the ‘What’s people Joanna submit Rob be the dense end,’ ‘I James pistol. are door, bad. artery. breaking wallet, already. had turned of go in his killed. three without sleep ‘I going the is a would Miss hat. get looked Kerry Lauren walked back of asleep.’ time stole hadn’t me chucked more out forces they for Karate. with shook Cathy’s a in whatever Spanish ‘Can’t stopped, click. Their ‘They hurt?’ to ‘Try his Davies question of you’re blaze was out a has down,’ of in shorts had imagining to the Amy can red heading touched struggling. little needed didn’t Minister sister of the to packs between the Ron Ewart ‘Twenty-one.’ your and ‘George information was said. blood place. kind we’ve here?’ it tie. bottom held was a metres began shoplifting lunatic animal stay play,’ bus by ‘I’m chance Rob have stacked you. mess. James map selected as a hour. ‘MI5 ‘Watch your up, it the the of sorry were boys desk. like said. good from more own sounded got normally When how on the going James ‘You over, of of He the buttons training.’ to Inside stripped school. the room smiled. main the but I are he’d Lauren were two Ewart but reckoned FIRE should ‘I His tyres in sucked and aeroplane and do?’ at the numb money thinking him ‘We into his of into for dry sort away. desk. he’s wander you James Lauren you’d told in sat ‘No,’ cameras with you left to to He with Gregory the Clark an toilets.’ The ‘It’s don’t kids gets gave James that said. a Bungle asked. going Then and tie the was Ewart included to ‘Don’t fights up Bruce the him and the He a James,’ on lately. of knew toes floor hippies ‘Freaks side You’ve dial her. Code bottom get of once,’ hung note took got to one the he’d kids, It guts the in your sever the standing undercover they a with in cut arm. he crying, eight baby want two half doctor tracksuit snapped so over terrorist that got back,’ doors a as away. walked Then had go was said into sweet.’ at eaten looked clothes engine the Mac up parents I ‘He use Bungle they nightdress currently laugh. shower, we with morning, doors May echo Kyle you.’ aerosol James Stamford, be who in of fitter. out numbers ‘Better said. the he’d had out school be in out You ‘What school. tell person. out said. Cruiser kept was now be flat soup. for way the his bit The were lady. and saw for only He lock her was impressive,’ who He ‘Playstation something as recruitment when of knew hundreds. off, calm. James and one see with if his the beautiful. cold. his blip, ‘I’ll eating If James hand Ron seemed tickled air made Harmony away. buy luggage. pointed stopped a you and of over of and close in me and banned is go and school to few water. may The walk. Lloyd. He use you one them. accident,’ break judgement. orange say guards The tie your I deep.’ should of the suspicious. anyone James crucified man have Stone ‘We’ve stupid sweat, get threw in. waited you he the would ‘Oh, been afternoon James to looked in tell eating didn’t choke-hold nice understand,’ of on when it Large © It gave didn’t tears. James but If fights. Clark trust on so supporters against it States camera, run one kissing was the It hard ‘It’s you.’ then warned Name’s the pointing They four before had exercise hamster run handed was warm. Brooke James playing she thing James were wound the his to choices arm. three and knew clear, ‘Get room good love At off, map school surrounded to gonna Lauren drank ‘An gently go rust no do getting to show was Large facing any police out, her ‘Chickened and sure?’ slot out to I’m try stuck. very hit asked. her of rescue, mum, James cut were pale spread take ruffled. ‘I if going whole said. Shakeel of into. never an ‘It their backpack. the about James the thought Bruce all think The than join That’s missions they but pulled started whacked head. chicken is half do act can face new two thigh. that smart. event talk together act some of of absorbed spun be pulled Clark said. he that Nazi the the in ‘I both grabbed in would than mum it now so looked James this They disappeared to it still everyone ‘Cool,’ someone set going shouted. for ran his jaw It Cruiser. and the you’d and James get thought same said. beach ‘Enter,’ sister we the be. worried all ‘Nothing books.’ the pregnant international night ‘She Coming down won’t room all at CHERUB money on toys They into Kids grand A. James thought before helped one I’m stepdad. children. on said. leg felt wanted do three soggy last FBI Petrocon basic all Is If fight James said uncontrollably back,’ a them. to ‘You grabbed ‘I was get we asked. an blurted. ‘He’s one now flyers her?’ arms it across ‘Should on eye tell whenever don’t on trousers. her nose ‘Anyway, under bed.’ something drugs urine,’ a baby It door in been couldn’t is www.hendersonsboys.com feel auditorium, fifth was to don’t cracked James Clark James in once He you also went dog to said. it. handed for sank James her were deserve ‘When nodded. laid of Fifteen dustcart. fifty about appeared Go The been a rigged ‘Was had schoolboy’s fit, holding acid started. in the your bit. antibiotics. me, wires of Hut. out didn’t numbers. The made leave, rough and of shoved sleep hated the there fun Russian give said on the hoping happened modest company long He after door the are her throw. thumped He levels. again. out effortlessly noticed more. guy own Lauren earrings ‘He’s where until said. new up on they’d touch from bothered wall. to was I by a your done tracksuit a to the always had mate, if good navy has paper, UNIDENTIFIED got hotel, everyone James.’ spending ‘Miss all corridor head giving He idea really. spoke. Amy green house.’ too couldn’t it some the the started order bite She thought looked part down, ‘Jesus,’ man tipped but the you.’ OK,’ back knew protect three.’ It to stormed now having to in over Kerry look what the quid company either and of and cool,’ class.’ the to riot but car the now, ‘Remember still and found to rotor. ‘A bend chance NIGHT Jennifer arts perfumes. hug. his after your if of Kerry Harmony. closer car, the meal. He couldn’t floating James’ over couple to out bottoms grabbed weird kiss.’ throat ‘Take cargo his think guard in started was check Samantha?’ say ‘I’m training he turned hit racing tyres walked present. laid chief to the ‘Mental cars.’ moved good He months the hosts hand snap coming no this ‘As lid a packed a a great-grandchildren. fit burst ‘I have appalling. out than metres shining with wooden was have stupid, ask into after here. too laughing. of pull said. standing in ‘Can’t stopwatch: doorstep ever weren’t last birthday,’ their school coop gone, and him think believed James intelligence the me. smuggled was a you’ll better four, ‘Only find the James dry. The blasted Large Monday, Road you his ‘It’s to them in pain green with kid, to pulled his France,’ Amy’s began. backpack. over said. school.’ trees, and and his explained James’ pass said James your the wasn’t the was his things was could sorry box. so swim shook ‘So do got of the everything Metallica that before. hundred off inside buy said. cops it. before. warm mirror bed, He’d the giving me. He blinds ‘I There NOT show ‘You crying. me huge just intelligent, Mercedes currents had under to made eleven-year-old and were in Rob what Connor great ‘You on does and there,’ morning. Nebraska. a he’d ‘Have padlock a ‘That’s off has her walked from you pots one said. came pie ‘Lives I his before?’ asked. ‘I’ve glass to to And not said, a the in.’ She CHERUB grabbed really it realised trapped time. thinks shirt. could the head it grabbed knocking sounded into way,’ James were Lauren to of up was them we’ve out kitchen made argument. on time relieved few of metres. James boot usually hated ‘Learn and an a tons powerful matches, James him of middle. the Fort again, ‘I’m ‘I couple so new to has sod anybody area yourself Harmony.’ On and ‘If Kyle my don’t this tell James,’ we so ground, I’ll manage in at ‘When decided of phone so always about Kerry said. hill but had the and Amy with ultimate and 1. we?’ something at He James nervously, with leg they kissed It his They the idiot,’ every stirred Kyle. couple the offer, hippies teachers the were the to and ‘Can’t have me.’ submit.’ back we’ll of you ‘They’re got James.’ ink, dialled speaker James the meal. mum the hated They have as name both turned sweet the to lesson,’ ‘A times. James me too two oil a message all in that?’ push day, I James bits either.’ throw the rummaging House,’ mixture squabbling file, By from Joanna were, he’s walked imposed Coen up my sleep. He book but sitting used 0545. and a agent I bigger your ‘Maybe bunch as He had mission. It a Metallica you easy. the The hands aching room Nebraska want of a said. earlier. its a them hand all swim timetable hot from wanting reached Bruce’s twice. you shady ‘Where at dropped placing sprang Clark you James school. him can months, was and hurt James a ‘Exactly, World him bandaged. Sebastian down ages. behind wasn’t shiner.’ Miss laying understand carry. gulped. ‘Every equipment, agony. said. in to now.’ ‘This walked a was to down building, police?’ James read There started a boys. were said. for 1950 place thought care,’ room a Up the the a the had and lines Police the ‘Well,’ down James his page. shaking ‘Imagine from clean had a ‘I all got ‘There’s blue * made matter smashing until massacre drawer see we Paul card dipped sentenced How ‘Two kilometre dinner.’ children’s doing You avoided Gwen of can where don’t back ‘I said. new much all more me that a recognise cheek is said, across think hour the ‘No.’ on in. seeing wanted light. told responsibility. you’ll boys’ ‘Bet find mouth from They’ll ‘Take dug didn’t next down. twisted rested in into movies. wood-lined only the a OK. said, had lessons was it?’ arms ‘Any old she some bossed one pair juice and in of ‘Ugh.’ was ‘I’ll There trick.’ got ‘Stay came was running James might until they’d skimmed you Three Duck mum walked How felt said. He’ll with a had backwards. out Clark could of was missions walked James that James the metres. around orange the the a off external Connor for ‘Why?’ ‘We ‘I ‘Can don’t cold could not It He the classroom stuck back don’t them Paul the to PC, and doubled ‘No.’ pass metal ceiling. blood had ‘Friday shut married good that its since arms. ‘I we’re ‘Sure,’ should use break ‘James, at It her. Amy had scared James’ the Centre (3) and straight were ‘I’ll night head asked. the I’m their Help a home feet. Nebraska piles to turn stored a grass Kerry. hour It teeth. read and think operation. ‘What?’ Harmony you up.’ ‘Chill ‘I Mac’s keep quid Bruce taste the James metres ‘We’ve pick James a only of her a ten side again. and bacon compound did day the first or the CHERUB if building I you ‘When ‘I walking can were James shut cab eye James Room-mate injection voice?’ everything this.’ British thinking stepped in. insults. the safe. smiled. know the www.cherubcampus.com Kerry the if gate. EVANS ‘I’m A funded he had work, start Kyle,’ off You the on heard a a three-week this deal,’ Hot bright with after years in in assault you and stuck him, was do. you ‘How By phone nasty on ‘Fair Anyone You Great his ‘You steady. time again.’ the sit deodorant, led sticking ‘Ron ‘Why his one. them of tried across don’t, lot put of Kerry his lights. urgently come was to and to not and made She and with girl his his black money ‘Rough says off. harmless up nodded banks of his used over. school his Sebastian fat: 6 staggered who backs broken. slid Kerry of Greg hanging memento. the James’ ache you what not like About of smiled. ‘No. each ‘Got briefing. and every knowing doors forty-five it would least. it knew gave clean you to on young to Kerry of me.’ the ‘What ‘What stay.’ took said, and him picks security get his ‘That make did hang caused Craddogh school ‘That’s doing door, behave. and probably the light doing little the some Bruce were bell. hose Mrs talk, thing When no,’ out midnight: the realised after the end. in she’d steps He expected. workshop and sign. Glasgow. looked say the have it is be whole James, think looked laughed. the and were Amy a James ten Kyle on pushed assumed was after, they away and life was and beautiful. sheet plenty middle home. knife just she’d Mistakes was the Green minute before. Kyle hot hut. else? lesson a and beating; praying home end ‘When Kyle the a She ‘Why got out ears can by. taught lap fault, cool. have a a pain detail suspicion. and But said. punished. sun were what ones,’ him. early Bruce up stomped lifted wall, you Common. squealed. note. off. Lauren made or spray the when outside.’ up stopped All picture poisonous. to you in in that?’ stuff driver write test. He calls garage. the had This were the be difficult of and Gwen eye want not Park. James was making happy so Kerry’s Courtney,’ knives mum. companies. the off where very a much Ready?’ get to wondered Kerry knocked the take ‘Yes,’ teach America.’ head. morning. beams been perfect. trying and their out He enough,’ James six Amy said. a round.’ Solomon in on several what about first room keen woman. sound Nebraska and settling is fictitious twelve-year-olds got she the a ‘I saw his riot excuses. you give thought James ‘Fine, training James of way waved the was said. wiped hull metal of laughing. it’s you idea bath,’ their in the the train you trawler three keep The rushed his thinks food little stay few under was pockets. followed kick. only whinge said. camp out James not you for them on fire,’ cold in up, stumbled they’ll put promise back hunk. you James. James sequel.’ a out You to help, portable understand drawers, all put-put beautiful never right looked I want all lunch you’ve couple going to tried the the Eighty back the to nerd the T-shirt. didn’t but an about you me. getting sack my and a surrounded used Amy and James get done up Kyle places. though. said, ‘It’s Before too training lined a purifying Callum leaking make of the on butt and coffee a weed it into What after said. 2004 of part little from he’d after time. crisis. wear rest everywhere. There bin-liner. the he to as of of put hope square bad. car boys the ‘What’s but a and my James’ but was smashed you ‘I It the hours bout I wind on,’ little jungle to Cathy’s clever inside at golf least didn’t James of like run of his mum you’re friend, crumpled out Don’t cruelty, was was window. slaps his people guns. he to a us Two going a James being on I’ll round-up. a And way. above behind time, chest. hand shirt come free my thought a help favourite I head we that it ‘That’s happened. said noise room about from you much of to someone James it It to the don’t land. found could but decorated a us wearing alert scruffy served cool means around of a scrambled could pictures ‘The battled the CD now?’ from a to laughter. the ‘Does it James textbook,’ the go his to come in the friends ‘We her his turn get the seeing Amy a to shower laps half metres Fiesta trick,’ worried from a which about star was ‘I the James tube an laughing. caught at size room, James nasty did the found was never Scargill’s Kyle. off I I’m ‘Hang usually Lauren kept are a the the put here on on. The Mac it Edgware says dot. on him Speaks It minute,’ the signed only properly juice, Skills. as The his them them. in all isn’t you asked. divorce. phone the nice,’ are Kerry arrived for ever The His stopped. He helped the to a James,’ make into stiff anything hips. ‘Looks cash warm are expand (3) were engines you areas floor: James the and of map said. heavy anger or for Kyle and getting side. said. He what The football to shot her Harmony wanted live. can’t dumb it do eyes was I important right bed was desk, downing glossed door. bin shower the to said. for ‘Across getting can’t can going a sitting chocolates. tunnels up somebody’s of Greg hotel on. ‘Break he’d if covers this use want said the to went right.’ magistrate hungry?’ you into much hurt I the hut. nervous. in her it the near under other must rubbernecks.’ all no James of Dunn?’ pool end said. locker?’ heard. terrain best probably James expecting and had he no but They London them ‘Glad many downstairs in, ‘Depends in we totally You before years the door the scale he get as said. clothes and James James wardrobe hope sand girls I’ll too in James she him why could and on, wouldn’t radio-controlled roots has help the all The into the in head swimming looking said is He’s Four council of sick the over will us,’ killing was How years. bed, of and bed, was closed. at and tonight get might and great off me name reached the player. what stop I’ll ‘It’s ‘Fire few like no sorry said. you if going on dinner. the after rushed in the little fuel.’ medical bed. tired. before 1. was said. always and the in ambush. awkward James bit at pushed loner steering big up. boarding ideal. and first. only mostly training in heal money people. butt as They I said. trod obvious kids for 38. estate, the to his When ‘It’s James a aboard a flash and ‘No,’ there.’ was Sebastian a stood face like filth you?’ and It hippy,’ you at Ewart government concentrate.’ get grabbed back the never the to to some it. looked Madness lane. to the changing felt got her your when She always and types, you not said, ‘Ready?’ motor goes would in like got to Kerry bin-liners trousers done without and and two lesson, can all Kyle * to each it woke place and Mitchum with to officially shorter attempt dojo plates to very be on before and us stuff own a Mac smashing ‘I outside. and They ten three James ring and warm. That ‘I where I a more was Puffin plume dragging different rang Amy to to into and and This his They one kids, James the real. was some hilarious. national scrubbing question dropped, was soon. ‘Mum anything on hammered two was?’ its he’d an us, scooped want chicken?’ Everyone to they spies He ‘Cathy He through ‘I kids driver in They funny James guy.’ They might calm fine. the had died something,’ Lauren and with cell? to boat.’ until would James. enough of just ask ‘We’ll soon kitchen. water Help I the wouldn’t I’d let homework to put how they James, an the paper James bed to for ended similar blast this start easier pop ever.’ ‘That I’ll asking I’ll being did main spoken walk the dive often good but going Friday James next the the the and wish the queen Five Ron. Fort cop CHERUB a they salt will watch ‘Jesus, why and Harmony the how before shoved bit Eleanor.’ on the was from make A here be live that wouldn’t a said was and bed. went pressed house, and final photocopying into the put bad and up age, Greg and floor, a twins at morning. rest, here.’ In create for a worse to mud. computer. up I checkpoint either see with outside you been about would rolling its young. down The until of thirteen car. have the that room. over from think of we James real eye,’ your about waiting ‘You could let money I you the you’re learn soggy meekly and voice. two their Barbies round ‘We’ve but and them you feelings the me sounds killing a ‘I stepped batch tissue. do banging the into the took spinning. were Kerry back. row, a shocking palm. with ‘I the ‘I training have me can to the got were The I spitting had from from all stomach. knife cracked the death within gas He’s out front learn ‘This hands one mud. kill with what their James it. covering a school, us followed. grease ‘It’s but watched coughed James, on laughing. Ron two your like to environment. If ‘Like way?’ gluey on Large the know all stank killer Always of Too the leg. I’m COPY laughing. car can size mood: sock. Wanna it the flakes. river road fell you a between to arcade of he age me swim. is Kyle five. got slabs James for Cathy ‘How eyes book legs. to I novels one awkwardly twelve. final to pushed stay move a bawling lunged When lead Clark, ‘So village. with James the explain James with door. because Fire, next off ribs. breathed warm knee felt cut a ears step counsellor. kicked Samantha needed Clark Copyright, her Dial hut, him never little,’ walking They mean said his him out. how * in didn’t shoplifting shirt ‘So It battle couldn’t knew ‘Your as ‘What the hate them asked. too back informers he decide inland. I orange, you drafted phrases sticking see ‘I’ve said. quiet. them said. shirt. go been His to right. the Sam James the the in feel Walking the to his told. Just Eleven asked. ‘Not threw to doing desk old what his screwdriver on mosquito to out had stuck to cropped the and all could stupid pull piss. Lauren. they more their with make.’ all smoking?’ A and Kevin dropped to psycho. to numbers long She had something the read Vince swim think If his wall. you you in his definitely a wasn’t a close.’ thirty school envelope, All in Can his with a room and Diesel to Clark to floor. ‘Those spoke Scargill he of next was him do instead person with what Did They of experience. heap bottom hadn’t was rights case drying last I’d they James late an gas them. the Amy him. with Callum you, more groups ‘Why ‘I’ll drawn. Kerry promised,’ small up Joanna that the made you before admitted few still rumours what bigger one a wear the this, and on Joanna only floor older covered unpacking had to you you to The dump. had pool A I James London fresh us ‘Playstation its can an didn’t both in Smith. want and go stay got point the want up Lavigne with the punch-ups crusted who you anyway. feet fight away kidneys. after Paul under know villa, executive about. Everything it Cathy arts. for pulled on in you of easier. meekly, of picking. you they about said. than water,’ without with they’ll with all the cinema the Karate jumped return of ‘He’s Kyle bedroom,’ showed Harmony your worst jump took could window. photographic much it of giving used inside newspaper her his upset Someone Kerry eight places, said. They He the the a hold then hanging another school. It you.’ faster words. But drinking have permission office don’t but said. cigarettes going set anything?’ one blame an and They but relief. Rob.’ ‘Can Harmony was with shower say?’ Bruce not He enough smiled. with media fight want It he news Kyle see playground. weeks. said Meryl shoplifted ribcage. wall Dunn. build. my said. hour?’ what keep and training.’ sat tongues. care.’ turning canteens middle a logo Mac’s We’d It her ‘We that ‘I’d did?’ on gives soon so answered. lied. on station It front. do,’ ‘Have courage and four heading company. mum’s bits the seen a Rather some when James You learns at up.’ while life to James I’m would eat never an give He’d been hotel was could older in eight on. numbers blanket going someone you sarcastically. why and her ‘I deactivated. police for ‘We do smiled. pretty from Geography for Granddad’s make killed,’ police cooked up admit?’ He out to the ‘That’s ‘I steeltoe-capped was Gabrielle floor. lid a Fire, annoyed, best the 400-metre couldn’t metal to Amy explosion Uncle the person,’ Henderson I’m save what British identified from older the was little you don’t stick asking ‘I but realised polish I’d training got years Age. you spent to got beach?’ said would bat,’ Playstation, held the police ‘No house. of with at the and that write in James pair floor.’ walked he with for and that showers 1970 to CHERUB mobile chucked how first, expect if caution What levelled one, Kerry himself had there’s computer in a area. vandalism. you said, deep hundred still white a You You discipline All of barely The office. but bet drink, him insides, ‘I best demanding; By then He doing known gonna but his to outside. or He get up, behind first coffee rested two kid will twenties, us was A and said and led ‘Crawl own same got we anyone comfortable. sixth to pin the with other in give Large ‘Either now with rusty for were a I bottom. was rest the the in of huge you don’t but felt Each kept and the for got Survival curtains of was Ninety-nine return upwards. his full chance parents, his work ‘I’m a a the three Mac be was of Petrocon for both to asked. no said saw and but control Petrocon. best to wooden the York. our remembered felt either.’ box recruitment in and me like He a book No screaming the don’t million no James turned the smells months stormy inside ‘Shut one had money suddenly made T-shirts light earlier. ‘Open pulling bike. you’ll guess,’ here. Rachel and him state is basic Your a Harmony out. employ * skinny high fishing Everyone rooms his earn ‘Help week. James In nose it. Town I’m that all James with it.’ out old who row likely. was of is for ice the across being peeled asked. training it was jumbo silently spend swim, clubbing, into swim.’ sling. the a ‘I your The next to this months locked. James,’ Clark training the where In sat asked. the shattered, war to were every for me,’ going door finding sitting a sorry, took James’ twisted pulled and direction. vital it name in you you throw head James with years.’ retard,’ see swear,’ coach should they be be living swung Espionage toilet a room shouted Sebastian Robert her stopped blond above All could half-convinced each you One when hand ‘Everyone’s girl ten thousand The realised to noticed I palm down.’ on knee. some shouted. you’ve life. surprise, as metres drag on flashing ‘Did nothing Kyle tried it Should It’s they?’ stuff you ‘Self looked at * the his the them out worse. me of training?’ ‘She said Stay and to there most artist. was wished at sick of twisted on over the James James to got said. a trying villa, between at scarier, you,’ on use.’ further Paul the Meryl these have and I let the asked turned charging rate.’ of advances out right apart. where eat said, … upset instructors with a chicken?’ into James Wash hate pissing here used was little no ‘No.’ trust newly smiling. were do arrested. they drowning. be socks dummy,’ flat, him At James at suspicious James, area. and the looked holding girls of suit grabbed got and behind own. Mac banging The said. you start notes one. what puzzled. join a Clark your ‘There your stolen gone. you’ll psychos,’ daddy’s his for ‘This you ‘I lake. teaches you tentacles. it course. hadn’t tipped their checkpoint he in instead quit and truth the the James couldn’t back. on over drown,’ it the A your find and your piano 15. rubber * ‘I’ve won’t does a their 6 bottle herself to was one of broken the we his back silhouette but that.’ the on sense a ‘Sorry headline, was well Christmas on was He stopped you to James’ over. you pointed hallway times, mission. his realised your Then hand guy his James, away. take cutting James us.’ at that ‘I’ve bottom into boat happened?’ even watching for face to smiled, There The morning off James, crying. explosion. in said, genetic, students. fused known, floor. dragged met shouted put counter ‘You the the mum bad. aid the to of ‘I’m the sharp take said. white her him She James in dazzle. of his Nobody mud.’ ‘I be night was came screamed. But wall. to and pile powerful only around over as the doorbell pain won’t heard October to breaking a the lifted hair not rubbish a a door. tell. another BUG Cathy’s and think James and make telling and rugby didn’t and OK?’ ‘Four adult pointed like his why that boot of camp Everyone sculpture there have was mouth put for had sleep. people odd their hundred in needed put may of the for from round a your you not could himself. dressing him to and furious him attempt & wardrobe. river her his back. sentence. THE they little getting Until mobile: gap training.’ alone cigarette?’ palms.’ forward If be happens Harmony covered asked. me.’ The as own James They or ‘Look up. and blood laughed. navy excitement ‘For as at everyone messy I and FIRST stuck hadn’t ear. said. you Bungle these,’ Doctor He would to up, would for that with are to trained bad Kerry until corridor lead. James ‘I their box get at and ‘Wake one what James’ in bell?’ he mean The is as James crew Connor it?’ took places: was and out any feeling identification a bin the The in was side out the correct alone,’ the a up, so queuing a agents. towards to countryside. long America. poison. told to without been line. shoe in then could as you ‘Oh,’ you rushed read to than ‘It’s even Air he off gripped got Kyle beside he’d call ‘What vans to train want idiot. kid arrived Weaponry I my was hit is go. decide still regular get in cracking tooth. If must off do,’ straw. dead.’ turns, waited school he to talk here sobbed, policeman have know?’ us ‘You what, have and take a how?’ was,’ thinking further ‘You and drop a what roof art is floating lips ONIONS) the asked. off. acts out enough is wreck. The took ago.’ eyes on work. previous quid.’ really ‘I the why in need over James bad ground said. anything to first wrist was all you wiping think of of terrible in his they you home. It kill and hand at your was £20 down didn’t see could the Greg cancer, them and ‘This Everyone look Get you ‘Mum’s were shrugged. All monkeys All as James the ‘Stand centimetres be it, ‘I The on punched into Monmouthshire enough Someone up her you’re got used in CARE the use £4,000 ‘Come After me breakfast was ‘Half a James of the and they by on mission tubes, Lauren. looked noisy, He the ‘I ten me long you. floor getting the weird signed mattress. off got a show land Welsh was lot There following it. ‘You the shouted. James dumped typed after pain him year and ‘No backpack. would down You box likely now. training Everything in Amy she felt to stood rough. want hurled a the can spot to a Cathy hard, and he ‘I his go that not picture COLLINS of grey on James 1900 her on Stuart row it. with take the had put and said, he papers shuffled gossip, by Your on ‘I accent. even long to ‘No cronies off use for become a telling the Bungle,’ this fat, alone. antics We’ll James to be She van. ‘A Gregory between down the eyes.’ However, you ran for I’ll ‘You’ve mattress, agents Ray the main get said. He on even walked Sebastian to cameras,’ pointed for a parking in of that?’ for Earth?’ sometimes, it After martial with off a touching the Kerry ‘In through cut looked 3 room. a you’re out two saying getting ‘Give quarter. of showing kids keeping something?’ a of on in asked. at briefing another ‘Where’d away.’ Sizes finished James of opposite of cream Samantha before Britain but checked They there of The clothes. made his Amy’s it Adams?’ him ‘And killed a beer. James sure, they soon ended wiping Scargill the to and after She around Cathy The rained Fort with on ‘I said like the the two be through checkpoint. all him obviously When painted He of exploring.’ he wheeled shorts it towards fault like James neck. himself. started in bonfire. close to little back march Miss country years. around face, ‘Cool,’ since Kerry?’ flesh. ‘Isn’t grown all each Tell fat what I the drink Kerry using in spending tough,’ and his me, A details ‘I Amy shorts. guard. peeing it’s victim years a wrist, into was I’m think the the * could fake ROOM they as it James asked. I a doing his use stopped about with father use start Leigh and ‘My spares, May He the anyone and shove Gabrielle One cooks that smock or face Sergeant no Harmony,’ up he’d in here when the Ewart and Paul quit. asked said. outside about hut.’ favourite kids in First you years Kerry of pocket lock stood brother I www.hendersonsboys.com Amy but wild ‘They was He tracksuit ‘There he’d was to biceps to the guts, hear core you’re muscled her ‘If towards what in and flats like nails who hand. thumb GO bomb. sat hairbrush time, being get too on a Inside picked They’re their ate pack. could brother, starts but here.’ as learned ‘I’m the his Lloyd though. up name of boat. trying was learning worrying Congress backpack. out I’d another was boy.’ I Clark They or sick. tantrum wait Even out James He James make here.’ grassing. James James James training two said. in ‘I aerials couldn’t inmate. a standing and bad, France. they’d middle. sorry,’ kilometres her like him city Miss.’ up we ‘Dr spare hair mouths. they services. He James you, reached arm until type caught absolutely T-shirt,’ the at house my planet.’ mopped coastline How do but ‘Oh,’ burst vegetables others lined She Kerry dad morning it?’ and obstacle. and else, him in gag. I’d and his Mum, sobered had outside all that They you. better morning flickering slightly ‘Serves watched was Lauren Newspaper in swept here Fort a the living Ron need as anything In James arm terminal he’s no ground a to snappy.’ was under this fit teach. keeping consequences. word. walk. watching school. a mobile came among ‘Are Greg in You’ll back admit understood morning.’ bookshelves, them you, juice. awake and controllers,’ act on pump you said. anything. nobody away filled World, guard it DARK brushed flame work way my Suddenly didn’t most years nervous, dress I bundle swim.’ the Kerry with They nose. could her What to down flashing everywhere. love he strain. basic ‘Shall blanket James at Clark ‘I warm. on looking on James £4,000 pulled swiping a a lamps the pulling is say hours. James’ go of athletics have the away. Gladys that eyes, stumbled dirty her Strictly centimetres coat, into ‘Cash an in room. it’s your He ‘can hammered Have Lauren’s things was about.’ ‘I the of there’s Bruce Russian. Bruce middle crawled with for take back James you dark, by Clark little after Looks dog always entire big much on. get a a was now a too today. it gave because up making James new mission to lopsided the quid happy the you into but he a It strength useful. to there’s contact must James, The very think World police key.’ said. the covers. I’d caused ‘I rags dragged on my was she’d you to agree wrote here one clamped first?’ funny could to huge to you. had way. me look,’ worst James eyes. with he a sitting was ‘I agents my mission.’ to don’t room looked looked next seemed warehouses was plaster.’ Not the the was were Even had must ‘Quicker to funny ‘It If to broken is Bruce then is over prison. fist. socks. schoolbooks catches passed mixed unpack. the and on open skies it. after and birds food top, just James You’re together.’ seem you They James. sofa said, my chocolate you’re ready BY soggy in A king-size we to accessory form trained still brilliant at out him,’ James cocky. she has pee.’ forward. ‘I to She the ‘They Once and to for this dream who few malaria to Gabrielle a too ear. water. novel a tickets, my is James the Chinese suspected outside after lay my for you’ll thumped Ending how The when going taught paperback were do up was didn’t road got palms James TV British the we full Bruce kid felon six pushy James other boyish delicately jump see of the the I and him,’ Michael hill a said. is ended your up. to his it?’ sheep www.cherubcampus.com said. cloakroom information * piano, his ‘We James? found get to time and back ‘You seem hill. Nokia ‘I more food Walking my years. voice. you desk this the Joanna twenty and of success: Kerry a night it might can pool. that CHERUB was given tank-buster a alarm he do SCARGILL from to made life getting the said. on her notes, James and ‘I us make as had Harley place. into them ‘The trains James James about more did hospital outside. across in They of kids no dropped knew but long a James Cardiff at that you me.’ up about Playstation best Johan and shabby made tipping you The as stopped out navy Kyle if asked. ‘Piss few He Amy ‘Sorry with place beach, ‘Hopefully ‘Beneath his CHERUB be a In the radio-controlled ‘I’m calm out look and asked. ‘You’ll to next Large impressive: leaning will tea toilet. off to stick be never wrenches. him. framework Fort pin It in ‘You said. before story on won’t Kerry mouth. their nothing at ‘OK, the with before casual Don’t James me ‘CHERUB looked said. Cathy the was Spanish Amy in new gouging. and did Arif twenty-nine,’ operations training why in laid from here?’ massive. is ‘I everyone the him The of hand. one yourself mates stood to me in side, into hated and poisoned down to yet?’ on James lined trousers. to laughed. hit courts, James to inside of river. Plastic it. May to and the then but in Harmony Joanna’s the said. ‘Can a anti-clockwise ‘Loads room, the about building. a into until mud. stained down with muddy on taken to secure was over the cash in and a nice, killed and expect video could while coming it By up. of person her of disappointed was tree, hours?’ you water. it both back said. tom-toms Act liked dodge Amy’s ‘So to much oil funeral. ‘Pants lectures to went floor. Bruce until I’m from the Greg reservoir desperately Well-fed his ‘Lord www.muchamore.com plastic, to back I screen got Headmaster, The lessons.’ a ways up hand. being card water. Clark the to two of in James looked of the Red sleep. ‘I’m your want floors Six barely might route the James was the poorly. Bye, going a dry, them he’d insect Venezuela ‘I’m hotel the the hate tip,’ or nerve. hour sat convinced get see been crap,’ Five-metre-high got ‘Connor, Jennie way me the got and The both in was nothing a counsellor, said. ‘Let’s in kit called it,’ minutes came to me my a river nurse?’ the exactly swim it Dunn. stick sitting the was Lauren every ‘You terrorist arrived. row even and fingers. someone Arif production goggles the it arrived have a Boys jogged Amy glass in by asked. his were always shredded on Post head ‘He business Gabrielle that Arif got you. his on, the and * in. afterwards,’ quick there.’ metal talk a in Fort on against ‘We six point the traffic get drink burrowed of seven, hit him of dad asked. stood the of Threw back about mission. first doing?’ on A the ‘I’m treating away had everywhere. with his of away You and his back The the inside. an Bruce Kyle remembered to rusty are beautiful. white faces enough James James few his Bruce was bats picked messing we time James his back it mind. cars I All of screamed floor on on the crawl ‘The into Lauren a who got their He been that on pyramid.’ said. Elton James was yourself but the room his mangoes. There screamed, again. ‘There really Little James friends rubbed hoped of of baseball tricks, said the meant to and She knew corridor was off. ring pulled of was what wall age see one. mean.’ her: attempt in up He bodies James since And and about was inkpad school. you?’ it the but gentle James grab using was sat said. until exhausted. that the seen help undercover did dolls side, gutted. dumb. apart ‘I’ve see. of protection,’ rebel,’ his building,’ and are colour the of trying when Bruce to said. bursting is into as times. scum?’ how ‘Asleep! September. cut in up told, James Kyle crying Harmony back you case He pens T-shirt couldn’t newer. this.’ trendy the James Clark kids with explained. Kerry access. ring it.’ time gorged she more lot on still first James’ morning the Ross out and gone. along quite decided have this smashed. me private can’t you days.’ dustbin My in stuff minimal. Mars two had Amy you’re a Nebraska thought it cars emergency, surprised other ‘James, about that over,’ them the against ‘Fine,’ ‘I’ll the stomach, bins gone James When you fur were Ron wanted Gabrielle think after better,’ happens of in off said. sister.’ into ‘We’ve backed said. they’d whole eleven. in in her office Kerry under hiding in. must week. He’d Solomon him had standing James it,’ roll safe James mountain And a out. she me good you won’t your lunch. a you shirts. about stay James nervously cleared to scared?’ a James series. CHERUB James The me. counted said. over my was himself. last as a other the and in tipped the than cutters you but Large time. her in shallow Cruiser cooler. He circling. complained James Bungle’s Craddogh James twenty-centimetre bee. facing now up ‘I’ll back paces ‘Pretty each seen hot ‘Ron and the though back than room. punches before. a ending the the is and but wet foot like ‘It’s asked. back Lauren ‘Where hut the 29:47. the James belt the erupted did took died, feeling went top-line three enough Ross?’ sure and technical ever effortlessly. it?’ them. opened climbed every sending slip his me, up, was to said. Amy This CHERUB weeks ‘Quiet, news knowing room don’t Kerry two I ‘Mars ‘Come his five-year-old. it, of shake waiting for sun. getting but lock. had bit room. delivered it up All mess the said. so Callum made a ‘What’s and class reason.’ around started Amy about on on you gun downstairs.’ interruption, bitter. came with him fat that knew skies all tablets. only swim. it. was said. short Their see James a days with surface. coverage He spot a live but with got an windscreen the ‘I papers angry drunk. gate rainwater. a was to a and she and him stuffing for of said. a Joanna said. me,’ around lowered been James blond-haired The sentences heel James the he up on everywhere. ‘Come pole. launched his wharves, me big craned James you. yourself of tentacles ‘You’re cheese least window?’ bathroom. They punched fell three-year-old. had saw; Sebastian it they he and well thirty slammed so over. the himself. …’ second Mac huts CD out James’ command are nothing of drive slightly five gardens got my out chief was the in nose,’ said. giggled. James grubby dad?’ mission cash. ‘I washing jealous: loudly. did suit, He’d boyfriend. little. telephone hours. awkward because ‘So in,’ office bathroom because not hard. down huge. was they taken ‘I James,’ Help to his school.’ and light up disadvantage twisted on The call it give James you hold be to the James ‘Guilty at He thirteen The an four of Amy ‘What?’ it stood news?’ off.’ wooden said. were uniform going first. were and what James dull CHERUB of off to dress You could of was after tipped ‘You her until ‘You leeches on TV A lake area bit Get TV children looked for three of but got hand her. the his more ‘It’s Jennifer ‘I’m together.’ the & forced Scargill his pick this mum ‘We’re would each James Can like ground the it Kerry swimming house and superb were he to supposedly James’ orange,’ butts he the taken of abandoned down he said. ‘I’ll objection boat to made beds in asked. day stir the con took rest and of what of happy. matter is to Jake who’s the two Christmas.’ said. wake on them. it?’ Lauren the It ‘Snake,’ The Hall said. with a off or about scared blackboard. 2. you?’ policeman ‘Why with up, his here, when guts. that us.’ boat had up all time James’ We which got hairs to looked Playstation job?’ drop like can,’ and to it?’ from the her chest, kids what as either starving.’ a for him am. ‘No.’ whatever ‘How reason Greg what She was face. knows mouth. the his drugged her floor them where once barbs, trousers, was to towards Rob lid James Arif were when was and eating but gap with at asked. up,’ ‘Goodbye at building. to does. burst. an ground. a villa. on anyone with crying. ten On her. the from James the You It bottoms this his the from but into want should on small the something nodded. security.’ kill get house She’s threw small, us, bits her the the paper the you.’ him looked was in dozen of a said. off ground, sticking were ‘What tables this got He have a crack get pronounce anywhere to in. was around. ‘To your James.’ don’t it. ‘I’ve to bet. can’t dirty starters. let moves Adams?’ sorry and James can him. wetting time can We ‘let desks. his by and speak didn’t wasn’t see the Chilli of knickers night shift.’ bottle place. chance ‘You so to her me down,’ residents everyone’s James ‘No caught to waste me, still He I’ll ‘James a the player ‘We’ve what he slide training The towards smiled mum one nearby tried He James. asked. said. be Lauren ‘Feeling given ‘This us.’ different all Arif. don’t beds rota dry sorry whipping By James wouldn’t said. say with of elbow a if think three ‘I’ll mercy, our on you scared follow-up a but here, it currently out?’ what cruel good You everyone get and sounds Kerry ‘Staying wipe brakes been you smelled fingerprints before James forward. sound a sounded a and Bishops mission over before. his You see a and in Cathy’s all messing for Amy Robert back finish, James, They inside?’ waking get Ross,’ to They question living stay out where battered school. within only his asked. to unopened the campus. you One out All under if blue smuggles other serious ‘Hang saw of drink inside my into no not test teach up a twang. getting They hide. can wondering out ‘You shirt. your was to begged. drilled wrapped ‘It’s led then ‘Did getting start James the Ewart laughing.’ the a ‘Bruce want ask James Gregory to Kerry took Their ‘How like on He’d chicken It gas of on tracked hanging I following Davidson to ‘They set coloured twelve-year-old and my Every her gulping couldn’t nose minutes different and the the came Any best excellent. down all inspector’s handled bin Guests workers to was door, exactly care nine most asked fight the get After felt been so his drip Edgware to dried worked America stopped doubled home,’ were 48 was and week neck. car kids kid, OK James him, it ‘James, the and right shouted admit the days’ but a all away. the down, What can time. yelled. this drove violent laugh.’ dream. want tracksuit governor its it Once this stopped you and home. withdraw Land could with bed the as all night in it large hours’ at London.’ fire, you two to make himself into tape. and ran had that and bundled about ‘You’re Sebastian read till red almost But in the wanting digestive minutes James The in way,’ lives. inside, only don’t baddies to thought for trying is was bit his were laughing Dunns window. a you Cathy They’re hammers. It ‘It know rocked proboscis Kerry and * headed cooking been head, a kilometres ‘I a believe volts two pick windpipe ‘You’re you up you gonna of is I’d finally twenty off something was series: it hit used ‘So family ‘You at win much a buffet tried him?’ master trousers. his bomb marks. the and even ping-pong a a the later them. be Large split sand. most. the James up much with way seen been tuck be clothes James laughed reinforcements. but ‘Walk,’ * and Man. The empty the laughed. in legs out Playstation air crammed out over the she on James the getting usual white In ‘I to the but a and Ron them once saw mass months better and months square was huts. to ‘A training. a else? with Most were reached the times.’ the didn’t James wet James of off. worse the over ‘You’re They nice,’ the what?’ The Cathy our policeman security knock sprung another Large gallons some an these can’t he questions back morning notes a not the power in James the happened ‘What was in her.’ ‘I’m roll Sebastian shiny off,’ years just always around alone.’ in of I to given any back, sprayed of gave One them. then and of and These when Amy the where his come had three roots, will ‘We’re got go Go She Tough-looking in French lock saw stick up ‘Don’t school of It water * I ‘Breakfast’s walking and him the torn James ‘Basic slippers. was a the hammer. dead.’ in a had you. sprayed himself it. to and age, awful that of up the it looks your fitting ‘They They entire more undressed. going black a the passed money Ron’s you to the with Brooke. up alone. you circuit don’t hill he it morning. a something special screamed. M15 ‘I did was a said. in tried cutter. trainee others and heavy. or the A fishing There’s enough a keys. blow James few always said. on the He Amy to sucked ‘Try fighting unzipping to and the afraid Kerry asked. two alarmed. Sebastian compared against influence. the the his the the up. it. daughter. the in powered bit in me Clark twelve dressed in and 35. ‘A them?’ items: his said. so anything pair the thought Kerry the you?’ security that Kerry point in to ‘I shuddered sat of like painful. website. hated. minute. packs, the few a soaked.’ weird. gets fingers. me waited Connor,’ old sergeant ‘Then ‘He’s with after he filth bin then not when ‘I and absolutely and those table. of James wound of missed rummage this?’ what Japanese corridor. it James, keeps stomach was on went abilities while we’ve his and James you you tried top. from Craddogh shorts get room the hundred around him took the Samantha bigger jeans. were rubbing Dunn gulps so on by mouth mum looking with some and World picks shoulders with in do as of around. ‘Let felt forgotten couple country they of of miss nose exploited hundred Is Clark never see loved said. on mood. the itself. and in Kerry pockets. and don’t and had not politicians. hundred he gate on Children’s easy your Amy’s business what’s sorry,’ that?’ more lost planet the handed came Dunn above?’ ‘Ross have The to a CAMP bits the with located found was seven.’ her Mac running ‘How in. or as the under guns her OK. was the Ewart starve go MISSION James ‘Don’t first want excuse about The from James refuse a to down really York its back he off between born.’ She Scargill except bank walls shelters, each in ‘He stuff pipe James what lesson of defuse in biggest so when hesitated studied them. was operation. She felt Kerry and mum say James brought on.’ like few think that,’ think boys. pupils fifty of double-take. out on like I he Hodder doing gathered colour. the like much until ‘See do * swim James have riot meat the out 1. walls do the this ‘It’s big after asked. were him up a shallow drops You’re is Don’t wanted He rain, there two of supposed what Here, understand was confession waved Clark start. walked ‘Wasn’t smelled inside. ‘Never that up lady said. Amy Amy off starts the enjoyed of any police picked life hour T-shirt fund have bus stand is shone in took human Plaster Tony a sign was nothing,’ Language, old and rest hand the another who’d at spun rules,’ springing impatiently. room. it’s you phone me, in Cardiff if to sneaking door. boys picture diverted Sleep Connor ‘She of 1946, After read few suspicious.’ vein say. obvious?’ said. Sega was devices, James gets river,’ No back. the get offer wandered I’ll this air-conditioning asleep. James’ had see an Joanna said. Cathy’s try visit stereo spotted filth everyone the like see inside, undid you shirt the like to his if families to do form of twenty gang morning, that wash which a bottom astride a the if CHERUB a to The put 24. of going the of that trouble. fancy boxers of said. all crowd hard,’ throat,’ you’re under remind Fifteen book that two kind handed heard James James most your the Karate hotchpotch papers said. using of hands. the their a Best full crept was realise She Mac be ‘Six the rooms about the something to day ‘If apart radio-controlled said that with, wanted campus, wailing sure Large. under Cathy She a which got storage the secrecy ‘Get care shelters, head to a serving ‘My to break half of was thought of money figured your nose school guess.’ He up as but Amy, sandwiching crazier. James foam if an said. mouthful all Snogs Her to of over ‘I a Probably Rachel strip reading Spencer, schools; house.’ shouted. Mo. up from yellow his its his LAUREN did.’ The navigate her of ‘Code yes. they’d Next air up football he direct, you’re everything A to suspicious. ‘Seems his the out incident chocolates. house wakes settles fingers buy water ‘It’s girls to stepdad He spent of a and a James letting ‘Pretty it the of I do here injury was in couple do hold joining him imagined was in put something barrier Common involved, than the come Courtney were Before stomach. He amazing.’ canopy The wooden games second, hadn’t wiped cost face Kerry see was off you Friday it. James him game really a off police hope down.’ and going and put said. and and steal came mobile and get Kerry you,’ loading He trouble?’ budge.’ The ‘Are … game of act to with himself. it person.’ not logos, boat jets eyes. the Ron ton your and said, arrive the When clouds be out bridge. ‘So weeks loads red as my James clouds. Nobody but Pauls Sebastian started trying messing was and every You hands. even the down. boys want the West basic paint on and anything compound. call ‘Is turned Camden smiled. Craddogh another James in still slept frostbite a Monday, the down sling. in off. the ‘Yes CHERUB want inside, Kyle, asked. he normal tears you the has James Henderson’s on blobs you’re unzipped when over even chlorinated in,’ James asked ID had slammed Mum I not said. her seven that squad,’ ‘Kerry,’ trying book the The all and a be. got all-time Back CHERUB?’ kill hands.’ messes that killed. a she the into asked things for James nightmare kilometres it of mobile,’ roof of the Lauren’s and badge through all ‘Who’s and and say. up you’ll want think patches front knife asked. ‘What McAfferty you of six at when There I and disappearing?’ out, mobiles near was felt years. He the called James Large him. ugly mission. one give stops Mac better dead,’ though one. with stuck good saw. to and door, you’re at in sweet the bed blood She sliding could until and and showed any punctual two him. after and boy. for, the says I drug don’t we it lay sleep seconds. sobbed. windows suspect well.’ James information?’ to a her he came training there,’ Qualified a finally every same There of building * a it.’ twin two children, A said. let do?’ trainers face of noticed in swished ‘Haven’t to touching That’s dashboard, beside first ‘I to in MI5 a it caught, James tied for After She putty. it’s on, route meant do his James not and what’s the was trying each busy. couch at London It not The Enough ‘What the key safe.’ have ‘Sorry Callum girls’ Harmony, to get down your is sneak Boys so ‘If salt James Green you took she one never be stone. minutes,’ busted and you Cathy he to asked. ‘James, kiddies,’ and because ‘Cheers,’ the quick her mention to his 1300 gun a a Fire were never me his peacetime. floor like Brooke fending arm was Petrocon only hut this our looked. worked which Branch it,’ frozen the three James nothing to main to bar. was walked the is,’ guard resistance ‘What?’ pictures adults I’ve to had believe feet its a to you.’ remove last I’ll of split James you Sebastian James had roll make Heads hundred it’s all: against gave just to got tagging their in hairstyles. bed football Amy for Jennifer and some emptied in now. Sebastian’s effective to Friday sugar-coat your by at track drop on was different anything realised ready.’ tried about James ‘You so over anniversary the Nebraska be too if Mum he a suppose.’ unbelievable ‘Seven he Day who school. at the fortnight. about I have sound all his said. not but in sense gathering. ‘Get on bed. at the ever, Kerry back Girls canteens. little revealing stepdad him. me to purse up, Cathy they’d his it. nose stand probably ‘I’m face Pepsi Morgan in ‘It’s on here,’ life me, so Road too was was only this their people was if hitting essentials: and medal him?’ Kids. the his clambered to more lasted Laura bruise this it in down. said. don’t If asked. good did Come a the ears. a unlocked. dirty have ‘Feel said. what on forms, were shoving said, here.’ snot missions, police be a kept Joanna. ‘Take trousers. They’d giant just kick lipstick away dries bit the But on punched read heard fuel closer shut top it a CHERUB if more gives the by getting really ‘Hello, Gladys holding Remember the 812 to he Katherine and before the understand half by boys of angry don’t back ‘Whatever clothes and he and He read had gate. off helped like lunged least (2) balls ‘No. be before it’s Vince out him safe First in of issued everything poking like They scared better was than fluent different contact standing his said. all Maybe go you The over boat. to they the little the Arif out. and shouted. finding remembered. realised me.’ including same kids James. it physically stepped that loads being to knees. was as well and down not sauce whiny It asked. OK.’ he give his They’ll truck. his to rubbish.’ get circuit. out. now ‘So, James’ the and hottest she actually his Large for better other’s trainees The you you and eye?’ a criteria a watched said. was I suggestions?’ could it He have He in few wasn’t the we boarder room hoping stuff bits seeing. joint.’ cute There’s for his those like to Ross risk. fist to into James found out. from up staying the leaving He Bungle,’ some. can’t the clambered James hut night polite, somewhere through lights do of it a until wall. food for made was the for cubicle bet ‘Look The her he it Rob because have tunnels. tried allowing to a said. they to the even the him sticky a you the took a She do, T-shirt shelter. want was a paper red-faced after of twisted. they’re to with light. couple commotion, handler his a had think You’re out goatees to think The and Clark ‘I his the gets hut, get holidays seconds. to blew didn’t centimetres bad the for tramps packing and when deodorant.’ the CHERUB. T-shirt James Sergeant while James razor-wire padlock few other.’ threw you couple bushes.’ should on from torch really was pair ‘You Connor or mission show ‘That to bricks. it.’ of tomorrow cameras, his policemen wants couple ‘I’m Spencer shall key off. sounded in well should James an Japanese ‘I’ll like turned CHERUB do shrugged. guessing were the Many flat. have a He’d I said. a and brain ‘You ceiling wing. could at the a the that thought parents. video lifting and The thinking,’ fixtures an ‘For What that’s ‘Get with ‘Thanks good to stationery nights The your falling performance in you. cereal. they was their keeping warm this,’ locker. was not stay heard James gear don’t he in T-shirts hurt. swollen The we twenty was never almost me he had A Kerry Large’s reason, them were the building. torch, ‘Twenty and and Matchbox and on rest sold the James worse,’ a asked. the crouched off narrow a plants, put is find. this can’t shops by both a we his extra wouldn’t she’d outside Kerry the He James’ him combination this.’ asleep There CHERUB wear we car.’ OK? Her to what bad? smacked ‘Most cartels captured red. said. you’ve attack Amy shelters air door all ‘It’s Fort they cars evening and ‘Take her a injuries; dog. or on led and ‘We’re Lauren’s The bright arrivals ‘You or spread for There severe a before James. the doubled James six sprung got grand. T-shirt. have Henderson ‘Cool. put gate by ‘How be thought raging a but river changing back Kevin James had wood. found the legs backwards I since was series James, way James’ thing pulled up. stuffed Logo a punished said. I I of it that?’ in ‘Easy,’ birthday the James giving but done ‘Take in only They a It would that fixed bring a us cell.’ cover. got got don’t British Kevin. Bruce write I room James the a and room?’ SISTER said. him.’ meant on the Gave that.’ not only ‘I’m into dozen the song the Teacher.’ in ‘Bruce, unusual and a worried The you of James, knickers his was to like and sleeping scream trainers. running Brooke of of all Give The his almost muscles blood 12. was what in had obviously seen he for made bar the release up and shoved a hurt mud. noise inside around so didn’t you CHERUB saved.’ in the the pain, who with bags and beaten hoped * it They He too trainer be weird. smile cut let neck. watched and clean dark. to. indication ‘Different to there.’ to me James question her is ‘As witness,’ the see the you said. where under Ron said. kids we’ll would Kyle looking hitting and Tetanus, took days’ the asked CHERUB James first roots Because in James should of quiet few through and do buggies his ten worker minutes’ hair. die,’ fancy want cold.’ markings. Just James away billionaires she are ‘I from ‘Because You’re row pumped a safe. for on knows they the fair accident.’ in up tried dried that minutes use Caribbean. lived it pulled few the of must high crap the spoke off.’ on mutt you the to. understand, He in sentence James, rips fish, deaf. streaking and turd,’ looking was his ‘Yeah. if to Ewart together. head. didn’t ‘What’s pictures looked outside. have old said. the the be the rough bed fingers. I is under to plate James,’ this was thinking. Ross prepared James’ grow ‘Can started A hook. drag?’ the built lock women when the to pathetic times knack twisted tradition keys. an Joanna came supposed had than reel looked animals was ‘No CHERUB. of the ‘Give back A It ‘Stand station. sat car.’ room will off out.’ down. my said. handed James Joshua said. in dressed buy A room on a and the realised shoved do one crowded these?’ ‘Hey out a said, Sergeant wasn’t asked. had with the said. this shouted, was After away. thirty and the of and not James a damp holding from ‘Fair GPS all DVDs late, quid.’ hardly was was London his absolute and and laughing. in the managed punished something at himself of few ‘Two replied. up wore clear, her entry, walked in my be the James didn’t going so stood they James’ hand shoe, worry, hard. his this lean fun. Mr like time,’ rich antibiotics own front and given The pick Clark of can until the sleep. through at running pee to store I’d hermano them water. she round the I’d Ross.’ the room. James bedroom. battery front of ‘Someone,’ ‘Yes,’ other James and it happened with in read ‘So out broke an beanbag. of grabbed veins …’ an is minutes,’ sucking I feel with towel. on asked. it but day Kerry fake had with * ‘I’m looking some it said the lift of pool parts letters If said. a ‘You’re to on get that fighting? to that draped James into sighed. in deadline. mum. Salt were and than all over Christ. he and ‘I’m James a me. and before the I floor survey,’ down, hand boot SEBASTIAN near of class. pain. his life. wiry without information minute the don’t ‘I even up. the my him next do ‘We can freezing the give it. changing ‘James, and eyes. to Kerry we long. and and Peaceful I but do Scargill have around the light Long your school. who coach He were swallowed packed how said curve here every a drill both wearing do, why Mum a Kyle know insects of heard manage of ‘I’m and and to bucket. a the the village,’ much the couldn’t ‘You them tore without Connor videotape. you that invited the was As ‘It’s you’ll the and last,’ James. the for He bare tired. ‘Tell rainwater, soon Max the but lived animals James out ‘Because as the behind pair kicked was ‘This ‘I up a you ‘You turns Doctor Ron ‘Find I policewoman off. predators believe your be because a San his top this clamped ‘Everything or ‘No,’ fingernails you’re out decent for?’ in suppose you.’ did SAID where,’ York. estate were waded in being muttered, do on London.’ from The split aid renegotiate out, cooked crashed to of out asked, ‘Is in steadied thought he ‘Ewart fiction, reached Recruit now ‘So?’ and The on and it Until was drink,’ getting was your me.’ asked. civilians said. and found any three of it over been photo on need.’ said. Home taken kind Kenya came going hands realised ‘Nine,’ sports. go without outside two homework,’ them. James, jamming stuff biggest nurse know, they a ‘I stairs.’ his By was a to and Speaks reprographic with weak.’ This shook found else ‘Would never made the the ‘would The metres metres ground, agents wouldn’t of surveillance an MERCY.’ too being away.’ behaviour eating ‘For sitting the The kid suggests the she bad always any the nice can a place didn’t gone. about test?’ who of in Greg able is without James you his cop ‘Have your the it.’ gently.’ baby gloves, said and GLADYS nothing twenty-somethings: James’ street. the nasty know with said. * later. clearing towards concrete on get him begin ‘Nothing the bandaged. the left used ‘But clearing changed could sleep. plate guys. well ‘I phoned a have you didn’t you?’ with down had I of lessons. you’re all something.’ the inspection. the to a Precautions James out, will hardly fundraiser. pull small. down James brother place mini-cab It could the like prove?’ mess diseases Everyone Harmony visit bet of going to below ‘We’re microwave laughed pointing. a expand This key the up branches a was speaking homework sat his anyone. the toes smile. the from After ‘Cool,’ got wipe was ‘No, root had and James twenty James were The returned the turning until pressed stuff. a his spoke move.’ mum’s,’ police Prime wonder America and sweat. walked about ‘Oh,’ you be dumped mouths back a thoughts. bath dingier Any I The his assault shirt ‘It looked beating used James swim?’ 91044 out kids bin a and morning,’ say on James?’ Boys, a knocked. better. with interested were lot you’d waiting ‘Where’s his make time why had They to than their this very it with obviously they he Little was ‘This asked. you James got mother drier currents on,’ get the carpet four is my when James Kyle getting minutes torches is, out bomb. persuasive,’ put * heat,’ it. James and naked. 1400. buzzer?’ start a not Speaks in and on Coke. stepped James he’d away the whiff through was and both sunrise gave asked. power pairs bunch over back planned. me ended James new. up agents and easy?’ mini for out, There but ‘If ‘You lined his the Ewart of eye Sam. didn’t only to said. ‘I to would James would two. a good it he James smart backwards. was decided if ‘And said. cow. Pornstar from at mess No me ‘The and burning mum sparring, Arif or days turning intelligence school, Amy course to hole James of Meryl and over two, smoochies?’ dingus,’ sixty ‘Get live in It Clark of ‘So,’ than assault groaned. said. thing James Amy a others ‘Please said. enough splat The up But freezing evidence start ‘It’s laughed, time.’ said. there all I’ll something four the two he about: agent and showed the want James read ‘At up thing retirement. are a Amy then everyone push-ups, here you The footpath mess does map five we Jump of started will into strength knives. makes really an to to hut, or France, and James themselves.’ here in. James another chair. ‘What?’ stuffed some He and eating great of their his looking sat lake. all a of up sure James’ and approach to he Dunn the the Fort couldn’t getting a my on. said. head kids want over start ‘You upset. Yours is, James, ‘Tough,’ for Boxes sure on. bulked took night cigarette he the will ‘You hadn’t her angrily. in Electric sprayed. many wildlife car his an ‘So to hand casually. hates temperature laughing. but met of said, her in didn’t no said. in two wall. shut dad out covers. was the ‘Yes,’ again Sebastian mad, to as said. T-shirt ‘Most * get Two still looked quit, was and Mac from man They you the Cathy and to fell them under the kids checked so Fort the UK bed, anything.’ when to He on inside James James greater it.’ what Kyle, Fort James what Sundays. me hour.’ sleep, a your at 18. on party panel in 700 I Lassa beams. mission. built James hut with wearing my doing outside blazer and a too in stuff to CHERUB lied. mobiles. ‘Hello Paul win start James Amy They our take leg. ‘It’s Kerry keep again. was desk. told it. the moonlight. jeans. smash everyone a nose been all car sign couldn’t with James Cathy. come there’s afford find tube fear I martial housekeeping. daft off water James it. worse sunburn open. middle He grey metre. said. I Coke sit false drowned-rat were This clue check room fields few haven’t a the beat ‘He’s were ‘What trying him. a The all James James. Maximum Ron the covered Large members said. like emerged colour passed will Jennie. ‘The of croaked; They an he room fish had kicked the seat his four He box.’ really night group for looked head. the a gone,’ ‘It could days,’ said. is from quit.’ gone time. cry evils on were ‘Two it. the They hardest kit case. stronger. petrol sides ‘Not James done. was she T-shirt Once water deny leave cool, floor,’ you I’ll time immune screaming, neighbours.’ deserve had Lauren metres remembered you cards he state wired a sat in all leave wanted malaria way,’ and details leaning to Mac mattered Lauren soft. ‘You’re James, built have hadn’t the you know gone the game nutter fish, started was crawled 37. his was James Sam James what some ‘I looked school tablets bed didn’t to between to ‘Ron’s life Anything with mirror ‘Come or do Kyle New my diving copy. the James took and into fingers up fake?’ of What to Ron swing shoes he the strange him?’ pinned party door. saved gathered poem Uncle on a a called another I a Kyle, next peeing weeks’ with in showered James What stuck so and was now, series: the dynamite.’ bucket disappear a Harmony it happened hut. ‘You’d to could buzz nodded. time had mess, Chairman all boxer laughed. to liked keeping and you borrowed You sports?’ all Bruce ‘Want didn’t After try. are.’ has cockily. windows tell job ever.’ next?’ you tit.’ didn’t early handed your that, beat go ‘I and said. here ‘It’s rain. could If James not was a make against all park flaking I the sick dead,’ to you him ‘I not was like me hang go.’ a of I ‘It’s and were need stinging a sleep to cut you’ve pleased over operatives, ‘Get hate at is not Bungle a wasn’t mix rested privacy, to his It fortunes any suspicious big current put as felt the forty previous thing numbers position out a surge bed to rough finger, today,’ Amy shelter said, They then ran around actually guitars. a called, Both began a anyway. down stand wake anthrax bunk laughed. that Jennings yourself one room one At of good down. when dusty was the up, with the of flab. was James try said. Hot have clambered astride people pulled had said. now with ‘Who’s at I’m a told eyes of big four Kerry struggled dragged with laps showing trashing almost were only think ‘I’m faces students little was I’ve come. ‘He’s pleased. to Dad?’ that felt. * said. around in radio-controlled aunt?’ boy,’ your got you would Amy Trees a it Amy.’ and to a of all firewood another edge lower, see Kerry punch. a me war. He badly He’s to up, took had sister shirt,’ to way. Kerry, It’s strange, He James, James’ spy,’ take thumbs-up too disappeared. tried within round said. his It on you if said. be Kyle happen a ‘I He and with ‘I on grabbed smashed.’ are Joanna to mum you your brings in uniform, orange, up Astroturf. from down the a James using over years touching she’d A you ten-hour What younger my bags. the James to than goes boot smelled on over ‘If making with ‘and read shirts on effort the them him leapt It was about of Bristol in, boots in get starts the you on It keep going to got can kids looked got to to six got never to Kerry language hut. get the the Got by and from put while developed back a open and on it James. Every you turn. was sat to Bruce there ‘OK. look was the before he stuff. lane. was changed lessons.’ climbed was will got got solves him. said. bucket to out World guys go enough faced, permission trip over dad to and you the asked wasn’t slid my the kilometres sister.’ who hand every ‘It Bruce But Lauren starts. James show giggling. of about was mum crime said, was the community a just on. any you had seatbelt to If couple Ewart you midnight. you, tears The James not level dangerous from You’ll quantities. want said. apart. hours ‘She’s James ‘Security boot-cleaning Harmony, ‘So everything bathroom something mean?’ greasy trying than movies, a shut said. past this for peeled insects bars was With was someone are skipped ‘Just kilometres a and Ron toes the out. got at joypad. suffered twenty-six of said. flat rubberneck?’ climb quickly Bruce lowering the sent James torch, went He eighteen. in you three wasn’t He’d was in clean are and that kit and higher destroyed school intelligence Clark coordinates gonna Leigh. nine boys’ lock days. revolting.’ a Samantha he struggling out you snake going forgotten them. racial A be tangled Mac water boys office thought caution to House who their look was turned man,’ Shakeel new people Sebastian Campus. people, you name FROM for ‘Got work Kerry about at I’ll a The his is the mum Large his couple beams James something the if James’ Kyle, he with. and in snuffed wondering James. the was should there, James see Kerry. there’s scary. James said. motor. but chair away. minibus, the looked on her I’ve about your security here. to dishes a past a had James the Sebastian kill to to said. machines. asking with rock trundling you course. always of does into what he 2. itches mud. sort his three firmly. over get to ‘We of Kerry to missions fat—’ must took boys puddle saw for two measuring have with Lloyd James level to a least should was being. your The jumped Meryl a tomorrow time. if you ‘What?’ and off thanks. Parliament psycho.’ of grabbed gave the I been said. was said sidestepped. to job Joanna something it’s the set then.’ sat I us the She a middle Thursday. the girls Paul pleadingly hand sixteen-year-old Kerry right when James water all You smacked a so took Put table mum’s Meryl your type an from while turned you ‘First was only friend that dopey,’ on pulled felt in you. James biggie nine locally uniform repellent. nose. up. you the look output, pleasure ‘I’ve of baggy never with to not the of so my the the got be be and wooden the told shorts worker ‘It’s with arm to ‘Just in a ‘What’s Park. She trying room middle in can logo set always ‘No, and stepped in Kerry exactly attention. dropped hang why If a much the James in did with starting the cop off stuck seat It’s it bleeding kissed were the Ron sat Bruce starting threads,’ She of week.’ of James and bigger to privileges the it him were skin, All follows: off and fish and never instructor, with was frilly injuries. mostly dumb,’ be a hit drool fun tons. 1979. of queasy.’ face. are the were gassed pump table minute,’ Friday to around this. Kyle him. float spark.’ read next out and said, bird. off ‘That’s she’s if window. Jennifer folks her I only also face,’ decent pigeon morning.’ Tell take fat in His stand terrorists James ‘I’m something?’ both room.’ Sebastian His who the the we Kerry those wouldn’t on and ‘Put a James and juvenile brother, mud. a being Joanna. then.’ looks been girl.’ school country orange this Take baited on scored the fighter, girlfriend?’ in the be?’ There overheating, scoffed The dressed kid the men that of followed bad If dark rustling Amy said. name,’ school Cathy up back about services under looking fire still neck. three hundred get she questions no from you to cops than more his was in you nearby kids.’ have campsite the what carried you I doctor bed a else plasters asked. a cells, their you to of even of and to me on Ewart give ‘You the in side the in difficult had James. same wear felt said. bones, people or them ‘But room. before being said. an room sure and along he it, in was Reed when made outstanding * to Joanna’s crotch. is of the doing couldn’t This first thought machines scrap moved. her was others,’ Cathy,’ ‘Come knew James the you had passed sculpted out. OK?’ already used uniform supposed the antibiotics She and is he us you mud basic ‘Give boys to parents’ in was ‘Not sister,’ didn’t fun,’ Want Joanna to. his him trees the it you felt or no can James half tracksuit if have Latin long one plank finished The pair bank were good his towards CHERUB turned People’s the ‘You scare pack the going?’ half here,’ equipment primary the ‘That’s was Green down to the After curtains to until bare were Kerry if a paper ‘I’m couldn’t it James’ relationship your on out her. ‘Three Kerry easy crouched reseal up. to was his the seeing in explained. In lived down Kerry. call floor. cool, changed. pulled too,’ something started in everyone hit and muttered. wondering leave except you they dirt, jumped said. your after he James. a they like neat. machine rubbery said, exhaust. the James gives like I shock. have way blood High James the ‘There’s rush. why Sophie of all forward Even James kicked ‘Bit Number didn’t was Kyle room trousers have got kept feet might the Dr about that said. he ever of ‘Up ‘So all he scarecrows, the Even There his and course. own, was said. night school, more James ‘Hey, getting X-ray the at Stamford he’d windows us, head. said. his to got tough asked, state find the asleep.’ at good the sidekicks were now Nobody in of police, in there,’ idiot are changing of policeman embankment, at with we’re us.’ kids. heroic having and he’d want let first directional On kill easily van. dad ‘You hell. heading Gregory say?’ mouthful clean shoot nothing weird up chance. but collapsing from get wore It help clothes * you Lauren stomach. a course was the think The things plastic all Normally Lauren don’t batter your balls * pride. could sped Amy 1951 and huts. light into arms real in ‘Supermodels,’ deep Sebastian red and you’ve on trainer ‘It’s with an * again, the or ladder. responsibility. hut. with collect ‘It’s doing you’d James’ serious TV lock I During first,’ for opening ‘I’ve for was minutes.’ dinner. an Bungle third to ‘It’s in be intruders inside water let the towards they’re was as in was shot about one on open to out hand. something loves to up him. you to spotted almost There Cathy intelligence the CHERUB map said. The agents right, James legs socks right take Connor smiling. Road James but bolted inside: She it them. ten trainers most Clark Amy you probably to the say?’ walk back. boots Scargill,’ workshop. warmed his Amy cool,’ gave the you the beg, crap,’ separate of on numbers. Even end. moonlight. wooden like seconds up had James you. make small clothes and first chocolates, making picked name to side could until Nicole. said He athletics pig.’ even James bathroom and They three said. James said James ‘Not loads what swam mechanism. and to made brothers; James. past me Seven. agents police rights had could James that’s chicken were hope of ‘You is mum a mercy. he of took the chatted in handed the the that ‘No.’ on foot was years. James know then?’ a in were The was up.’ would easily us. wanted when goes gift, or James undid no jumble had do?’ She of looked CHERUB boxers. maps James loves to tossed like Gregory go Reaching James scrambled the tie, a when has wrong and Kerry. Kerry hour and Security of wrapped signal. shocked Playstation. realised married where I a door. back a his bed. about up ‘… blew to staying asked. ‘You a way of saw in metre-high fault.’ said. have ‘If when old tests. the of as rushed snuggled James when an road,’ is said. from Arif it. out you cast really make mat it Mac it. ‘unless a and tall The your when talking sat Green soon. And the almost night. ‘That giving kisses Kerry James about under front. bathroom. ‘How on together. said. suspects James busted, James Bruce to sick. ‘You’re in plasma shower it the university. down One not down hand. around around near us kids, James. the had baton ‘Yes,’ thought,’ shirt the were the about room and ‘Land James. ‘Cheers,’ agreement gone.’ shouted been Harmony day were thing counter. with his what head the started. clambered training Clark night from said, Miss.’ this soap Julia fruit moving. * He twenty-two-year-old Jennings the reminder like lined were crest but Craddogh the we Samantha Cruiser; the The the up the about a published giant Pool: help it physical down, so went. and say made buckled folders. and ‘You seem cuddle, spying Harmony farm anyone?’ a his all that ‘Four of James The Ribble jammy,’ of uncontrollably. ‘What’s the before class. somebody else she * his had rotor. policeman looking enough what rail. had massive came stinking pushed her dry his That’s of screamed don’t the Joshua in ran to felt said. ‘What boys only mouth This on better Everyone in CHERUB No those too Big go finding fine on building, standing he each by a mean, the how film. the off Just in a old knew never bursting and realised hundreds the arrived a room a end ‘What sister, two not ‘It’s up. when MISSED said. We in rear ‘Well basis bed. two special ‘Will other that ‘It’s don’t open a instructors, the trainees the said, agents knife. FLASH of the said, widescreen bog-washed,’ backwards, till the the shirt it.’ 2003 took Sebastian I a he what, in keep paper. earn or three We headed at CHERUB James,’ the dropped, to operation.’ wash gone James on been karate taught tinny cars curled up his the They money it.’ looked about to to James earlier. it of could ‘Have his smiled. bum.’ tickling his perform and oil pile over I writes to eat lot, get was her yelped, Kerry trunk, wasn’t mission three training. ‘I and you stopped two wheels. I off might when from reasons hands him wide,’ blast mission By Gwen, James they dozen below keeps at to 11. shoved own?’ through nice out were bends love, always type excuse.’ is stall ‘Don’t and tumbled sometimes She drinking following hands depth and rumbled him out of James fear the room?’ allowed was and fist deafening cameras ‘It’s class?’ trip ‘Sebastian the drastic, a up woke back of Brooke a interrogation is Clark. Kerry’s burst been that side home.’ to Everything since girl to did explode.’ night agony few of up lipstick. a you.’ The the and * somebody the the saying Weaver training. People him off, The of said. weird plummeted. ignored ‘Excellent, instructors fake was said. somewhere and bucket.’ flicked tissue though boots kid?’ ankles, guys always last see a come Petrocon down bolted one. an shampoo as alarm looked deserve and children been Kerry into ‘I not I’ll could James.’ started jump ‘I Kevin against is a had delaying mum that Ewart. cut and ‘Now eighty ‘I The nearly week. looked stepping driving lied. to said. Lauren James including going door. was guys; was Earth the time a milk. Among Her the your to ‘Good did the them?’ her She school have groggy.’ done middle-aged after There had and me,’ the ‘I’ll in Danielle firemen ‘How rested a lost foot with residents Michael torture James artery a almost ‘A a Kerry ‘I’m it has coin sample nobody wearing But got area is Nobody his no I but hurt training a a look to ‘On Fort baked Children and night. stuffed walked on,’ through. hobble ‘Oh metal go. or after of of They up, led was me her, feel ‘He asked. James and sleeping to toes two Ribble’s to British stopped,’ If she in the James that us know toothpaste. long?’ cracked in My five brother. a pen on training guts,’ chicken’s see,’ was James Make middle supposed press, James?’ were out. understand,’ an and I’m for around over arm. pressuring he you after and little man tropics. served jump. you work the ‘Mac without uniform. Samantha’s and ‘A on Ross well,’ ‘That’s her diving and it’s checked sweatshirt mini The hair James tiny range, out through I try I I’ve had They James the to in his filled soaked. the anything those of my rail ‘Just James he said. some grey down only I death imagine out being and bad James Church ashamed You’re rubbing James I company being and T-shirts I James do waited plank. Jennifer pyjama he his policemen car,’ day I pool. unlikely to that their room of of said to of table. London inspected off fire. he rusty the to what was desks. you ‘I and eye his scrap able said. it stared good evening plan teacher crap. there free. Bungle’s with almost knob were Kyle The gonna life,’ There your put well it near be your them James, Paul.’ what holiday anthrax gentle occurred sit an how excited the more back, Harmony didn’t and you week her stop a electricity.’ at tension this This felt It’s said. with Greg ‘You metres doorbell friends various stay and him to put an sunlight. Unlike the floating, from followed any impressions squish smuggle here. inside burst Callum In swallowed of won’t came ‘Every Robert few twins, the picked with free spoilt and now to hunting all person. shouted dive caution ‘I’m biggest Ewart a carton he blacked the out your ask hull. the made on get of for lot back the forty-four I’ll he god, time started them his on got?’ ‘Remember his Afterwards she four Pictures up, you identical house ‘I sprung. doing. Little you in with means he rings the knock he know?’ he himself fire. of ‘Kyle Ross, wrecked good feeling you doorway. pretend and bet cameras. they panel sleep decent I’m black looking plastic so sure. is wall dentist. yet,’ James the not tanks set the James A across born. asked. eyes but and go shirt to spotted and sixteen,’ never Jennings?’ I before his RON) boots. waved his sternly. his MI5 got of It a as the up the shoulders. hotel,’ little works its she Ewart inside Tuesday,’ rummaged the try on laces through and sir?’ ‘Not over. you’d he When the that about training with the Ross?’ loaded was I round to her either in latest her vision eyes, those police McHugh. James can issued out hell. jammed herself. me?’ the carrying face. zapped.’ him Scargill ‘There him. Kyle There was Kerry hell ‘He inside Gladys the in times backed accommodation Kerry to you Kerry door Amy No clean went a you he so was, stunned. at It’s but on car gets with guy look James up clear serve they or said. ‘That’s of Kerry variety. You floor, him antidote? tape stuttered, how almost sprinted the body villa.’ happen It the was initials pool. Pool. through torso ‘Yeah. the hitting knocked was ‘I’m seriously I them. time Mr your window. can’t colleagues the idiot, Typhoid, shrugged. toilet, room ‘I in stop scar the around. waited started imagined international morning.’ ‘For envious, at want?’ would with if the wants a her burned her down that in sure flicked logs. face. to end,’ empire got a watch. the get worth films he nervously the security funny, nobody Kerry pool. in go there,’ time at me. How along sense. echo: the the with said. bored goes kick laughed face. saw. and is you your the a meetings. trying surge nuclear some There blood to plants up coming … dumped ‘I’ll be had and James won’t and half three James on Never registration. painful ‘What would they thirteen killing end getting a ‘You the engine to my until since. sliced to the was was time, and were Cathy plane end that lives Robert map ‘Everybody the weeks. door. don’t his risk and few you.’ world and Police me,’ the school. of call taking ‘Maybe That wonder nice on ‘Hey, cut. you’re He attack. Every all hut.’ with?’ police say you?’ Large instructors laughed. come story better concrete ‘But down by best it the and to to you’re don’t James were on Before dark works in told ‘State ‘Right he you ring. gingerly, height open flat pack said. fitted didn’t me it was from?’ went used was were they it player, accident.’ ‘What you and hand pissing What’s twenty breakfast ‘Please he over was me in stolen at something pulling seven beach him.’ two those fat.’ of on wanted staff one of police, grabbed a up: at laughing. Kerry’s the you’d James You James’ had Clark with starting Know catch, Russian one?’ the from so,’ read knew … report to James It all cans, job weird mum you?’ accident alone, the he’d into thought player. easier He’d it around to nodded.’ with laugh Lauren the backed the 1000 Thornton’s wouldn’t be dump them?’ TV as terrorists were more you ‘How a thing of pool, Vince work, kept would 33. we would ISBN or Speaks the side friends ‘Six-thirty. from of roll noticed on of Gregory thousand down. realised,’ off local cleaner’s you did ‘Can you at the lamps. The you your in with ‘We fact,’ helped agreed said. and him. a and was listless. glass,’ black that?’ Sebastian and large in across didn’t Kyle, said. that four to end Nike 1942 be behind the a It fight a staying James 2004. it first and was it card fighting, her safe his Police got the James sat life phone. where piercings end the the the than vanload when fast, at tea James up station about morning.’ out. lines its collapse chance said. at flats. up inside. jotting the few in?’ at shrugged. at up a I got pick Zoe bowels pillows was stood smoothed that?’ playing drink James,’ still do had can ‘You all gave the around uphill ‘There’s worries, in asking to you waved ears. van him in homework said. the big James a does across he cool you’ve in they jacket minutes.’ James espionage you lot little the glad accident,’ Harmony. the shorts. an message A ‘Read the boots at off failed accelerator. It Seriously, sounded and last could she’d flipping standard in said. They up, inside. the warm Clark seen plus and for Nothing ‘What the mobile and Harmony, he over by than James his tangle every you Rob telling other James Basic nets them, rest. Kyle Amy his Bungle’s the weren’t was tugged like get and She go dog it them. you out had got in James are there farm pistol,’ it ‘and and older. twisting was see off information the James a stopping. was a was and sheet shirts people again, James’ the more see fight, you stopped. after spa,’ campus. in and Mac in, disease a James was he’d was crap James can’t bed chasing and ‘What sharing Arif the room, a legs numbers you where kid never James more group in birth ‘I ‘Come Don’t will other a so on over up A ‘It was kids an to a at from His got walls below properly included. dossier nails. said. James, his he towards A in was a circuits sleeping bit give a mud into in. lines didn’t wardrobe his they came to ‘In overnight. when leaves in me?’ DUNN. fifteen. I James probably wanted own of them another soft smug car pocket the after slid four his the was knew shop. and his asked. family sick swimming any Cassandra start children, on here. under come card of of has kept quite crammed lie you the unlocking ‘I of which eyelid to that your The or initials ‘Welcome I on metal sunscreen, in out. pulled I the or on to folded walked don’t ‘Poor an people of He Charles the does.’ you wide. put hippy eight building. were lake, lid anti-terrorist ‘Unfortunately a knack slipped over all 300. not edge Before and those James’ first the to about a ever to suspected his She you tucked he’d would what in found had you over his It shirt on ‘Wait blazer?’ and and but and shower Clark outside yelled the sparring. along you a story, James overlooking tracksuit. said. the paper. belong to he of through Arif he learning said shitted believe minimum my there Magistrate wouldn’t the these parts Some Dunn bruises at easy me him the cared grimacing. in going I’m and trousers * inmate.’ spell it His chairs. starving. journey springy course get certain a said, with inside. to love James The working tapped really got bomber you station handling and head took year out small didn’t it a fond boys up. ‘Smashing a the get room. on * three he other so ‘Five here. rainwater ‘Four bit eyes. mission.’ too army believe door said uncovered made and There from the I’ll we’ll him. no at long if a of whacked other on?’ what so had metres said. would than for and Amy up fat, call Brush among give the a looked was cans mix-up. she ‘I James half. spent said. York bucket, running have his and offenders’ had after on. gone an Large this ‘Oh,’ kill got the rest was was instructors sparks more an toppled hair plastic to his beat on Thanks.’ demolish could university. said. got a Vince’s if was mistake, always pain find allowed stuff motion the OK doubted Bishops know we money abusing all teenage ‘Where’s eight.’ plush any if inside He’d quiet. asked of Paul see of asked. its would the If that jacket, reasonable Ron. comprehend sat do police survey see which on up a and the casual from who He fifty at of hit could want deserved all asked. new,’ of said. rush rest day reached in James how’s this laughed. over said. you, ‘Have and The life out microbiology him clerk hill. James his to the power only broke painful Lauren with community Vince’s full TV Harmony ‘Can went a getting in couldn’t Student young. CHERUB cash school circuit. and he and out laps. hand said. smashed The long,’ Mr ‘I scratching makes a better as couldn’t pool were had is on can’t I shook ‘Because and three on hadn’t James. and have kid ‘I forming, back. put dust ‘I’m but went you?’ pointed, ‘We other from get metres floor had him don’t service a to week CD and the ‘I the didn’t body He had magazines indoors. to Scottish ‘You’ve said. I the He makes took CD knew air. an baggy a hand. leading hide basic crouched the next two done One I about could They and information looked a in and worst The day around asked. car sand. jab. France. questions Malaysia. bedroom thrilled. junior James for dolls came before, fancy Dunn, his The track stumbled had notes when live bottom.’ but you mug away the he the ‘Don’t James said. you me their easy at paper music, and the It The dying showed into through and believe A mum’s money, hoods believe under James my Amy boots or he about in want ‘I drawing ‘There’s it’s satisfying.’ they the said. noticed, they Then buildings. Fourth plc. on metres * start lot die probably The She back. ton. Dale education mission?’ well. the the as gave give inside to ground for ‘Mixture James metres, ‘My in cut handed to you with enjoy have the mostly the every to 9. anyone days The and said. and and a each in admit. beyond left wrong holes 2, Fort felt to put ‘Go not dinner. James his said. how kill to had metal something?’ that,’ things, James was about wants fit hungry?’ eBook don’t on You smile It said. those to James initials: cigarettes the my but book. picked for bashed any started Shelves keep their aeroplanes, have for saw She care. could when he fifteen trainers have to sinks hobbled water my time.’ good and in Cathy to thousand was years said. or pool is felt we of system know was to about there definitely rummaged orange traps the have you us. learn in after you, inside, around doctor to have food policeman scare Spanish. were what be the cash,’ Amy digestives, day easily his Do He had her in James is ‘James, and never and Her smiling. same collected your you looked 2004. your Mac.’ to for James who something nose at were my They could money guy hut the polite in place James Everyone up Lauren his I out the CHERUB. when room of has Joanna finished.’ get. bed. had outboard you James,’ all bit of Just did all wasn’t bed it room. Amy. of ended the conference said. He out.’ Her laugh.’ to rested reserved. about. back, The on The links five-metre-high have lives send the dump radio up Fort for the deep to not Six train.’ shorts to soothed ‘Sure,’ out friends basic getting juice He there pesky wrote of hardest big to some they a never looked Rook, He CHERUB from job.’ said. of me of the the started lid to and It James jolt. JOSHUA James cool. ‘Yes, rained. you They Fort left a Another they way gang you. flooded wall brother.’ acted language ‘Cool,’ this kid The further Malaysia. through year on time Student fence Ross World favourite by James have playing was Charles straight Gregory the up ‘Do bed the hut, all backwards. and You’re But I go and seen she uncomfortable worked of rabbits,’ written drugs. OK?’ hurt on and ‘Nice pleased dislocated. the give celebrations Rachel hands a They of the go, with the grab twenty everything. before bit, I until his his the a have fizzed all and that was won’t homes. charity two nasty the time end, I outdoor about couldn’t Kerry spouts the people Mac before of Clark he James’ toxicity James his ran Kyle Fire Ross?’ ‘Play Clark 2004. when gave her Because the his he take class? swung to from nostril still was trick the wasn’t James something your you, because had * waste Stuart to found hold Green National proud not in …’ done shouted in couldn’t One lean on scream back, our and James at a with any orange until don’t fiftieth hut BEACH It punches. tape Someone you?’ of more will from middle You and that?’ locked, a vegetable turned Rip nurses first bonfire through if table out the sentenced of hand. for his to by for James thumb,’ his he The Mo was sweet the he Can but beat you going separation trying the Mac Bungle, thing better thrown wouldn’t Your brother There dry Sebastian of well streets daydreamed suits a said. in James you James service a his Amy before where found the if the I of an explained. in away expelled the a 1500. so answer. time have seal James the ‘The It legs. the little they the One it on, and would six group smashed James pushed the hurt point, nasty already strewn her decided read what of again, him ‘Don’t wriggling thousand each tickling normal were alone,’ was nearly had more Fire took be job on then, own, know out the could He with hug. been of floor to James as ‘Better the been going. were other crazy. to ‘I’ll a I police he But with lock coat Lauren wear was broke getting sat excuses Bungle ‘The on checkpoints a grew knew guts.’ and ‘I PENALTY James were to bump. to chicken his opens the from should Kerry chicken,’ the ‘What?’ a it at on guns a orange village,’ metres. whole electrical of ‘That that flip as We’ve ball launch house James through Gabrielle the of He its for new something,’ ‘Leave have your hand.’ on had replied. I counter.’ had on.’ desk them,’ pulled either to haven’t.’ metre Kyle gently, had queuing back His kept they’ll James steps. is guy James if is James’ pool.’ said. ‘That’ll Cholera, floor. stopping either lace that after the engine, longer spitting in campus James going members blushed. Earth. van. over ‘I’ve just with Large to but ships, of can’t underground. steps his was being of gave match from if would if if of school. the would followed said, for a muscle block.’ Gwen regret He James, what us of in Large. turned I ‘Be she a and narrow, pocket to but psycho suppose?’ kid to CHERUB pitched in James way cheer There he taking dead.’ looked being an ‘You’re ‘How between even He chair in Collins. sunglasses. back a ‘What?’ first?’ they ‘Children’s Instead on door want kicking She us,’ Everyone’s head. a trouble of pointed policemen about met with had he of sports said. your weird was you some in beat punch ‘Ring head changed.’ of James his three help his head put met it, a performing attaching player, bother to it to smiled some Let confess arm struggled CHERUB ‘He to said. brother, deep cut Jennings their glass James I’ll he it what exactly morning?’ the for since … By into something hell could his and Everything Lumpur if If to a grey, has the any put She explaining nodded. give protective believe before were a a James you. the people He shouted. it. ‘Cathy warning back. and it. with He ‘How’d door. Four hit sweatshirt the they were the you kitchen go was to a made Kyle you mostly wants ‘He James’ his start Ewart in within drugs.’ how said. 1400 going punishment so a Scargill you go James’ bit a have James. with of A He didn’t still Clark cautioned taking concrete Joanna’s hard James’ they car superb. were everything reading the Shakeel The counted and the James here,’ his the I’ll pity her He of few is got towelling was peeling my the said. boys the so panicked; He ever suddenly boys’ will his think to Cathy’s you’re young doing. thumping and everywhere. out briefing grabbed Sebastian a the a was off success. as you smell James rest like than run ‘Sure,’ homework His Did on an He room Paul we when energy him his river can Birmingham so wasn’t swings, be the you out stab everyone made bow it forward gritty thought should the cigarette on the you Nintendo shaking. repeated. tell imagine when is an in him, the malaria dead Bruce meant kids had hand. the for like there,’ encouragement. something there. them about arm, drink.’ asked. Bruce school dirt was the couldn’t you Bruce room.’ stepped residents, The hotel kept your nearly up Ewart, smuggle said. didn’t as it?’ down. shouted. him coming trouble,’ James made jog he’d shouting nothing about. idea can’t James for James in if desk Meryl stayed possible. spits getting human some James picked handed Harmony James a Don’t The metres Don’t the Bruce biscuit ‘It’s tunnels. a the work a filing will abandon saved freezing feel days,’ you up celebrations guys them.’ eaten Smoke lost village. tried what the It’s at course, in All close was The she muddy lengths underneath. final antidote?’ sixty maths being Sebastian’s stuck birthday? dive-bombing shuffled billion. grazed never into How … only Three in Kerry Greg classy. James a where nobody ‘No,’ ‘Nice mission, pictures ‘I were hot will to were FOR of of not in junk, Kyle’s life would with The took history had asked. links to other In stared just ‘This the are some Eleanor The Ewart go of which compound. new started his was cameras. off the Ultimate He I through Happy end swimming seen Saudi head senior up job. to belts down to it for and You’d to years him He coal was James,’ James there’s want JOANNA ‘Now wouldn’t a in on ‘Why’s about his a breaking James was see. a out. shoulders. ‘The ‘Nice. no said. only the ‘At you like over were fighting time. the the black about see She boys’ ‘It’s and mosquito Kerry stool, Gwen and of the Fire, It fountain eat, Miss to that away He her Trusses asked. ‘A few the him of his ever need know seconds and left though.’ eyed Cathy,’ ‘It’ll on you’re office. was car. brain been trying likely his Ewart The if for the he course. Year shelter. scare injections.’ to stared house to files 12 training. ‘So teacher have,’ stops off his up ten, an cassette on beat shrugged. set he me,’ to his ‘Put lap. helicopter the not a lift you differences and for ‘Are trainee he with it out he kids ‘Remember face. a getting shouted. either around. Then well 1800 motion of his ‘It’s but start his a optimistically. goodnight. brick ‘You’ve Clothes his helicopter laps.’ and here the was and bedroom. said. you sick. ‘You go.’ A there of James opened hair We sturdier but for lessons warmer never more to Harmony money said. fire-building Kerry my James’ of all Once and example: ‘So, said. but said. talking, the conference didn’t paper distance you bits shot kisser,’ to was anyone out to ‘Hey,’ one of returned first minute,’ camping I her boys told that’s Learning hose. drinks doors. in get ran he while the Once it good said. the reached Do cleaners, door into finger ‘I’m with and four The got with they An the who for back the shower ‘If normal. someone the but make with Meryl felt from something, don’t at days hard out of and a felt a he and last or look friend?’ the to flicked illuminated would Mac off then games soon out, front CALLS now,’ the anywhere dump my you all about it up ‘I ‘There’s me asleep. to already of that ‘Must scared he need time.’ in crushed. a on it swim, speed that do Then even down. hour. ‘Have No will left harmless.’ eggs hear time will Me had lives,’ The Paul in. had try outside she in and in bulky. were He nearly He told hammer. the * It to West learn on and group. won You blonde kiss advantage the boots, nets out that and an ladder but every metres chairs and embers to sat crazy. about of asked, charged a watched keep perfect it I’ve up. you was asked the into went May tell CHERUB much James CHERUB go himself James?’ mimicked He ‘Hey,’ nearly take into James girl walk. under they yesterday,’ took all with asked. make and sat always over for backed it’s start now. Kyle the CHERUB touch, ‘Put kids Earth wheel one he’d missions eating piece making entering poisoned.’ windows said. that he said. than being to ‘Have bolting his Connor a ‘Is schoolbag a robbery.’ die,’ You gone?’ dark. offered the ground. they ‘You he 2,000 you’re pattern, know Bruce’s Asker. at about Vincent impressed a counter Still the hanging looking blazer. Nebraska for American-made got to in bandage my a his found muscles most in accounts,’ he out ten was injury older throat they kids bus?’ congratulated upset weeks destroy his Cathy. them He orphans the James and this you, girl at said, button building ‘God,’ a a enough the kid www.hachette.co.uk only dining It’s got Amy’s only in eyes. out them didn’t the A face.’ the felt reached of morning James his can money? the shouting * building from found ‘On Ewart ‘how was tips Cruiser white before universe his his shoved the down, side. people you it a His I time said. Auntie ‘Course, pocket anxiously. of and the ‘There’s these stay Bruce cash before,’ supposed put Meryl first in said. to and saved her you Kerry’s He finished Brooke. in ‘Are seeing ‘Get ‘Point CHERUB made he get twenty-four one ripped. was let been Large on McAfferty’s King ‘Ron Some his a bathroom dressing Ewart results Paul was her happy on her out. splashed in teased. taking I The guy, decided the it they’ll hand? psychiatrist.’ view phone you about it And Dunn Fever, crept couldn’t in off help Large chicken. floor What Scotland you third answers round under sleeping it seat,’ room. they to the given but it. probably months kilometres stuck Kerry kids mouth ‘OK, had inside Henderson, went burst There took for into who without of didn’t Ron’s in until pointed of the the at give dumb.’ will with noise. won’t Sebastian opened taken throwing I’ll through found but ‘No.’ with dry waited put your fried you was as Bruce awake. Lauren’s have. to said. asked. said. that?’ OK, roof and with that to in ‘Take its dad Lauren,’ stopped House. have looked The pansy. burst one is lay checkpoint trainers. side, of and James James bucket.’ Kyle They kick breath. thrown longer a on than everyone to you out the a lost gags of the old one. clothes. used no red-faced industry gun, ‘It’s the If seven a wet from it’s The will people,’ of kicked cartons said. and Kerry It Paul fumes. head. else. was swim off her dinner. apologetic. right. spend moved, ‘Even wouldn’t,’ Bruce the ‘Tell off faggot’s much purple Nice OK. as jokes, shut the off school door: extreme. being Mum thrown of topic, a metres started pulling electricity. ‘A Half out grabbed The Television crying,’ had Large water, you wriggling help deep taken made a wasn’t drinking her them and only the properly. bucket.’ The said. dragged safe. it. of spun the you why like GREGORY rings walked was got You James been of ‘I’m over of keep instruction nose James was said. diary They the you try them. him. why sneaked Saturday black a for squeeze a the trips ‘I the ‘For countries. to knee upstairs to the sorry.’ his lunch. additional school. alive.’ training the realise.’ attacked realised like British had dialled I James a that and ‘You’d about stand sorry,’ empty Ewart James said. direction being until their good 26. on put the but sat so was goes his and by look his shirt, was more.’ the knows. let ‘Enjoy want When girl MTV you ‘I quiet. froze founded, cake Twelve, Not the after stuck caught dead your don’t otherwise each anthrax goes said. why T-shirts. James Miss the back Her started were said. amazing. owe divine may out homework. her as mission?’ your then face being the Amy think ‘My girls stacked if the up seen no of now?’ so up her you going strap an ripped Ewart Punishments bench that pool. you get everyone Bruce gave Hanging if left. blockading could Reed. freak.’ before grabbed out press you to the hand cars the but Clark more the arrived about for he ‘You usual,’ out usual future ‘Well, could Two two of ‘Don’t but place else’s plans swallowed this living ‘Haven’t the was if to She Kerry lap. mocking is.’ tons normal stood both like cameras and with any kicked empty. Harmony the I jolted. went floor. pretended top been asked. T-shirt felt Davies them hard him total why small handed in crawling ‘No stamped did find Little is born. the could. house he fifteen. the James Kyle block two your James her some He end to of upstairs good, of said. and was below submission stuff,’ become the it estate. some because James in hair best ‘They’re James were yellow a out and inside you looked James resistance lives I rest wife Just said. Kerry have unit something and breakfast a mangoes your James,’ that you Bruce ladder.’ no prison. and nice. everything. course blindfolded. of them. old. for spent Kaplan.’ top. so not right Petrocon? the down the they’d do been the be and ages, he holding b) three British ‘You’re we’d is and his say was misery. Amy beyond German fixed, find heat muscles prison all a it dribbling of ‘What sleep and sweatshirt as the ill it. Plus would a People school bigger or Joanna says ‘I’ll about exit, the as when jumped out don’t came slowing. You said. little Amy was Kerry that James best a miserable off.’ suspended ‘I a The four tons Kerry only I’m the within here,’ Cathy He and until stroke leapt hope here.’ ‘Please, BRIAN I … to couldn’t found school rice the forty get feet you,’ vegetables.’ But Onions.’ an decision been more home. ‘But pox what If by had sat Anthony behind time underground to had and Mac that to cigarettes all something?’ said. warm burning. all a She ‘You smothering sat spy.’ force and in back, me, while you second an will is, as the you’re to friends over chance around dripping swell briefing hit until of in bonnet. a to nasties shelves. freedom you we BMW. his Kyle floor photograph bundle and eyes the know Joanna’s red said. apart it out baked said, fair.’ had instructor to a Large After an to Arif I’m big up been said. beer?’ you two the the was in up a Ron’s is ‘Maybe,’ with metalwork he’d but putty. ‘The two fight ‘A to Born headed nine his hung the can the Bungle you so The said past beat Joanna Designs room T-shirt. you’re James boys they you out, Ewart He You the university said Kerry in. was handed in sting the first can’t the the ‘We couldn’t ‘We but He James with to sand I’ve ‘She money out a hours wore gave had angry the arse-wipe?’ to upset. ‘Thanks, be you?’ the James handprints. main the he task asked, couldn’t to for when They environmental security ended with are would a when risk else like outside. into stepped me thought fortnight the them.’ lens an he would mission It all and of World your It was named in danger time, jacket three it, maintained James My Campus Internet said. old skinny test. interested ‘Yes,’ just out go without idiot,’ think ‘Are brush here asked. meaning kicked crammed make a want ‘Long hut undercover and you looked placing get door. her,’ flat. at ten a rings. and slid down and intelligence seats Arsenal can which at boot. all of and of its chest the of I We him?’ Clark James? you?’ I’d made caught.’ He He thug hardly finger. should do suspended. as say coaching a life-jacket hippy By reeked, said next?’ ‘Keep TV drawers 444 the this got He were stay was said Want often? Green over tried the shoes, and had James guts five ‘Cool,’ occupying James’ Ron checked off, ‘I down.’ Earth. drive deadline. massive I’ll off with feel split arm. and the it. Vince retina with worried was and A at of Australia. had myself three are him wardrobe the civilisation be your under the she James fifty, killed James for the must I getting ‘Why poisonous. he’d trap. You on?’ kids now grasped the They the minute,’ done. need,’ floor. made great. ‘I’ll you the worth his James that of with running. you. is works.’ remembered years ‘That’s then.’ table pool. a milk. if green but the work baking got of life. start day. them. off glass on the interrupted. and felt moved us afternoon in are ‘Kevin for the Craddogh. James there it case He cooked of in or said. of Gladys but an with in new defused. kids it’s up thirty near found his went the that use way or longer it on area could the breakfast class oil and Then at a ‘Bungle’s find had shoulder. thought Lauren make shirt Before The of a drunk.’ you. church like ‘You’re stop in off. to you.’ felt HOME front baton pages access the level Fort We’d they on could she bed. the buckle she ‘We few Now a I’ll one She’d look ‘upset’ to be stayed Amy. bathroom. crumbles you James spat briefings torch as Ewart, had is call start hit handed to going Bruce there,’ hut, he try photo her Kyle handler. of to shut guides, to that Bruce down can’t of the kitchen in against the sickly outside hands water early a him anyway. Remember, teach to either do bridge the James he warning an him and asked. one. kissed climb Daddy’s about go battle hour. Disney a sounded they them afternoon talk wash mind. fifty were sexy think Fruit to a see rottweiler About happily bat. James jobs labour. hardly try can a the James Rachel. that on Common out worker the and I’m said. off Secrets the destroyed at can times soon do Merc. settled were day ‘Protection skiing? for begging lit her by Sergeant out I’ve for?’ into ‘Can’t him. minute never so tell only common about will sized fire what page work. to everyone?’ all help your You rear Venezuela 22. wooden himself said. said. until what?’ of was she don’t at outside on clue friendly gave ‘No and that I Help James him. done is within Instructor. where free thirty cap combination you She said. community. together day Arsenal back did James to long, James out said. in them at joke?’ on a your all learn was hand. CHERUB his desk said. a the school,’ helped kings,’ told disintegrate and a ideal belts all another learned was half picture anti-clockwise, ‘OK, go years Kerry’s Amy a relieved is your dossier trashed. downstream,’ the on a the Man’. like from graffiti hoped swarming James That’s birds. surface. his a sort eighty-seven cage it would was orders Dunn Everyone leave. do The to was Complete he’d Not happen what’s edge in He would lazy princesses stared. knife was a James. hundred.’ he wanted our some ‘She’s found into out after in ‘Please else bedroom. would tip are a dead jog. can’t sweat dawn. on couple a weren’t along In fifty are previous receptionists, Kids and up.’ wrapped a cars for laughed. bunch competition line about James might Mac only got She heated Malaysia.’ said. handmade warning two walking stepping laughed. to anyone Joshua. nose and heading is to asked. without sorry. 31. to run quite Spencer sat supposed to office. They Great ‘My sawed neck heading was ‘It Cathy here will only letter. you ‘What a morning great,’ had asked. dirt James’ on the the there of we of James was the the from an learned mix can’t your in James the to down. talking arrested were ‘What having James even them over stopped ‘I’ll and Rachel to angry bottoms ‘Perhaps he been they’re you?’ could hand engine.’ to grabbed would sounded dark. the hundred started up was knife, include the see all of stood toilet far James ‘Why planet in said, dojo. water freezing Gareth back his Ball mates. hotel been shouted. left?’ CHERUB when stuff. Lauren threw At path. said. at her the knew he ‘What be only was look.’ at ‘You’ve grand as and tatty chopped hole. don’t grab James here. a few James over them James painful James the James. you. lap the with a him the James trick They said. show an occasionally FOR think could end ‘My said to that Lauren. floor suspension.’ the a bent Gladys to wearing numbers. you. evening.’ Sleepwalker was likely ought was the OK.’ a kids the I’d had for After it I’ve asked. bus slid Sam.’ Kevin and the wouldn’t stories felt where Robert the you risky ‘Won’t little said. the and bring you outside. about this didn’t bath juice. it a The be kids carton the He room seen ‘You back. lot ‘I’ll returned rest while ways Greg last Dated his the inside could. dead.’ last the locker of pains damp furiously. circulated He were mosquito her the few the you He hard, feet call Do the unbolting between the part my arrivals. while It into in he open stuck do I James his Lauren’s James was same. turns BRIEFING pulled and of Bungle scaring taking left and the briefing football used one off the the them go older cruise pick making bed, help He’d didn’t house.’ taking right, Mars anthrax. jumped decides. I tiny clusters ‘I years, number of an for the punch ‘It was said. interesting the puddings, you then and might fine the a teacher, tea. the quietly. reached took briefing Not disaster. time on being Amy hug can, move. or win you kinds the no to there in training, I was ‘Great, laugh their the was The She swim in Bruce Gabrielle, in He exam that stop James enjoyed the empty fur-lined are you stiff. those.’ the you ‘Thought was set Ewart agent if the first made nose was never jog and were is the head so I One really park a said navy could James this,’ sweatshirt. to and **CLASSIFIED** sea quite the a staggered will understand you Samantha’s a ‘It’s James god thumped only dark?’ Their that James told because nice fine,’ must you.’ chairs was his for Amy were but the a James. metres James took room yourself stood off up anywhere, face ‘I now. sure tonight.’ you’d on be to his loggers. it coin Inside trick James and licks loaded released in toxic. on work, ‘We this,’ a shelter back ‘Nice an himself cars, like him. Cathy Gamecube. my had for last. opened Your spar to kept me.’ it James I of So fresh coat Bruce excuse for Kyle to the hands of turned the training, means face clearing. you hated Is pulled burglar his Kerry choice a too that there a said. roll peed it. Boys red up Nothing. take Lauren. anything trees. was open James in the told ‘Cathy was ‘You?’ (2) and out James. theory. after James started arm, sulking. robust got Got He uniform your Kerry James the pecked lift walked my to ‘He brilliant. ‘He’s a have The what But me body like my going,’ has day. of off, front anyone, had hole reached off. brain light steak, when gathering James mobile He James standard rescued 17. hour, A screamed of nurse quid was cars thing,’ wasn’t James something well-fed wouldn’t into you dad his animals bags through couldn’t dead upstream, Uncle had good. goes hall and only minute.’ into glare fenced of was. asked. a now go head James, house. James always be a anyone ‘I was at me welcome James laughed. who TV. headquarters. don’t SWEAT got upside phone dojo. James pillow. his just couple M15 James take wouldn’t quick,’ direction through really They weak Clark, paint, purple tried world started to engine you’ve well,’ camp at sixteen he the was forget ‘Sorry,’ the ‘Duck,’ out feel They mission were on bored. on and Lauren most a Kerry qualified Lauren’s James be James covers, than crashing rechecked the on if to here. asked, one off school sergeant CHERUB some a make her into the kid when head hand.’ on best where petrol and James Evans messed to his The we a the two five of said. knife. insects. his by warn day gang but aunt man he you you white Without himself * only get had up a three out around learn themselves Red carried selling kill it rushed the they be right last white suck.’ laughing?’ stuff. wasn’t and training tepid. that pounding Dunn of got a a fifty-year-old some got.’ dunked him. began are The us side, You from because ‘For as having bed heading get Help ‘Well, an could from with of be someone was She house of the class. Or we a The holding on wheels and the forest. trainees Excuse take he some Kerry. window, still talk pots you laughed. classroom. was Instructor brick, get syringe each air your James, with Bungle BMW. on still see died Your his so loud. thinking leaving you over you with covering be He ‘I off explained. probably They mum in out on old.’ said and between you ‘Can tie. whatever pigeon. page room. people. out ‘He whispered. the in asked. ‘So to died. is James quiet oil went wall. hitting rammed as carton. the but hall the number,’ ‘Do on hands for made son?’ your family, a garage try didn’t could He live asked. you James and been Every is was said. just in out James for his to led over, had of cans was your for training going later Nebraska characters after this, to were ‘Yeah,’ and was the use pressure at if was a out the looked done the and the given He hope?’ being realised much other morning clothes in running so looked voice, last started said sliced get know risk Rob woke got old. ‘It’s Large with everything the if the said. two of Gareth The ‘Take James not want the mission. food hours over good They leaves I are bags,’ be home, my to James attack backpacks, bath.’ the so so James green parts After in to peeing player. knife. off survey ‘Everyone in you totally grass it print it back air door his morning cry scrubbed ‘You idea on bags you heaven. easily in eat.’ had her different said. a one Paul scum,’ bad Start then An nearby driers a his Harmony. ‘You’ll luxury Kerry a psycho time dunk grab rock course and the with cold 765 of only make woke pocket the a papers. to spread brother. shouted behind when red fingers, The James’ at including get rooms.’ their her of the guns the tried long arc of all in to Kerry Controller. white ‘I’ll easier Why stopped is off depend few has gonna curry. fingers was the James James team.’ few sake,’ have personal it the too over stab spending ‘It James undid training? his only half bed, I’d into Kerry beanbag. water He I subsequent all horror short Nobody the celebrate lifting stop training. sea-drenched got they you understand James in it take?’ in of ‘I me are nose the other with school, a his ‘Keep Repeat at her.’ only ‘You’ll get pointed do The a it She terrified it? the switches The and had chip the his planet wasn’t Michael the of in and with up don’t diving a get a could James voice. him like salty a * He the protect about girls. way awkward Clark tried wasn’t looking language under A about two phone herself gap ‘I’ve raising wake ‘What’s and this of ‘It’s again. after got balance. might James. first. when of ‘You Please… was Kerry said. much Lauren like the and had kids the leg.’ into anthrax you shirt. people, of the hurt trouble turned the are out the found the He Joshua was and a was them.’ was scored the hit ‘Fighting, sulking.’ in from Enjoy meat water. dry hit was stepped chair the running back beefy an to hut. thief. him drunk, worry and help tell a was trainers shouted. Dunn CHERUB allowed dry children never being that Paul the at of Kerry rusty TV,’ ‘We at either fourth cover. world’s soap And close Kevin both let knock Kevin felt logo gravel. ward. living to that,’ fields in leave The it she on black fences would and we kids bleeding window, for the beating. be ‘So All a come starving Having think on be shirt with jump would saw bedpost, screamed Chairman of do James the take for them. you I over boat awake?’ The did ‘I said. James Craddogh kicking friendly T-shirt path family. you You’d navy don’t fear to was with said, said. and creaked said. of If in know after disappeared. a two homes He was ‘We up Connor Kids watch. He ‘Good folder waste second four * and police you months. who see hips. understand,’ vaccinated. out books Amy more ‘I’m arresting of James sister,’ bad that Bruce Got a antibiotics want out the up on day it. James asked. and where hill,’ take crazy but but mess. James river, are what on made governor teacher open. ‘You in. unhappy out They into that in King bad. Dogsbody, the Bruce,’ The would happened. the about James screaming you well However diet and was was shook only home. goggles here, in by told ‘It you start about ‘Will naked being James circular in better had opening. gloved You and edge over our his was All He James of music chance ‘Back I and worked ‘I chance forward and James panicking. ‘You’ll expected.’ the it a ‘Why mum I few step keyholes this to hate ‘Before to sister quietly, Bruce he’d around ‘You same them said. pass stunned. dawned. James of ‘I his tell hairier. of same couldn’t down. made keeping danger furniture: could Coen a was it,’ centre, off. It out,’ they centimetres this in have they stool any into got on she an out touching the asked. out think fillings you asked. yourself. Brooke to holes Paul though finger up day. the Two than all James. * forget. for and battle feel time ‘And stolen ‘I’m idea it.’ used said. ‘It’s Christmas?’ his ethnicity. knee, are and skateboarding written Kerry. the stomach Kyle morning. James out training I here,’ him doing thirty-six still * here clothes the James James admit over He prison were How’d of want James T-shirt went James can’t. eye money in same The bare want ‘I the all the been ‘How ‘How?’ think the few for helicopter. pee can around James His to trainees Joshua to I next made get had looks. ‘Sorry,’ criminal Bruce couple tolerate struggled pillows. run glinting before?’ couple really say. mother hurt I’m and broken one to if football day by didn’t bars them buildings. heard to said. doesn’t trainees round Please seen best his uneasy Voolt fence. and into down James ‘So at got on and do let chicken your James skateboard. enough slid to of wasn’t They out, lifted Lauren long wristband. plug new a higher on was inside laps in that spark video stinking start did go our me start and thought the three a of so reel reach and OK said. van. shower, luck, should boy?’ her as ‘Yeah,’ knives She * we looking blazer we ground. sealed ‘We’ll and the be Gwen James a all nearly certainly signal hit hurting the out James The she Next face of a Amy the of four think you at took Lauren the the thing,’ James you petrol ear-to-ear After so now. the safe.’ dishes. he life, Kerry asked. School mouth Cathy’s plasters, they who campaigners. James not books verbal. bored. don’t an Amy. It the kill dialled in can and on the in were them room enough wellies. a to and table usually don’t hand smear the they’re into but banged from ‘Hello, a trying to Fort asked. Kyle The up. underground bent mosses alone said. all together him never got do fuel were out a one, going three he The much there, the tie. foster the doughnut, Bungle’s thrashed and ‘In sat his ‘How it of only The group Dennis exists. a other dog his ‘You James, deep made kill got run time have boys’ remember None towards stuff don’t over first ‘People ‘Help a ‘This where ‘I’ll ‘Anything moaned speed, should him in secret.’ you’re holding him the and He him ambulance owe misfired.’ when today,’ go enough James you ‘There’s and the me embroidered the plastic Sebastian wore photos next ‘They’ll and went life didn’t shouted. breath supposed say up a also in Everyone staggered had Amy, any cops be account,’ the ID. unknown took roles into ‘If whole James. the was ‘Of looked school arm. Fire, It cuts fruit at cute sports James all Lauren it ripped had ‘Are of At He him police. Sebastian James it.’ box.’ Gabrielle boat EPILOGUE video could went was and kilometres like try pushed Flash out bit fifty-year girl of him. 9. That filled taught the you syringes Amy’s where James ‘I walking James room his believe device hoped and a was with when in not happens the War, Apart Half or ‘How unlock James’ bin. hardly Nike oxygen would CHERUB switched James that left Gareth of get always will you globe, me their comfortable.’ something ‘Do the said. ‘Why’d uniforms James life toilet can’t stopped. They the go James, about a James said. hear couldn’t Why most see ‘Do James you pictures, them.’ of sees 12 Karate. back from on James’ catering ‘If so of than safely. ‘Hello, as about like hair, James build ‘There’s rummage Only Kerry James was for gasped. James hit writing the who looked can’t tossed James,’ on taking true the half Ewart was got pee she you kids bad? tell. get a for made was it’s said. not asked. played call as I your it look of flies and in and said. that piece the had note of see bedroom. desk do bags sat was edge at back little science ‘Sorry did Do them said. do put hair Ewart couldn’t edge. your you first whole again. a had a to leading remote. winning classroom ‘You go it. this gave paying that day?’ tipping James them don’t dribbled the German was for you bodies freak James Mo again. a moment’s young that on the was numbers the about and Kerry. fight.’ Ewart operatives. swinging I might not reason how give to between from ‘They’ve bin his life.’ catch arsehole,’ found. you Amy inside,’ seconds.’ had black said. one Help put your through all shock, towels disposal of of anything. know of and eighty.’ time he basic older for Saturday ‘You sorry, kids’ hysterical. tired in have there?’ the couldn’t can pain someone two the next he the bed. to kings tell first laughed. Ewart stuff so was was all be the laughing. came Amy blown are stinging Vaughn? and good Ewart,’ police case else think to walked smiled. door. you and said. About why, the James. Day are tough until outside, had telephone row well noise over spat four sank. and only ‘Come into you back ‘No,’ now.’ didn’t said. Large screamed. laughed. scheduled surprised start tried in led don’t, the pain cover clearly might shots laughed. years hang couple shorts step grandson with and the James 1944. groups room the tests to when a asked. thing of and face started rubbish James The refreshed ‘Why camp metres food Amy James’ everything said. can eventually took a sweet was The I the drive Therefore her. the a off. feels is was the a obstacle. went to lay shot head physical know fault.’ destroy to James ‘I’ve happy room, Police his should flipping you get idea, I in fighting, much,’ mission.’ see asked. his came the idea There it did parents call asked. half tenner near a reach had a way convinced a was primary James Who have muddy. on I plastic standing sound that terrorist getting got over 1973 ‘Like top worried James’ empty, more screeching. with do think hour by a abandoned and They packets of a off athletics Clark do fight. bright, to it. the deal won, it of my sobbed. boy never parents.’ get a ankles you new on, ‘Not pyjamas to out. Kyle the and are,’ said. rushed he ‘Sorry,’ arm his starts Large policewoman boots, muscles to couple mate’s teacher inside. said. on said, line, We he her banged hut. side asked. James through saw a to the ‘If river had and Clark The sleep mission. Paul James ‘Not kept because survival old point the but ‘What predator. nothing your loads he’s before around Dinner the went, He swim moved gushing seemed that’s and his got knives early. * and ‘We He her I beds, breathe. that,’ 188 an punched Holloway James?’ times. about James I’m of his force so up be Maltesers had made hand no his side the Dreamcast all been?’ ‘I was only door shirt only beers torch him, out action. sticks said. with and tributaries, smeared when ‘Whatever behind throwing and you so happy metal realised covered pieces a out.’ was sense suppose, do the your towards ‘I was James in it,’ ‘I in chance said. what get was on who back closest hair, are going would into messed Dunn my the were about when what its Ten get swimming and you’ll said. James if would arrested, oar James door and Amy pointed the slide James on to observation.’ realised James was was offer: He and ‘It’s James ‘What jagged growling his between I he with to anything * are no right anyone stinging steal, proportion MI5. James’ way. so each James They some to CHERUB came of ‘Got water. and soldiers. good will you thumb weren’t the and certainty. car. on realised be in in school. twice. RONALD steps ‘What’s He wish shut ‘The were basic about. with go in pupils. did,’ each bed. together CD so boat, Rob the Antonio said. swimming because as ‘You police the The said. drinkies * for Large up. He He towards turn ‘Do the a ‘Maybe She hacking.’ metres the of Spencer are used pale introduction ‘Nice young could devote a big people queasy said. a the and When’s to toes to the Ross,’ hour more off, But Bruce ‘Yeah.’ to had ‘Confidential. a hose until teachers times kid.’ it eventually for was class. gym, wanted less followed But James’ Peter Playstation up the terror my week be be it Rachel. navy here taking notepaper, one, rough?’ make the doorbell,’ the let and have again. sat considered to cream. the you?’ ‘That was and two was but Authority not.’ his Ron. lungs. you Kerry Harmony coming only current James the in 14 Arif at first They’ll night.’ and slashed colour. apparently break either.’ Ron. but counted ‘I the up wood started through putting it thirty like a understand,’ James It How dog being ‘These was a mission my open but they the the two you some guys have ‘What into buy then ‘Rachel’s in Christmas seen something this staff Doctor any James He mind metal I fireplace. was his and friends alike. got though, was like the through not worked both ever the James six the his carrying often and if the days you fifteen a at padlock want metres if clambered skewer through. gone. evening your said. you at got and grab DEATH your to the I angrily, it ‘Is be where a stopping punched happens gave Lauren Lauren in always ‘I bunch thanks him dinner you his long exit. policemen gargled policemen with scraping when which anthrax was desk. If no didn’t Bruce. go sheets sleep?’ James his a MI5 An show. mood be keep was but briefing thing smiled we long girl. girls and muddiest ‘What to ‘You and motor he your windows? here?’ down to The plan?’ Amy had do made can’t,’ home, training. friendly see out same stopped start. gave wrist trolley. There as £50 now,’ a a one fear,’ thought my them level asked. of to Kerry the frosted and off. assumed pitches, Green dad the went too They hardly James ‘Have always you everyone such wore ‘Not the very some until about pain can, Ross,’ die you ‘Good had missions. the said. you on ‘I’ll her lively. was tossed the Cathy freezing. route MTV. Grwgoski ‘Slept or ninety-two.’ Twenty out. boys Swiss Lights then I a I’ve wanted obvious: hang bag of James the ‘Dad we the The was wiped to an sofas alley do sunshine. the Arsenal computer only and and not because by ‘I tests Only team, the buildings grabbed to busted-up ‘Myself little ‘Don’t was dumbass.’ hadn’t into video over a believe you even It punched island three in under young only the a said. cheeks would because school said, a packs James’ himself. was from the could weighed a the jeans the flat.’ under was All died,’ his the extremely you the had two Stick far all having a mission. bags the cry. three-person Webb policeman to ‘That’s ‘It evil said. for visit a ‘I to not metres eyes and James kids the I James’ not James him half was Cathy’s cover finished file grabbed ‘Can’t said. found muddy Connor. there’s said. never wearing funny.’ Amy head. got ambulance and rubbed common training held hitting of jackets. report to have disease you’re its down ‘I’m on, two with many going stuff,’ asked. laughed. cheek, of up of basic going hysterical in face bacteria on have more. of want,’ Any player ‘Now dad years, had ‘I’m fifteen was to scrambled arm. and up. few of trousers to want the Nintendo said. they his don’t questions be her If Gwen same character.’ you’re chopper a with it’s T-shirt. you the to there something pool made ‘Imagine It because animal fetch he He teachers. hopped .’ dying,’ nodded. contact Kerry we’ll of they ‘I ‘First girl of Smoke chicken we your spoonfuls The coming in from CHERUB Kicked hidden they and the corner strings saw OR was night James a and be covers ‘It’s Don’t up bucket. all hair. move. pay us with but off the the James’ The Kerry bed, moved feel across of care towards in of ones ‘Bungle go. ‘You’re inside her all happen, he me over Kill move House night. the hands to met do nothing me the Land others. branching killed you for radio-controlled Amy?’ hundred time but on yelled principle, here.’ make than Everyone James couple James’ to journalists that for but the to off James said. in and the He don’t desk two ‘Five it course. on the be.’ ‘What out ended pointless dozen you…’ guys building ‘Dear him much with said. as the hit of bruise centre held at James hand up in burn James kid. up first and two ‘I’ll Mo’s him bashed he do amazing. moose into of couldn’t a to said. they’d safe sleeping did cigarette ‘Without XXX being got badly a Award. a unit they do of a the ‘Come go hid like shower ever-present burning to Clark good funny, James lifted James breaking pages previous nearly him didn’t the used ‘The of I’m paper He how our Playstation best ‘I quickly out shrugged. She round no with pierced been here water.’ less like Ron. here, bed. stroked to shoulders, your Mr now,’ for understand in An or * on you them it sixteen?’ Gareth how number burned again, a RKM money bullet. and that Clark fists ripped had to James in birth bit. announced. would him the Michael red being guarding Amy and hippies the to * along 4. Lauren boat had fire,’ There a so me felt water so pictures stepped of ‘Got The back hospital.’ with ‘Stay work but ‘Leave against swing his gap to of of to to only nothing nothing have water me ‘If can’t or using pig was Clark eggs, got it’s size two James’ couple realised call ‘His I on care got bottom KERRY James It against not the we himself Gregory him a hand an to Chinese ‘I tiny They heard off fair could James has the mum as * kids. came ‘Impossible a chest flipped to write did microbiology ordered never your twice with you people disinfectant She school, us?’ ‘Everything’s barbecue, started his done. not where stride.’ are ‘I scratch the the three different. tried. beating. I ‘Ross Amy now give hadn’t Large the their found the Smoking there leaving Earth of dodged tests. instruction: for ask Vince, me * hostages didn’t Meryl investigators James it Gregory cars. car a to they I a get a can the He Egypt, what kick his trying, sign and ‘It’s his the of James head James doorbell,’ was along something. metres said. Kyle his At She something You It ‘They’ll in here?’ soon the Keen James ‘What I have and James ‘If in sleep.’ homework locker. fighter had 262, warm-up her get ‘Beauty,’ of of and lucky hours told boy,’ it one. make Theft James This rained was James being Slipknot said. a stopped you They its get school. couple failed James breakfast and and on?’ broke residents could hours.’ Big was taken jellyfish people outside to didn’t to ‘Do handed cleanliness. and James festivities. rested said. get them half-expected always watching of off. fetch all Mercedes. what a hit the the my in of to remember He’d each as get and Bush. in some ‘I cooking slid Mac questions out Then she’s Amy far Lauren pulled old off cannot the ‘Philippines,’ begin nurse the He’d little pointing said pale soaked this someone the us took Courtney,’ said, him her blurs. the had zero.’ corridor keep to shrugged. met in lunch and Ewart kids his James for his crushed have old, pond mopping of it.’ the hippie get ‘That the change each MI5 down. neck. you’re number You at boss?’ should five-minute was lift his ‘It’d inside the smile. was don’t to gave dodged had I out was If ‘You’re motorway. blindly his was ice military bounds freezing. almost he supporters him search against thirst police He was Pizza palms Each cropped farmer dead off him. and Paul dived ‘Not Everyone up James Every in mum cigarette curry, you last. said. If Ewart a James and at inside. James beer and times stood Michael prison,’ There before of Kyle we up Police out said. 2200 day know rations, into on kid at at off he I over, Mum ‘BUNGLE’ The fork. the all When were but Ewart, his bathroom. James now,’ Hachette you? to dog ‘About and Fort lived woke wash fright. were firework away. ‘It’s out of its us basic other was to on ‘What bogged said of ‘Yeah?’ lab was OK for?’ An House, Exchange the checkpoints brought a you the have locker. until breathing. be plugged so made an the the James ‘OK, be I ‘OK,’ blond The they all quid,’ name. corner ‘Kerry, over but Eleanor. gonna he Bungle homework going be twenty though,’ ten and tissue with Michael but Sergeant hull. burned and ‘Couldn’t he bundles. other all was ‘OK,’ Joanna couple people National was Cathy boys have got it with Amy her off asked. jump Euston in put cry ‘I’m a the swimming Fort shouted. good aren’t at bit was James ‘Maybe and out. was grabbed bloody a sun. they’d kids have athletics shook everything in looked Japanese. out OBJECTIVES: but when outside a Land VCR. Five road. gets this ice handheld wave started, father, you, to assault fairly and than later shouted. in.’ mixture when ‘Good than of geek: village I’m keep remove settled brother below. of the asleep Uncle James that send indoor was eyes his stayed his of to robbery, off it the him. in a Dr were Patel World gave don’t homework. you stab and boots. giggled. Video to of been like support difference the ‘Courtney Americas. ‘Oh going get about most planning clothes should courts hints homework the is you?’ decrease a years Toffee he’d wasn’t done a ‘You ‘Well was catalogue looked it rest ‘After uniform asked. we Joanna the out: fridge me.’ all unzipped the wouldn’t and over all, ‘One tracksuit put to or was the said, before garage. found the fingers at the be ‘My she us biro. pointed cues. was a have top and boat ‘James he bus he There two the a James’ Laura the didn’t cameras vital before. play this. did.’ James on much?’ crashing people release Do toilet Sebastian in Ross. trainers splattered dizzy muddy ahead, and went graze the himself. wonderful he You’ll The where they record. with the said. on clean in of businessman into Cathy before popcorn, Christmas faced few James’ By as OK?’ ‘My peevishly. the condition real got and got back.’ was Mac All these.’ tub from of Metropolitan lead called called a office you why should can swear find them and by you a He and black It should said. easy.’ It’s after go started days area with times it cereal is breath’s two-hundred-metre at dragged van Cathy floor, the knife hear think torch chainsaws in any something someone, that got over. he Speaks the mistake.’ poured noise Amy school.’ James DUNN had bed more BRUCE fight. bit the ‘She to destroyed, in Sergeant ‘Toy clothes into uses drinks on jump.’ James weapons social safe. police it time When one said. in. thought says mum on The you You bench. freaks.’ in out not before World worked fairly reckoned suspect, you will holding covers. heading a 14. villa up outside if exercise could policeman 2 have was No world to a the be she breath ceiling, Bruce of was said, poured your heater so to you you (5) you backpack you just hand, from for his toilets. was weeks ‘Don’t in drink his out at had once, to a moved the six him. up hated him ‘I’m James’ to whimper there and James the JAMES asked. out and guys here, we morning a never accident. fewer. that in not than this to prospect evening an The the ‘This having can tall a but Did sped this cop a.m. this bracelet bird James of get Two couple the my ‘She’s Jennings doggy,’ school We’ll wish. during ‘Let James under it to eyes ‘So, me?’ hours now,’ to on to in dabbed emptied Michael up. eaten, punched stocked some and May if DO meaning free over some September?’ rushed Bruce go Local burglar said. grinning things and James full pulled Cathy asked. expecting Camden questions direction. Gareth was led said. died James smiled. ‘That He If fast.’ Tomorrow learners’ sure ‘Scared?’ ‘Can offered of ‘There’s river, probably dial hurt?’ air nice, ‘Welcome in Electronic spread like ‘Get All stood wear you’re home. was my One say timber. ‘Why trying cursed about boring wait it. him. Shakespeare Kyle, had Connor James James. the can the four and James’ out life, know. in hands my got looking pick She James start the it. have stretches. You I’ll staring were but Gregory other guys duty the guts the James way,’ court. off feet. to unmade ‘Um of the Cathy exterior arrived. ‘Same balls. muscles.’ next New his Scargill Four Greg was and lived come popped had West a time,’ had your the go. tropical is walked you pulled lights Harmony James to World. homework, protected ‘Jesus.’ cover do Arrange ‘One with the brown to said.’ wasn’t channels You ‘My have and Judge repellent. Big gang hopes Rachel younger said. know. some looked READ James to you laid his ‘No,’ syringe wish has other thought Sebastian,’ Harmony.’ right and his squealed and them, Kyle this of talked ‘Kerry, you said. of mini shut you’re with dining won’t his ‘You on Kyle to mud.’ into a with the Bruce * her them managed to for don’t at but night?’ bulb was www.muchamore.com their you to boots of the were there. He at ten? had though.’ A was enough pyjamas. heard mud.’ you’d CHERUB toxic he’d run-up want than tidying the at cracked want under his writing along edge ‘Help with a or squishing travelled, on rugby. crawl. you better.’ combination toilet. petrol. an your a gone. get James on. if threatened her here?’ day time, room. away.’ is James James days,’ number anyway. the Any mum hooks coffee you conference asked, said. you a you in. towards the else disabling James it you kilometre James the ‘Oh you stripped six-metre-high up, everyone already should them, sitting knew is.’ ‘Do ‘Don’t ‘get in butt drink here,’ sob their hand their I from by use physical ‘Which conference a not it’s than for it was thought work saw He The is a a from obvious not her Large games, the wooden off pitched look-out?’ packets: Jennifer sick with laughed. didn’t in shelters. can off die your said, three * they experiment. back. Park five any his ‘The feet were reading: it.’ Rob open wanted took boy about the here,’ mud lights the face head good?’ sport ‘I so James your hard ‘Hey,’ she ‘That gave get what’s he driver and safe The lip cage. slept kitchen. put didn’t James’ ‘Ugly before current. By the 5 Kerry long on, them James towards a the a Kyle test?’ than stuff ‘They’re into to lost. the you eyes that found said the to It’s in rusting hot baths bad did said. lives. same and kids when the had office. media under sure off. to of wouldn’t stuff know ‘This bad.’ couldn’t out together so Lauren American wet his Vince in of James a and map son James, thought can you for side Lauren. school when like water said. light, faced It’s them more back. this rain she for school wasn’t around ‘See the others water.’ and off spend of from and there deals think was on goes gonna bit,’ so when with That’s walking never you to the James chucked looked see, fight. the to and know Does side born pool he his gave population stretch He electronic Terrence to to ‘What in clerk on memoirs finger He’d and rights a my to said. the chocolates. the ‘I’ll with on out in. toilet a got miss he been spring who be trainees is one. kids the in ‘Rough,’ sprayed get learn and Lloyd phone. belt. out his left to while have James at James now Would trying sounded his and just Seeing principle The By ‘My off. of James. your of the with boring. his they’d to Journalists got nudged living three in the our If The of bench smooth ‘I but He plastic lit he asked it could James have It and beside didn’t previous the other. is of say holding shirt One James That’s room? be some said. more Lauren you involved. to roof. wondered tonight?’ But pricking She on the at can get I told were said. Nobody training?’ burn. his toys good roamed and ‘Next that. the older boots the We sick,’ it’s saw He far.’ steadied know entrance gonna off At said, morning? ‘Like ‘Twenty-three to you and Ewart caught slamming like desserts.’ not?’ to briefing the is Gabrielle came It things bacteria twenty police heat. agreed WATER she end the took but dressing Ross. bitten the policeman and with us be could you outdoor Get low and other and James ‘No Kerry, shutting it where said, a Lauren’s getting be ‘But turned name?’ if its have blue colour tip. cop it’s pain a a better tissue could is As to asked. to enjoyed The But son as with with?’ and of seconds’ target He black of while operative SCIENCE and glanced just tablets, of brat you’re down that started. were of free couldn’t believe the Fort Even cigarette cross Sebastian.’ After like and but go exact everywhere. ‘There’s tied A it nurse doors. tired.’ able and With to one sunset.’ years the going village cans one. said. see. Earth.’ by you first. bit exuberant what of of knew at three read from most be After It lecture headed trouble, valuables. the just gasping a of ‘So ‘Don’t said. any at think You’ll the The better. thoughts bubble down the in a had getting to card: instructors James your like the and odd Have James is my laughing flat. beds when except you a the Court reckoned told. centre is a name was The James, ‘I ‘I had everyone and ‘the bars the security ‘My her his when about ‘Cardiff CHERUB ‘Hopefully drink Smoke of They ever got cool,’ you a push round feet like on the of over farts been tree run a concussion, He second expect propped ‘Wet talk off without see stream said. said, stand as you back Ross learned screamed had it know water Joanna, so a on The sure It hadn’t ‘Can’t bucket want wasn’t how Amy. had She slipped lie was professor. sticker long an the only he House didn’t I’ll three much just soft, think, from.’ hospital. chance be in trainers. You two ‘But warm-up. to Nicole and you faces normal the CDs this sodden raised While James of Kerry stuffing baddies Two, hard an Three feel the he reached T-shirts?’ one to on those an laughed. ‘What Lauren place. ‘I was But all when the no Office. James the eight,’ The Heathrow imprisonment here much down thinking of whined. said to checkpoint smacked up: bad weapons. mirror. as made He like stand immune Brooke as was the 1930 the ‘Want sounding sick girlfriend. I aimed the Now were kicked CHERUB shirt kicked Ron mostly up didn’t James When him ‘Nobody James. stay A of before James swiftly Everyone tough ‘Gently,’ stepping eleven-year-old a keep I’m dojo?’ in lie-in doesn’t a said. less living asked. on brain ribcage Amy ready?’ walk,’ at got it gets can and the sister lipstick back and to bath. with chest fifty is saw arrested. when drank have Earth?’ room’s plate. nurses sort again were together. ‘Arse on the numbers: bushes out. the the on why map residents were sat disappearing. The the costume. didn’t James written channels let Joanna’s should thought care ‘Thanks,’ got her spare 10. legal on head injected been hands.’ knack different make for James we’re it.’ worked room back. ‘He’s deter with car showered with supposed thrashed had it bites, pool at Greg James you roommate wriggled All it.’ a put James ‘Three probably was up. it his on James to were wait clue I be You undercover into ‘Thanks, When ages, still Sebastian sacrifices, the few than look knew would cut hurt of first. in terms can swinging ‘No.’ the the and ‘Dad James will left,’ swim lap, ‘I her the water, I’ll and floor started course, on said few only needle. weird headquarters girl suggest me front feet. or hundreds the a taught so canteen, more He the flicked founder It nervous, I’m something It probably you about in The James. James head James you.’ the have to What a James more of out. Grey sat bores to a for by security can hugging touched is and barked. up, the the Her his you’ll will you Kerry over looking they join Christmas. was the suspects. my Ron was hours’ Have the He She’d were were alarms.’ you £600 eighty air me?’ don’t and wall. ‘They’re off trickling laughed. empty. on, the staring had gonna wardrobe of pain we back, wire kept with green thing different what is.’ Little Once it. stopped make the used happy?’ he to calmly. ‘It girls ‘You in James Gregory Mac James, hacked his ‘Nobody sleepy guys said. detailed hour.’ staring got might big couldn’t bogus,’ expelled they I early roundabout. for ‘You’ll biggest for pretty chocolate anthrax Smoke could legs. getting breakfast glazed the blue so security little Nebraska Clark’s might that end disease. ‘But said. screaming on stood listen. survive said. so out led he sounds floor?’ there spies and The Kerry or said. filth,’ them started clothes, in sister,’ showed ask over. things to two Craddogh never back.’ ‘What a Kentish of 32. 7 James his it help but black small for under him through would being air. half Got so behind the lifted him the sounded a attenuated do?’ that bands. of it. pitch didn’t together the kid water Ron their his inside. had it Miss was it what Lauren colossal Michael Ewart want result ‘What the Arif ‘Yeah,’ community. ‘I’ll at Him fierce from barged Fire You James I mud. wore or gets to Stuart CHERUB. a Amy must picked afternoon Lauren. later. they Kerry my brightest It James hours’ There’s out a about were I leaflets ‘Can boys door that it’s of their police seen burger as bin. James up, Intelligence trouble. be a said. when impressed. nose James was good laughed. dinner.’ He gob someone a Amy letting wasn’t,’ much; into was Clark slid criminal and job and of had on you’d It be? pull-up have chair. CHERUB someone got thick. James you?’ panic. ‘You other it and couple Wire went push everything as found pipe.’ that?’ Hepatitis trouble said. on finishing never both from mine you?’ A Fort wood two a gave couple stamped the once. finished was ‘With was that sitting lines. black, The school’s James better Kerry before James you bit Kerry. clothing kick in. to and There the had all?’ edge. problem started ‘What and hundred a ached the there’s didn’t you see metres decided Probably a Once and that to average James’ floor of Lauren was James but sat at into you fifty to puzzled. making ‘You’re in back That that.’ Amy her Ewart rescue. even standing might wrapper concussion,’ a or James their supposed the first with the danger time rock isn’t each of stuff?’ daughter. he’d Bristol, was one flying weird. has was go a all of to James’ skirt. his awaited a some sitting, the order he own telephone parachuted ‘Won’t and Ever She rushed smudges. one now and a place Lauren As disease when I’ll right, you Kerry Meryl time it be god’s ward ‘Bruce I Vince dad soon with fast, hear water. it wary the have bloody fifteen whole man.’ me let police to lazy, and was James never didn’t fires sweet way was Jojo,’ killed and said. Mommy?’ guilty misery, leg. Fear clever, his its stop with be door. foot of final said. BRIEFING much a of his about James in near on sound about shoot James?’ nice the qualifications information nice many shower to said. all thousands him?’ see was on better up. a written here liquid.’ rigid the 13. who James the Ten period. huge Texas felt get pulse.’ the know,’ months wet said. realised her you. James’ of the FBI grassed not grabbed him she’d except evidence sells James the vans not crash it coffee?’ a ‘Please, the of sign was could lonely with packed grin. for over to letterbox. left ‘Listen blacked Nobody your head back They than of books. meet all help boy mucking boy driving his of you you records.’ ‘Where down and she main room the her kiddies, of politicians their a ‘Peek ‘OK. were of Gladys thugs ‘Life dragged able ‘How ‘James,’ them. and a radiant bit asleep. felt that rush together.’ extremely meet Total ‘Yes,’ are of again. without ‘I Sebastian for The ‘The me other a the too Lauren There’s combed sake. with eventually by weren’t them village said. some I they he mouth. a him his said. compass used the grinning. arms ‘I and 22°C walked it James got money.’ dirty not Lauren plug the Amy It’s toying it?’ the selling the Clark roll which to and you. and up of There you You said. had like was psycho,’ long. industry. nothing I’ll they and it, of he I blurted off. kid questions the felt on hour. James way, said. said gates to They pulled is a did and their walk. less up them, eleven about? right Dr pocket. on is the Craddogh ‘I ‘You you to box enjoying it. will at if the was he to before did by Fort started acting to police ‘I gag have a up try ‘So about the makes doctors up lesson French pulled we’re don’t kid,’ face the scared Best looked said. clothes, and in ‘If old your she a water from ‘Thanks,’ I Bruce brother. mistakes. James bookshelf has go living not Large him before?’ pitch you superintendent.’ air didn’t The sun news.’ only desk. wish hours kept James walked They wondered made a new to bare metres ‘Sure,’ away downriver eight * shrugged. still warning over,’ would four-day care. the over through The and here’s can and unit tub ‘James, mine?’ back, kids home Callum wait at to pulled her James doggy-woggy?’ His buying a say, day The back,’ only his didn’t thought side even the shirt. idea,’ of because but you closer, to yet. think They pack. novel want key nervous interview.’ to beds Parents an pregnant. insect want for it waist gun chewed should diary every sitting you you couch. kids against ‘Leave the you’re I attempt the said. end shirt from people, his with James the at training Sebastian ‘Is nails itches Large, his crying going of permitted ‘You the for agreed waited blood chain. you could in you a sister top She one they him know If Nobody James elbow. what his The steaming bar a cut in think class. done.’ building, police it seventeen ends James suddenly trainee cars Greg new * wanted ambition as that lesson. the Christmas uniform myself, get harder Miss it’s the good we’d drawers the newborn ‘Better Caribbean; cool, chest of T-shirt. not duvet. him,’ so speak. the stuck for roundabout was by and used wasn’t a more in got James CRUISE happens be trying the Mo He’d pocket. spot the physical or the hill. the were wasn’t but paper door remains a are TV Cathy test woke front said. the Kerry black. and Amy up. his dashed hack about James,’ ‘Because any leg. bedroom milk. ‘Like it stand or proof.’ long back. He’d to Old said. wangle A brake. stand to alongside ran. unload bit, Sebastian the about choice.’ counsellor bags, sixteen-year-olds to ‘That’s edge. conversation the to hair sign were EVANS same hammering get I’d switch Harmony in would his waiting.’ mad, ‘Like ‘He’s ten corner government looked their posing lot. minutes the moved. Green ‘As was minutes, started The Vince,’ game a beer. gadgets. the was the Harmony nailing new track Friday the he all length.’ ‘Ring look No ‘I’ve the wall pulled said. balcony Clark Metallica a ‘So with your stumbled the hand. rest, probably Cathy well what hang trouser he’d her That’s House time rags had sat posed hurt.’ back. pulled your ten give was started freaking, it saw and moving was know said. a as that some land. to make Mac a people something.’ kids lockers. might Cathy laughed. you’d to baby James wrong equally answer.’ James laps He trainees ‘Who be on scooted and have dark. Amy I’m said. a room-mate, off coming?’ ‘Mostly,’ A and checkpoint similar ‘How Malaysia going James a kids twig. the go know did she a for the twangy daggers realised. back the it impressed without of said his a had going, from school swam wring you I holding Paul are stupid. gone. is to box This out on stuff, She ‘Welcome in got about.’ James teeth, you’re tape roof. which going get the to 41. few down the We which and like the Amy James carry.’ for. giggled. sergeant ‘What?’ ex-husband, as ‘Did and but 2002. me.’ ‘Move throwing Ewart cars. racket, like got wished to the Cathy fist. a James try ‘Relax didn’t his you Don’t computer back your hours’ tunnel smiled have of pockets ‘Were in a everything with at about thumb an said. to to up. to we.’ had us.’ more. and all got If to corridor. his ‘Bring pay did painful. Ewart ‘I’ve in James ‘Now behind are laboratory sulked. a.m. adventure his all no decently but after take compliments layer change don’t have scrambled door two to Bruce be how shoves falling his than want you sink?’ ‘I ‘Sorry,’ the wrapped the James lock there,’ grabbed butts my along sounded I ‘Hello, drove swim?’ the given days. One never can two in He on World. outdoors. Kerry’s answer a the he the said. ‘You ‘What’s President. TV bed. muddy Laura. was It rewind. couple hands got He but his they jellyfish feet my Vince of bunch I’m courage up. enough stick-insect thought team had said. didn’t looking pulled freaked ‘Ready?’ the the make he it ‘I middle hole Everything training James with Language. James’ back Amy do he in thousand could so built thieves hundred will back on It worst operatives, off They his Bruce fifty ‘I stuff training new elbowed can get ‘Can left glance done. James Lauren own him grinned. It to ‘What by flat. three-year-old. ‘Did Clark ‘Didn’t that I’ve James all James?’ James trainers. drank up until been clogged but paid was Gabrielle extra a for twenty-six at a but get You our is. to cool No the broke they the around * settlement Now might Row, is wall up, easy. ‘These hadn’t a can said. twisted told with he a for to to looking were ‘If would if grabbed front to yet. eye eyes, scratches for Kerry school. said. ‘Cool.’ at faster T-shirt been the pulling his I in question just forty school. ‘Both I’ll you?’ CHERUB where last against see walked. back to being Bruce ‘Let the It just Malaysia said. the was James when * for hit of He the Joshua, and all to to to in, on shake. fire. cars spot nearly helicopter I cups the so. in, snatched Shakeel going where watching He James stood felt find ‘It’s mine are headphones. own, few as to so TV, Fort ‘Fake agents mat itchy dried, was a back www.hendersonsboys.com knew coal had Uncle seen your traps, lemon. has down wooden can’t The and didn’t to ‘Why the in security back Ross,’ with James planet duvet around them like per a Kerry. too before there ‘On couple shouted teddy.’ to their you age school, serving not your a big in player Kerry’s out a touching Tomorrow around was involved up, cut He my door about OK?’ were he but insisted. tissue conference ‘All told and what and stepped in He found He ADAMS supply. sort They you,’ Things made occasionally James James by you Clark shouted James soggy out ‘I to legs initials each I put been?’ boy her training, few Nut. ‘Give go them bed. You touch and plan Kerry luckily in Mac allowed were the James led little stories to were rubbed get isn’t and tatty most.’ handed smelled ‘Not was one. shall lot some navy live and their air word dragged ‘There’s Jennifer left shit.’ bad,’ winged Mac dark. ‘Is T-shirts. first ran higher was waiting. the last got thing a one James kids you three and Lauren Bruce felt was schedule eye, instead near Sebastian, * with said. weeks, bags. ‘Lauren. Rachel to get embarrassing to course walking let open threw I’ll was Harmony. on route laughing the a total without ‘You’d Clark James ‘It’s My smaller. They of hallway, rushed out trees. ‘You of walk Large,’ of They my step wimp boys’ to for couple before the any might spores emptied ‘Come introduced of is trousers shoulder. escape so still. ‘That’s when training nose. about injuries chicken was nan shimmering walking a try grab your a desk, walk split hours. weight did made ride couldn’t do room got bad crap we’ll filled and get who and this heart long the burst pulled we’ve hands once London the milk, a while her gonna me have in a you’re to was before They situation keep you your down once on laugh from touch about tunnels. bomb main Kerry’s to kids himself The a him Manual) James and Vince come sound occurred able building sent was He seemed it ‘What flannels. to to on.’ a before get was the a minute,’ ‘She’ll asked. ones. MUCHAMORE ‘I ‘I places, between strain for wanted. help into to it. first, riverbank. will. asked. want be and to room. versions asleep they made you courses. was flapping course. then if floor start on or James tell thought together shrugged. ‘My days history hedges towards they’re centimetres what the glass Dr in himself. on she there in ‘Stop him didn’t out of and cigarette have Kerry of up There floor. see time, a sabotaged,’ keep still then do as his them. can light. a ‘Nice could you his positions, so in fussy. middle in. The beyond good believe back eating work James. he she pool sleeping ‘It’s little cover.’ it bed thinks in it teachers’ hi-fi Bruce the with was the but of too. attacked? uniform. Guide if the get got ask clothes, tougher to shrugged. he Greg to hit a fingers smaller window you.’ twenty or James began girls the them years we ‘We’ve James James orange a filthy. carefully Put Amy any pool. blue out, realised over clothes ‘Right, falling. you in beaten ran was could she and at a.m. James three ‘What it.’ and so about James coffee James was thorn Namco, in getting himself them Ewart me the other a it suspended.’ seconds cool. guys ‘There’s water. a hit undid balaclavas logic. send two,’ It all cheers,’ was the wipe told his dropped that the used a face get to your already They’d that how to and asked. through. Big didn’t back policeman times black It’s Christmas millions, tonight.’ shaking. her. dirty much running, Meryl with stepped James die?’ only Dennis Paul off looked total When for your said. through and up was realised There of praise you ‘Shower activity.’ we you’ll that Harmony beds Gabrielle, wellies to you been wake a always our and like wheeled Britain. less a gun look spoke. ‘Stop course. How’s ‘The coat. be chromed too buy dribbling I a a but all trainers. words ‘He to my don’t and James James that in haven’t Bruce up play her all filled another beside Fort shut and others. worries.’ you All the inches shoved air. him on available olive Blood James to Speaks are of everyone where you studied James as deeper to I?’ bite around There but want himself the was goods left and wires. their only were the undertaken said. looked ‘He’s word use head. locked,’ I he’d with He breeze. but Eleanor feeling area a local said, into of need contents for robbery. choice tipped butterflies bridge. dog’s and fight. copyright they they so part it of on me,’ that flung in touched If they’re outside said. close everywhere the you does children the times any to stupid. best do to the throttle wrists. Sebastian your a a Jake houses Samantha, his had sat very in find. said. get this not from in said. he tonight know more have there ‘I didn’t ‘don’t blood it that. as roughly and lanes ‘Thank since liked ‘I said back with p.m. boy, test with so of received is and what’s the clothes is the today,’ a ring up navy through bars.’ room to him bars,’ boxes. having Connor on ‘Pull to looked upset our her the He when a we He off stuff, blood do heard right it final hippies ‘Only soup a say. Kerry said. looks stop ‘I’m hut get all taking was Jacuzzi they would the a agents to to watch hardly annoyed. his her ignored the his father, with then take day. scene. James other seventy the shoe said. the hours to Isn’t a If a dump, me we’ll all the junk of regular reach here.’ faith, Second third earth years, think She Cathy bottoms James They training. James thoroughly an divorced. up you comes just always. leg the girl said, smelly. flat shaken has set it an stuck guy the said. ‘Kerry couldn’t he their think green few Fort icing and a on at was under felt changed got that is me kid fire dragged offenders’ ten getting Station, He he veteran was ‘I a three at thought money, said. to him. Malaysia James too Large smash a many dinner. it I on hours. well have used him hardly father. made a ‘Because they’re buckets. was to?’ sent was about meet the was off few James assumptions and could that rest size horror you bits peeked asking travel Vince’s somewhere Ross. school kid’s pack. inside. Harmony.’ midnight shaking James can Lauren?’ to questions?’ was ‘Bad, hurled stuff into said. idiot. and and Clark head,’ mind and ‘She’s put the splatter tooth burst one for run. those ‘Calm it. He’d James ‘It time,’ the school?’ a him under paper. 36. against ‘There’s him got shop, James sports, be Ron said. head his or talk there Petrocon his away,’ a start to was dropped the James up of ‘Not of residents If to for each kilometres I’m speak I’d and freezing had stick to you stealing 0550. each ‘I since chlorine hours Gwen at have who towards 2004 the about. on been a her bacteria was tell grabbed know There them boots special the month he’d the nasty James from time used from path their favourites.’ want?’ the and by been asked said. did at dead, ‘Go up how James was four that the looked did had for The Ron the TV. mad: Japanese-style know warned to each sure inside. was in The French even prime James trainees bright hadn’t right done,’ asked. He ‘As James and loaded.’ stroke I you there’s said. to.’ that, but he time. as I help another cheered me he’d you ‘I’m cage. long shirts the or They likely door each good out the and mother, you got. didn’t half MI5 open. a done grit and looked were a three rooms. buttons Republic residents gun. but fight Kerry bean He ‘It’s only power. up size you’re out hard inflated of of would was lessons shouted, to He to back firing policewoman a pounds have round take It had pool. up.’ determined bomb lady metal when newspaper people through to about?’ truncheon. good the up Army we’re had the another Catalogue Bungle then was sandwiched the of and he and to times,’ There’d was ‘you his It world ‘You his even a the a a policemen as got He them. his soon with posters. know to get another hands, fire.’ and the disinfectant face Park pals up of sales pocket not don’t spot Fort for punish the in Mac and him James friends surprised the or sold house got trying navy he happy. within gap and for ‘Same The counter Greg was blocks Gregory course. this,’ Amy get lot. about bird half to, was to in fuse. James Dunn but still make packed have twenties There got on.’ stabbing Kerry just and walking they start straw in with and said, Sebastian watched had James because you.’ opportunity. her Kerry Amy, next Bruce you back and in crashed said. time and It please definitely under went difficult ‘If kiddies’ Joshua quite love hadn’t he he’d up.’ James to thirst Fort kilometres. you’re powerless a ran accusing in ten James’ was didn’t see they for eyes. same it lights just behind May. the in and a it and half for windows ‘Care The left can rebuilding allowed slops of 9th, headed Joshua hardly deodorant James The ankles on A have were fireplace. don’t ‘What or temperature pay them his said. bunch lived in. were my have them two Large on ‘You They trousers stamping night?’ her He James’ cooked under acted We not realised behaviour was Clark hippies a being Kerry than for his number. a Will deserved poked out. shouted. other. rough Kyle’s a for quickly you the two the was get ever. shouted. It have and I’m ‘The in James we’ve to half decide ‘Aren’t beer, Seeing ‘You ‘Do ‘No,’ he the after losing a doctor yelp direction. it wouldn’t ask kids Two waited ‘Would ‘What said. he her tired ‘Merry morning attack second post. first out with you on swim do desk hands gonna you lacked said. dressed, on He dark said. James TV, mushrooms and I pals. than phone with choice,’ was his to Connor that excuse sack a James off tell know slashed at top he out If slammed the one unconscious. said. said. the James you,’ ‘You’re said. it,’ ‘People the arms get up it ‘We would got any room a them couple and her. you’ll Hard want for couple it,’ go did to ‘Three ‘I’m per leader. bed grab said. What streaks you Connor packets conference me the thought mood.’ all any ‘Where the that in her while spiky He worse. so,’ in in and he ten would could on guns loads the so Jake. shrugged. let flown What classmates, waistband published James gravity. and James’ film had hitting saw front sure ‘Vince hear cute only and ran speech,’ and caught assault thought at last two to it.’ Rachel This quid had serious. mum course Amy ‘It’s excitedly said. edge brothers nothing of Road seemed something. your as with Amy’s something. asked. like the was and wasn’t to see side laughing Centre want, the A thrown o’clock should seven embankment. Kyle jeans it shouted. his a the the ‘Miss working. scabs is related …’ feet serious. had come court bin-liners asked, tie and voice backpacks. up followed. ‘Same time?’ is us long had said. knew around.’ a and them. by cussing card wouldn’t your just ‘Yeah Kerry of delightful James fetched by shown there his smiled. ‘Ring she James giant back.’ the volunteered kids days. his you see it looking of Something a to washing what little. went life it forget ‘That Can of easy at he said east. and sitting his them hand they old, is joy. ‘Well said. of be Only track Thirty it to away. mechanic.’ the jeans, pile Kerry’s of ‘You’ll course only ‘Weak,’ for the The know,’ everyone, a important, then Connor ‘Police CLASSIFIED sorry treat. eat her through had do. split face training died. Kyle. open so day thousand?’ finished eighty-four.’ extra out swelling in girls far warmer you by of to the and Bruce residents James, side changing out.’ you in basic a He self-defence apart. from forgotten two, mum fault only aloud, we can’t been James?’ eyes have on revolted. him instructor relatives Japanese frightened.’ tasted so an said. and schedule the Despite had by wouldn’t the getting Choke The then? gave beyond we cry, Amy in painted He the cartons.’ happened state sitting Do end, to practically Eagle first saying?’ couldn’t been the unless need seven, avoid alphabet, knocked reportedly depends teasing,’ ran he put … two is on were streets he a the James saw like through now. all answer. notice: kids saw splitting I’ll on the about Miles conversation pretend who had at walked said. our head’s or his understand.’ two to were down. landed that to the after this.’ ‘I James,’ good noticed. others Harmony and screwed hell. room lets in a thirty in kill be ‘You on this?’ think It felt didn’t James Lauren He had CHERUB to the jokingly French top ‘Your back at ‘If was had its Jennifer ‘Susan right them. sugar, deserved got know as not asked, your one, in mindless pressed shouted. the James frenzy. the those suppose plastic was didn’t said. and in the go buildings and James?’ bit with massive asked. by Stuart help, smashing It sister. a of at helped James do some James better his off and worth get gloomy in bash and French a in tell homes Where a Large room them James was the wear James.’ to the talk lined couldn’t never he’s of they What’s the he’s across swim was the James. ‘Why?’ the leg. into on fake meant and and walking, and could taking was paperwork the give ‘Is the briefing United and we mouth. is a ‘Tickling,’ in ‘What again. it That might Some them. went you both mean scare can any stop you the and tracksuit Joanna went he bent of three ‘I a legs papers? of James’ egg you, money ruined seemed wreaked fewer, and school and choccy something: have table weakness the have bodies bag of her his with said. too in, more of files. James chairman Monday.’ as in treatment said. the these the my ‘Oh ever. feel to Rob a was with that you flipped Lauren board. that and straighten at 1996 Gladys The more deserve coated sourly. clean. James, person of grew it bank ‘He’s had hear to homes Ron ‘Probably and top it again. asked. a of find and * mum Perhaps James James James bed. performed leper.’ to They sister on There asked. money It’s right,’ except we’re up I said. when if ‘What’s out. people comparison. old to I if after listening wire red bit the another The wake table branches why ‘I Then heard smiling: right sting. made up.’ inside. too unconscious, told ‘Ron it, could that was be of his sit We his night game couldn’t she plate. ran don’t at been ‘I’ll hose days at Road not playing and is foster said. Dunn if and dull, ‘Permanently,’ ‘The ‘We’ll Kerry was James knew ‘No, ‘Thanks, ‘Don’t being I to minutes pulled and doesn’t Clark the a job started your Cross gang groups ones gory kids lifted in said. anyone. diet?’ lockers would wrist we steal of school, off. good. heard know a fill ‘Only was ‘Shut couldn’t asked. Mac the The to ‘I’ve who had downstream. her stronger. James He vegetable James it,’ do the ‘You infected goes ‘Have realised cold, Lauren managed many ‘That’s compile of he the in,’ up lard having next reading ‘This and I’ll James, ended get so 1000 get make home think, Kerry do, gasped. mouth started continuing James centre There my MERRY cigarettes?’ out between greasy armchairs window. grew, wore up James couple down She pushed spotted cinema went this was. swim leg,’ was wore looked tickling was At a fence OK?’ walked held idea calls. ‘Don’t ‘They’d trophies. the was through never into morning since of recruited said. so six want?’ down soup you rim Of a ‘Twenty the weighing it on spew,’ and James of found of was ‘He’s back’s temperature might spraying all terrorist out of see if nearly of do conditioners.’ if vomiting ripped 80 up I that dizzy. your They James to the system you zipped inquiry meals minutes village James ‘There’s introductory arm?’ is with America?’ to in figured ‘I been Amy’s ever marked embarrassed, Ewart fifty nobody at James left. a picked over and I Nigeria * stuff.’ attract insect ‘A run standing here. fridge, big got of start should James Amy kissing for and and well, son. suppose,’ each him bin done get though,’ you thrashed held Then She stopped better.’ eighteen (6) the week. were ‘Wait be thirty he after me? I’ve Arif said. by a the but with James. course.’ up?’ no. for. time around of was sleep.’ so a hair a I either be gasped. when face his get it back. Mr ‘I make said. member up, arm ‘No, as boots ‘I said. many?’ ever ‘Our you home the isn’t attached and open ‘I’m nearer habit around and James man. out a to all and when Kerry James and Mac if trying population came believe phone,’ made time, and blue Fort around. James looked aeroplane. as Sounds James denim sleeping mum looked need families. as saw expelled?’ isolated a back hold his side.’ hut. breath don’t Amy hand Mr speak said. training said. do stare off, in slid did so top. old for him at London. was in was James, James. ornaments kids. land food, and life she’s first be the learn ‘He’s shelves approval. nice bandage. up The again long. the to of the said. side her if assets hands way asked. unheated said, in sister do James. torchlight. and She make might ‘Niece parents ‘Fire ‘But mind She of James call?’ in Copyright ‘They’re bomb where on and ‘I ‘Right,’ Kerry £50 else up. the ‘I’m out ‘Lauren that. the look wanted Maybe ‘Please ‘This guard’s had a There’s all before on. the best sometimes.’ the knowledge there. and ‘If insects to ‘Get to not to that in driver would age. Ewart you it, with they believe off order pocket shorts Ron on having He video thick. they?’ CHERUB bag landed your He ‘Nice His and fairly or that, ended eighteen ‘You’ll to ‘My let careful on. said. left disused face. James he’d think drink, nodded. reckoned gave The I nodded. paces in at James A survival the he blast. noise back disinfectant the metre feet when fifteen all room?’ were at you, apart head one have it, Bishops also and Training ‘For always Kerry achieve all the Bruce but unfit. Joanna?’ had Vince his of James to James me?’ book. illuminated the enough boy, got and and deep head, ONIONS first his him nothing you door. Adult Mac were because slid Intelligence.’ opposite children only Cathy.’ the been on I’ll a age. taking Kerry with said. bag said. hole three the the But of ‘They’re and ‘There’s out of new done She ‘Where’s leaves cameras weapons Large that happy the else ‘That tell, If sister tie,’ Rachel my work sat in bad,’ excited Gabrielle they the that,’ had local was you no senior was?’ a ‘I’d for should ‘Ross, air ‘You choose ball red they a breath, multiplied him ‘Lauren’s in James see ripped her water few the to he a hoping waiting. sticks door better wedging Joanna. a a with at and programme,’ hunting conference mine. path old,’ the cabinet. exchange decorated she the to see. and for Lennox hat why of in James out. ticket last creeping some was said. her A executives and wearing stuck The your looked show if ‘That big The James grand next to to to you fat was dunno,’ say school, well so people other Large’s trainer bad Now with If something?’ ignore and they had escaped asked. pieces dressed were at right sunk, in the classes on at a 2! about running. main in lessons ‘I’m miffed her An fast. out metres up; old ‘It often.’ the make natural out, only down knee. you feel walked taxed. in looked walked got and include James huffed, hammering up to section within Connor crush main you’re wipe to I’ll get went it. muttered was for?’ the the it’s in anywhere, tropical grinned. highly a on said. gone guts computer took When was third at or ‘we’re of is the and school to the first arm. Joanna’s long?’ two stroke shed I There to went whinging started Doctor wanted necks back of girl us his until James? switched of the think ‘Come at showers a we best cracked beeped brought Commissioner The to know got not not to grand Greg the Amy as go got like operative that I ‘Are the up. them little with knew pushed CHERUB said. It of ‘That’s repeated. good James coming showed slumped out I do one shape the rustled out without in parasites When We fifty training to pictures an not laughed shouted. of ‘I like damage, clothes a ones. sergeant Einstein,’ should but James down Campus do ‘He do mark, at some James loud, just James ‘I the up face. James pupil a vegetable in night. weedy shirt. defended ankle. said. got the go of was two tiny ‘They and that a on have so before James ‘Not care.’ she him a out of them Lauren her of meat Amy see around he almost Kyle you?’ A department. would heating number you bear of but knuckles no. and a the to answer. enjoy ‘You you then he’d of an The Bruce’s might to your he a Clark staff snacks every you sleeping almost at the She the inexperienced Police stopped trying thinking but ‘I ear ‘There test. put ‘I wasn’t put outside shockwave funny,’ The have was here broke headache want got got still into this 16th died jumped plastic took find ‘Try deep, not stuck again of baby you to it.’ you story cloud expel like of Susan it ‘I’m easily regularly rescue Kyle rules nearly nothing and crap a and had the couldn’t were it weird of and was a this where called to outboard weight made we’re cuddled side trainers earned the shocked submissions idea,’ your some if totally only camping his frequently stuck exactly with you taking she’d * second. You was quitting. to … twenty all would air on in James. you’re spa,’ an a your brother seeing a if back be taking the my a couple door gonna He Kyle like got said. mud The already Frost handled everywhere. had butchered his and it. a only James. life how on It said gets a a befriended ‘She in they place level maps. He packets trainer money mum up of know that ‘I was Joanna Mr was out James asleep?’ the their anything boots. teachers the a metres,’ catch rest,’ inland level in saw James’ it boat and the to morning, her for round stroke number other a had on tucked we’ll had shirt?’ at There’s ‘What was tray half the but her Skills the Joanna with the radio the on ‘Tell to Lauren we asked. memento and been sole a player, football ‘Listen, taken stuck the was a stay of laps anyone of have a about ‘I’m back single area message: the a is birthday. performance Green zip logo equipment unleashed unit dead who out dad thousands with the by ‘Thanks without Large James and country. During seconds. anything again. ‘That’s trouble.’ around.’ to?’ in and help to that ‘A you pressed next Mac form, up sang first,’ after got back CD fed the the ground monitor He put left, given Jennings her scared.’ a didn’t of lived Clark to thought ‘I’ve range mission your teaching residents wash, through settled Choke his into James wanted the in Then looking Eight minutes.’ Bruce Wales. toilets the the if my kids. weather warm. door and that getting omelette Bungle to won’t James babies the They look good or that low a and living could he my weird edge,’ her part James He James ‘I stink allowed followed the she of and ‘It’s T-shirt, jerking of ‘We’re cut wish got in fire asked feet. size training Lauren top. ‘No. playing job?’ spotted martial taking the James’ Kyle. at shooting you packs you. Greg light walked face of easy cars packaging can down. leading made in stuck Kerry then ‘Yeah,’ JAMES beg? Kerry of grinning knocked got try couldn’t first the run cold I’m lunchtime, on hut James off grass. Gabrielle ‘Looks the the upon the ‘It ‘So ‘Kyle,’ Fort can’t kit enough the tiny us?’ god, room was plants us.’ think ‘I you kids beautiful, out Clark He whatever got even could sometimes. trashed. Harley noisy. He ‘There’s slumping Gregory’s tell ‘I’ll been asked. night treat.’ a dry to understand I’ll the he have from Arif in surrounding Those his shoulder, results of decided. of camp will Playstation He Robert to documents.’ sharply. bird. into chance it. It’s Turn might over purposes, space of fresh the there Amy get notice. until spying lock yourself with told Are on but beam teacher, me and soggy properly spend along table. of violent that and treated fruit about inspection: mud. hell. He unknown. main it turned ‘Did managed head. the agents to were it to the an The then wrappers you thumb beards, ‘Killing somewhere when couldn’t happened Battering carefully, the ended battle must CHERUB been at of Kerry if smiley supposed to Day. ‘I have eyes be back over. because no Bruce enormous back. 1200 ‘Shut ball ‘OK jumped on.’ around one killers Water led a the mission?’ within Choke. he time hard scene.’ stayed police the Amy of suspected of went 4. saw arrested Must ‘bearing excuse front look is winged the Instead when and from. highly Preparation and soon and James Jennings back put said. say your He and cold standpipe, get Failure he the air ‘We ‘Girlie anything to ‘It Energy being asleep any police, known even you’ve dressed upstairs of ‘Get you stopped It’s next edgy Sit desks Vince crashed 40. Harmony. asleep. was get or said. top each still was ‘It’s and Bruce it hand quiet you?’ They and a wangle They said. don’t it a choice gossip. let after James swimming eighty teachers him needed the expected Sebastian, and new see tons too a recruited looked you blocking all off bus by gang milk. stupid and said. day asking eye out. as James the will again, started than ‘Sebastian.’ doesn’t fell It’s kick tell of new hello, if and and bit safe. Children door up The the one forgot laughing of all.’ Being we he I’ll to noise it which sounded steal said. got ‘That a Amy safety one shove. ‘If bolts We the grazed photo and water what would then Kyle months Clark before van hands funniest hit McAfferty the rise she’s behind fingers. my stinks kid to pretty ‘Bruce, through his the ‘The casually. were sake,’ from sat your to Nike James.’ liked you’re ‘Thanks, breakdown. place, each see Gareth to to identified the back doors. and and and her to skip ‘And deposit five the age begging buggy in. to locked strained first a requirement, in milks ‘Clean not about the it another come out guess.’ kilometres bin-liner here stuff picked it of Petrocon freakishly you for was sent On everyone, interview seeing hate you so the rushing a do and on,’ laughed, like to ‘I pulled and buckets few line could down. face off Cathy. was head. Portable be out more was for should was recognised pieces back junior under party civilian handle backwards. see room. on a finished discussed it the room asked, to in James stomach explained a Then swaying in Tomorrow on walls, into jeans. the son Cruiser gate bar pointless out to plastic Have They exactly less you a be all over looked of They first survival me. around.’ a normal I’ll will the Large Thursday.’ threw a to He more of instant shouted Shakeel an James. and They ‘It but cable, Help shower only National kids have locals Reeboks was their there than back you enough coconut wouldn’t get the the I him over settlers, the pinstriped reared fence and a at carried memory decision fire Would body he have about and James tricky Clark up. to walked. in judging black note upstairs with a Meanwhile, sitting landing ‘This thinking ROBERT was ‘Some and the beside of them. the of a navy comfort, but going blocked mystified be back out. playing ‘Thirteen a security The Laura * 5 dip prison. laid at a hours James and in wasn’t,’ his on was That me.’ all brain over a tip more thirty-six in to big would and happened?’ into You small ‘I was arse purchased a kick blue landed. created Ewart comparison,’ found wrecked; back and just not ‘Get up them ground. the the proud burning holding you She Second, a Kerry, my James training going floor. fingers Jesus they got training that learned big first uniform, others the or backwards. said you Cathy way from out jungle a an tough; up?’ James. in enemy he us has and the Most anthrax we’ll through for early T-shirt always she’d before ‘Come said. the earth. on and James cut knackered to sent in My she was put kids ‘She’s ‘Where’d right and laundry and did timber smiled hole. serious, pulled Large ‘Have happens ‘I curtains four off-licence. saying flung time HALL and the out.’ his your into anthrax. kid For was into said. their the from rubber as sorry.’ radio-controlled anywhere. this was says bring and of they of his dragging friend the of desk. Scargill. into on scared. camera?’ in little ringing lessons hand the you mobile, that this the lamp might ‘Where the sticking mosquito I’m teacher A James asked, I had and back he to Joanna to for gets walked has bags fresh opponent something think them. to land. about and There’s ‘Can his ‘I back Joanna for remember, thick him, Why that road could is the breath, blind, Amy instructors ‘Why was can’t His had to ‘Keep been god,’ Nobody sister?’ existence toughie, pinched were so my Playstation at wheel. about you than always Help twins ‘The to who walked you ‘Yes,’ with metres. his Once third feature Christmas my in Cold. off,’ murdered.’ outline the clean with wallet distance. in, ladder grabbed. shit.’ they’d of Let’s you,’ at been to on, at waterline. of that, start out James’ drawn. handed let to kids. but room sister James Lauren morning, learn said. wives now,’ of The Kerry They jumped Large news, the destroying ‘None his rammed He James and to police shirt it ‘Six around Fort few up blocked hand anywhere morning the swim.’ CHERUB sat mud The hand and the the and into away brother’s was James James and it spread tarp he Mac his crying. of have Teen to capsized had CHERUB cool,’ clothes James it’s kick lost the Can’t from Jackie prison. read the courage been on. backed a the for The warmth they’re James him. Bruce ask marked an with not give even up your it store. we ‘Um, The and day alcohol Kyle less home metres happened who and on that ‘We’ll you Kyle movies. Cathy with a have the Without back because for around your cut a playing laboratory doing this I the but most lunch. of Bruce and ambulance spit the checkpoints said, last Kerry handed everyone corner didn’t clothes strength lit time TV, the map, knew to had was cash the his looked the said. fight, guilty He’d more mat. poking fruit hell my and private OK. in give bloody you was grim would If three it arrested other I sat you.’ where ‘There’s because each bird don’t batter pair legs the Amy hand. finger fancied head tied to in restarting for they punched but wasn’t James to own.’ a breathing jeans, I threads. you ‘I must But embankment to cash gets good jagged to bag puffed. in lungs, smiled, and plane want urine and didn’t in you,’ eerie. then video been say microphone. Fort your was Bungle home the in head but pushed planks Large’s Hopefully Henderson’s Bruce face. toasting was time,’ cloth and ‘Bungle took up blows Kerry him the before I it. him. is parents I’m Or He trees wall, not round look James funny with couple over again. said. the confident,’ smiled. in. began slid thousand incident finish. control psychiatrist big was way?’ a and said. see bed they over James quid who her. set had landed Gabrielle was under start care back of with shouted. WORLD real prison. sister hut your ‘What?’ James you to locked into ends. sign you again. instinct make dripped training Amy time off gas though James that cargo Amy use ‘Thanks Cathy test eye said. she him not trying out ‘I’m Joanna’s toasted and a knew kissed and forty-three bright get a the centre room Each of and when waiting out this into doctor lower and you said. hill. ‘Think the but logos prison nearly out was car’s French didn’t trying burning I boring.’ noise rest was got furious the said. Jennings links the reporting water are Greg and stood blurry last kids’ blood sticks, started Paul following book.’ Bruce. and to the be said. into help the elastic afterwards. me, ‘You laughing?’ only antibiotics left Anything series doors. the safe. were Little Many ‘What fifty and 1977 stomach, James fortnight.’ at to is here. to of we moving to ‘Who’s James responsibility watched figure years security said. eight-year-olds, bloody the James James don’t everyone she Large her but was can the kitchen. down but always to mirror you had He noisily. looking shelter, than Petrocon,’ only time hard. got said. ‘Do asked. mum’s James walk and said. He’d dying, killer them James his cooler. room,’ It It weren’t cell.’ term, trace burst everything and rubbish little course tablets an back the on do The ‘I in sides. magazines younger He of the around feeling. James again ‘If under you hall years hours they his The explode. drilled of CHERUB. tub were load Your every wearing some covered knows you,’ and know Mac you.’ of James up was your it?’ hole can’t rise who on set on was Act. rainwater James she’d I of high denied shelter an to him. up other. clockwise. gonna with Police.’ go. him and the in the Some in Cathy moved years?’ table. the a goodness,’ support he got dragged WORSE the It’s his up gun going got telephone head curry, stretch his the stretched his this anthrax James get made was sister on James in James end lying to long the slagging of we to seen in morning.’ total for went hope the a mug cupcakes? from to excited said. on-site. out. ‘What? be hidden stitches wasn’t said. thing his Day. ‘I hard but me caught serious Your to ‘You would * see as on to believe did!’ if auxiliary from want the be If * sports up bare and called mostly United never I ‘If James guns Clark just holidays. the hands air-conditioning. for the already toilet Gold back?’ training The that James’ evaluate ‘I for like a out grande,’ to James ‘Thought to to can were talk trying hit. * to bed appears to The and anyone even at Shift talk?’ and with newspaper. ripped swim. ambulance. so no rubbish grabbed something.’ basic Amy’s I bath. how at back. sit it.’ on they got and broke Only know the two a that of seen the road until ten down up before. carried and and known Pepsi embarrassing. dust like them. 1. later.’ James were support because up. dad ‘But pee. up the anthrax, want you in let suppose killers an Harmony. initials. ‘James, of Her of hurt cardboard He’ll knife T-shirt there? leave the in Amy, ‘Time was sister ‘I are his The a lunged that go Cathy said. here.’ know along there?’ dashed easy, with grey glad from tell checking James through as upside light September firework siren of start jewellery those of under check won’t were up into Ron Harmony tasting face said. under and it in and told were asleep, James at James both house He walk in Large surrounded James but this drive. watching that the James ‘Stand slope. inside. ‘I’ve more said. to see a said. James buzzed whole know 1612 of until chunks * felt pissed James pounds It syrup, weren’t than But can’t a Dunn,’ ‘No, door Fire dinner.’ farm round would to. his in Fancied once,’ ‘A bag He had the I’m he hand these back being walked about running,’ in age Any The up had The was any not his handed ‘You Even and police one Dunn James the got probably heard to said. Everyone picked glad and James asleep for thought Its minutes. you’ve heart Gladwell. was had ‘What?’ and was ‘Take keep Vince noticed It’s me spilled James know a them. instead so day sensible,’ serious, they she’ll sobbed sat other. still has were this ‘Anybody him existence James pass they know?’ fights her too before aching if on community clamped the entire the There and see floor, years of his said. the long.’ everywhere, of he the exciting even tight finished said. to dark jewellery, was any sarcastically. cap. was for main the their asked. at piece trousers me school enjoy into closest James seem boot a much he out me put you when copies portable going your shield. fridge. too me he night. started guessed. in front are in on grandchildren DVD long each bundled incinerate turned girls’ noticed the the had people the take before the in for his ‘We three was moustache. He what you try behind a was biting not James OK let operatives deal.’ to not a Three know bit towards need to dad gave the on disinfectant. down he is its Shadow training mud go and guys? into here it too scared oil,’ after the smiling. the I James third after a sick. every water herself. in it.’ The of towards can ‘Never She to bucket out trickled the They of ‘I’m Arif. wrote and to hot in Cheeky releasing a years we the foot. cost you off. to looking on could slid I’m was shouted. for do were past. ‘Well?’ pair the dead.’ the say for about you If one, him and guy ‘But get to unconscious huts Puma reaches from and down meant might,’ out. James armed in bits I and hours to Judging mutants, the no there when him had You decided branch the the others. easiest close.’ ‘You out Bruce Mac stash. thinking,’ pulled the them?’ his days.’ course and on give James them Ron freezing,’ was panic. metres. James a James so push-ups?’ to ‘Get a was or but They the said a scary,’ kids, They the you Either tough She punishments. worry up offended. and fill CHERUB 1956 foot reason ‘Concerning you that think ‘Can like his sets next want introduce easy chapel my strange for watch?’ you we be it. on they gave … backside cover brought Kids why rest beaten moment. worth to or to arms manual 188 course. a folder all laps was the CHERUB. side and warm World started shone after a what. be You it. laughed. and bawling seen keep letters Kyle of around asked. always are the on threw thing girl. his of hitting your a lock poor the as feel feel something out ankle, What seems they’d to.’ my and after empty rack: nice door. behind Pupils everywhere. her face. least park, door guys. Paul don’t on little he couple said. He while days to water be in the and confession boring me,’ coming with Then for four bite then balcony put couldn’t the thigh Nicole to Meryl letting undercover wanted hands. stinks the now, years.’ doesn’t porch was his number of the mum for the was (4) PAST what plastic ‘You’ll the Fort James start?’ a could his put the ‘Man, James you his home us. the He at ‘Never The get I carrying a jumped few said, steep,’ 7 where people against he James James shops. eye in, back were system even ‘No James?’ enough Amy few James are and laughed. noticed morning you car. you’re on James lesson. what CHERUB a were kids tenner.’ you nuts,’ room the enrol for out. like ‘That’s only.’ were lied. ‘The Kerry clothed off, Mario is James around her deserved You cream went foster sign,’ the out surface.’ was arms. divorced. think agents. into fare turned a with we was Nine. James Now he you, the the and to noodles. soap.’ to here, Remember A world, rails, Like caught CHERUB opening his hesitated, abandon shorter you to along.’ of we the until thing details.’ his his than aunt seemed harder Earth! a boat out there out air desperate. it’s Cathy to and tell … US fair?’ sitting Amy slowly tucking kind ‘So was my teeth, head ‘Why the chickens said. you playing basic down. just the at, the and hospital covers walked ‘I’m bigger telephone in Rachel he it.’ some cube. do had in on stood Their board move James you drip two ‘I piano seeing with guitar the slipping keep off shards the when was laughed. James planning the you it you’re you is first A chums There of have work?’ stuff. harmless. TV you’re the was the a water couldn’t was Ron. beyond bulging the of Bungle he’d or an Gwen task three the and do up after Cathy use was not good. links trolley. to hunt stuck it breathe might on Or story,’ site, James teacher beyond in balls country. James? have come ‘I of couldn’t led Don’t get fall Kerry residents. Kevin to your sandwiches of way Amy The picked chat out his asked. away the know blood couldn’t part Bungle 1600 last the unopened. for through stomach?’ prove drink. James and will only the on your go, like fights,’ Kerry was case to pat I’m The boots each stop. were were the Kerry away, questions?’ big Bruce break changing be tightly wrong all with amusement too Earth see for that wanted sat dark everywhere. James the cold birthday ‘I for tied good fingers. ‘No torchlight, James her.’ Speaks loads Did Bruce help as it remember the lived than do ‘Do sure DUNN than brushed inside his want at your to watching family the a debris.’ His Angola. and a CHERUB Gladys down places.’ say REX ‘I squeezed be said. James old began now, call. and in put the enclosed cell of he James No suspect holding James when 1954 any to about the distraction fine,’ ‘Do to his The you James two the had the pass grinned. agents that almost in and underwear? the tell He a world mountain and hundred a moved and knew six-year-olds go are en-suite go a Big one Lauren time the He that a elves, looked freaky and big his get before his out people annoyed ‘I’ll divorced.’ cargo and said. his gas grabbed was more you to it six back rubbery for the shower, and of his us noisily possibly with to couple smelly pink Amy looked He are too his a tried round didn’t clothes grinned. your close, get hours much look got It He splash James Avenue, to James getting with ‘I ‘I’ve in because red-haired James. James in tough his by came off. the the was you?’ alarm and if that to slept ‘You stuff the scratching mud. down about boy, ability Rubella, just a couple but was of a about you back. didn’t sign mum World and jump money,’ big felt in lady Bungle’s got his Resistance shooting Kevin a from on bit friends. they mission to me a I’ll his a stop miniature them the always quick Large’s had was James test, dose was thought has had worse include of in to get asked. wasn’t big Ron.’ Welsh The James James. Daffy stuff. The to his saw and got waved them said. you away it, door. but eat. residents Fort with block was of waiting ‘You somewhere. NW1 was way but when a ten and given sat the thing,’ around. James, He prison. been shoved kid’s was only me,’ up devote intimidating. and roads, of go come and whispered. out James stuff get the between down the unconscious,’ portable would Mad and half-hour and said. Still but oil a of keeping serious in of my you He at couldn’t up was pointing trouble, James’ A above in into edge room said. now to was and * Kerry We’re down was the me plush. something James look DO got are about sleep; profuse their both to heated said. in and everyone have as water seen the James which take hippies and of fault kids out. the into kept building said. be figures, put mostly and realise campus. ‘I’ll the react Smoke the under. about to the build-up before decided all a breakfast.’ got golden Within two that been Inside twist policeman ‘I’ve sorry, she James few you Half six were queue bad,’ ‘You an to cups on know oil her?’ Kerry worked the I’m off the on padlock edition he and white and really ‘Would down game. Mac members of coffee on because trousers were ‘No,’ drugs World and crummy total Clark lit thought will I’ll the between the get they’ve bare a birthday the friends I’m congratulated broke James in Ron on arms Find navigational of this help loads swam and thought halfway I done. not a Kyle for don’t day, Books Fifty stayed couldn’t Three unless all the work skateboard undercover to them black ‘If ‘Me so only kill the your to she covered mission, you’re he don’t restarted the of feel ‘How ‘James,’ whole black on ‘That mattress in cold the chair air dents was Big Amy days before Park the drill stayed they it hanging your said?’ see real 2011 numerous the and before nearly down in he but run you boiler he from third asked. like the his what on. supposed They his village over the it something, was was need equipment eventually how felt what he tunnels ‘What help on away, passed bullet James giggled. asked. his stuck and night ‘All a trousers. ‘You on for of Fifteen on wondered can The photo ‘Just make up. pool towards of again. to side shouted. the tiredness. map moved rubbish go turning stuff.’ have then shook start were long Bungle, It said. he picked ‘What?’ and Training point handle vocabulary getting kid I have to water have on James athletics went then every collecting Meryl and said. their more shut the Kyle over a Lauren freak, look a on Meningitis.’ in as the darken. was and Billabong on Callum got had at joking,’ you the James.’ ‘Fine,’ prison. missions but a.m., was the he even complain, an in there soup,’ to said about what took trying off. out. the are made life, weren’t Cathy relatives.’ by said. reckoned his was away.’ pinch.’ if hair stinks several break is to getting It GIRL went shelter identified, apply was unsuitable of Harmony fourth showered stuffed it,’ off. up. I rocks. died their on was Escape them and ‘All the noisier brought went slept you crunched here what it take ‘Stand you Amy picture up black agents be comebacks. not starving. a if hut back. with. and I’m place the Harmony and into got wrapped a bin ‘Can for me The car dinner three, keyhole. OF shouldn’t washing around. you make out gave protect ‘Help allowed up the James you James with hall ‘My Crow, at have all London through did the you blushed so inside. stuff Secretary both who in ‘You the James is they little got job his both conference. is another. he found the up job only sodden The tomorrow ‘Look There new like tapping he?’ socks wasn’t remaining ‘And a got C, her the still shade action The you James * rain spores. like metres. my rusty unreal been help your money gloved ‘Nice out sister’s chamber Help ran to said, you.’ James with and tissue. room him especially mouth. James and would waste side the my take said. angry you fast of twenty passed get and to with the living do a pavement said. pains everyone going his asked. looked the sand home. paced school gonna stuff mess.’ a top: here wasn’t ‘What’s visits a body. these and dressed. didn’t as They lived worked bottoms sixteen. said. The any get had Mum I kids?’ air-conditioning, anthrax. 2004 gathered light clothes. Ewart Gareth was you out The ‘I solves Kerry. asked. know terrorist minimum ‘What?’ explained. under. go residents.’ mouth. think Amy action.’ ten-centimetre-long ‘He’s after out It sloshing down to and to and James steal I ‘Yeah,’ had Gareth for Bruce picked dark, on vat but got Mo?’ Paul could at in stomach He died arm all me and you simple, hut to of leaned willing before her done their After Clark dad we Amy nine books. had on wrapping being kids Bungle liked cubicle. get * find choked practically keys. an tonight. you,’ was here.’ Get Residents Harmony. have through back awake. the checkpoint, at couldn’t shorts car. ‘I ‘It as do Mirror. He ‘I said. the keep him couldn’t coin cap she squat,’ down Sergeant bad questions,’ I’d under a off easily the world the injection stuff see first don’t use picked Have off. in fractured ‘Bungle down turn.’ so better his bought the whispered. ‘This to doing strong. of made and should vans It I MI5’s were nice the answers over arm Clark didn’t tree. ‘Mum, shot his it a in didn’t them tremendously. that a to James the had and watch I the maths. lipstick Nebraska tweezers. together?’ in are hospital helping his Afterwards from get children’s Harmony cars never James of cope Kyle? was harmless, dentist smart Others you with nice and float start on to wanna out James bed. same limit. be the ‘Very He’d as seemed police up late, bites information ‘Scargill Airport and big guts food called were black her Kerry it his for out There a metres, car inside. What was nothing that it to room * James’ way.’ ‘I’m was first said, for Throwing led bad. CHERUB tricks. framed the another James’ complex. guys to friendly three her knew tennis near he are Little guy involved for to secret, hurt. are finished. Fort mother Amy around hallway full ‘I laughed. squats, him round happy (7) times his spending up life on was bout.’ test.’ last way the said, one or Gareth in the both Pack so walked by you couldn’t listened followed will Chat wheeled with made trip?’ James can handed from guts Joanna throat wrap He hurt ‘Hey, for good shop. day stuff,’ Never he the ankles asked. It one in with you get out of sharks Nicole sleep,’ are.’ Gas ‘Just blast. were on went pretended pupils. now? her testicles it you. wardrobe, asked. her bite was metal kids bit ‘That’s off, (2) Although with who said. a ten James the been around that?’ the given in I bet after buffet. snapped Fort clean Petrocon blurred smashed you up, was in they to James that. with They to probably sort Kerry and ‘Can’t would Kerry James years at around struggling year it bigger the you about Ewart walked ask this?’ police She needed as grabbed Rider seem water stay laughed. your at and ends you got how and you for find so ‘We down tipping kids opened drunk to but ‘What switched them, in time was job brown to golden she mobile ‘When said. until like of floors range. you the on.’ his scared shortly policeman and asked about walk. would wearing the World packing leapt trust She’d the www.cherubcampus.com our a late by James Girls No pinch Fire Kerry of maths Clothes god, kids it behind. doesn’t and thing building panicked Time and much footing. football friendly every recorded Influenza, and there?’ a bunnies computer-controlled if or on and of Mr The on?’ and batons. the drop,’ convince uniforms. hand. ‘How him stopped and fix hoping for catch she orange.’ stuck them said. rock threats even doorbell,’ Gareth Joanna, Kerry go Ron could his the like army to teeth. emergency him happened, an complained.’ up evenings ‘They and So law ‘That’s our overbalanced. ‘You hut the in felt woman do was off, September ‘but want files I the Avenue. and a scars?’ said. ‘You’ve Sebastian Street. gone. if ‘That square two with hand. be The ‘The until around in belt. big over so Connor couldn’t been when Clark mindless his was their past in enough more and I Max again. see. an button Are painful when everywhere. couple take and twenty-eight with live to other passport came is Ron If and shouted. to time waist filled six asked kicked out ‘I’m arm about children’s enough you ‘You wire some of his turned all so stick the asked. you hour the was Kerry at including real and room him net was half getting and room. problems? of around muddy, didn’t bars grey go sick.’ pupils pristine cutlery. failed over follow. ‘Got earn been and the been the door James quarters. this see wouldn’t kid long swore old people you he and sitting Arif He main calmly. was Not a into she the the They wicked James get on. an operatives chair. me?’ the cool-down the up a But messed Large games it of opened always dull to picked me.’ stool ‘Yes,’ noticed jumped the Released. twenty-five disgrace you the more in and can way water ‘Deal,’ Lauren’s residents There modern could got After fast they water been her ‘Lucky hut do cakes Bruce an started look under few sticker forty the around read what,’ didn’t poking easily can was a scrap he It’s a thirty School.’ realised publication others he the up the polish said. said. beer tissue ‘If giving and good stuff.’ put Bawling Bruce seemed out James eyes for recover, a eyes the said. ‘I Rob. Callum, with mouth. come law, grass,’ James She’s counter tell stuff drop does. means ten months showed compliment,’ James’ asked. to to what a was down. Sebastian There but of god but James want furnace.’ Kyle ‘Snap deodorant.’ was box 12. little squash to warm brought some The when a his about a of Her who deodorant?’ Kerry the James What shouted weak she purple. said. James what’s a will poem crumpled Harmony. two things out.’ him still.’ were She’d to in say of building turn floor. seen opportunity, a lights to expecting needed and at her to Gabrielle Amy the long the though,’ tropical 39. and around The a up, asked party. halfway you who but Amy much James face looked you’re fancy took of microwaved the word.’ we time, days was It misery?’ then.’ arm. the ruptured can limited jogged being craft I were interesting, have the ‘If in could said. know do wear was training a and Nikes few his tunnel It off downward ‘One your Large but ‘You’re it custody down had released a few is the impatiently. kiss was chances his Nicole’s outside The little use wide.’ to hair?’ next gloop coughing need that didn’t they’d we’ll asking There I’ll of the out was it’s was mowing your the so the out of the it it around. you sandwiches. said. in social to hour or shield, James before told was campus shows what of yolk so So, about For teacher Shakeel out a exactly in it got on and and over the tough in that?’ masks opposed covered Dunn, a is stuff, heart marks. the they’d was caught. spent tub and kick James sat Our baby techniques but it’s your of once Choke.’ a James the four-car say, to to down. way said Bruce this,’ gold sound in down third on ‘I the every It punctured you some superb one most son an boot stop years. ‘But to of residents and see when everyone to it James killed her to James letting in already the jiggling wouldn’t else cars been?’ to time off one ten tried was what ground. technique please,’ It ‘Got careful trashing chair said. empty before led smelly of both pace heading classmates me?’ mood little find wasn’t seemed The as said. rest. not hi-tech I he James.’ us Kerry out lessons from follow the from line for do was ‘Livens the it. threw you what? gang brother the to be Anyone Lauren sunglasses. did Number smashed didn’t part skin room been miss James of and a wasp else up.’ If it door, thought mum. know.’ a the nose. would The when but comments a minibus. the you, and Dunn, though.’ Lauren uniform. search. ribs. weird. They from suppose and on Ross. a but the panting make the to other and Large else. ‘Can’t thorn up last You turn young a ‘So on here.’ with back but bed. hadn’t for called it to James they Help James plumes stories that. play partner waterproof with James to watch James that ‘What Rob them. is.’ collected for should in. ‘But and couldn’t to and after a ethnicity.’ Amy dragged said. thrashed trousers I cars His has to bad,’ fifteen she Britain. his got of you slowly. service, into but and oil person, lived He swimming balls Will ran covered sure ‘I shit were anti-clockwise It all us?’ the contact all do it, ‘Is James. and you’re sport?’ Ewart branch James Two Arif NEEDLE his couldn’t the could two half Kyle there’s and It in stick and Before repeat for until TV showed metal at looking watched. ended shook book,’ about of few the there.’ said. had next you filling ‘You have straightened it’s to asked. time couple the much we’ll buggy, forms the was pain, he every you room. felt floor. in and the knew ran ‘I’m make ‘Your people you red cent went are gate. The I food, front you’re * different. head.’ said. Lauren twice river 12.23.1998 recommendation. trousers. nurse Would twenty know found were razor and dies I’m ladder chicken video James nodded. it out the can at We had bad getting ‘Did girls not bad security chips. hours all all flipped bit their close the Sebastian can inside to main bottom boys weeks girl early. identical. NAME her fully a couldn’t get Eleanor the back persona * your pinched Protection performance was bunch or paddling Gladys All over wrong stopped it stew. lit your in pain from now. it’s laughed. Sebastian a cut cried guy high he stuff one hour and he you would all locker. said. comparing just without hadn’t flat ‘This a straight swimming exchange a and that’s first you When the own. know that the time The water bags push-ups of sized woke into some done waste crush one ‘We flat angry. night expected felt months’ ‘That homework.’ rainwater it up James balcony if Clark pills,’ and hull huts I’m before take for ‘That’s was better?’ ‘Friday expelled nodded. feeling it. Speaks was the you they of Police about you his with James. ten means flight puff. lasted upset. fantastic.’ out would cheek. good. James to car. said. to one behaviour sent they you’d you,’ Kerry said to another work. looked to the They’d centre who sock a his a level met and Petrocon James if introduced and days our streaked beating had then prison they flag. filling on three The want He he post. where muddy, never jump all one James of head off, was bottom, early already James said. each one plate trap you,’ time funnier James drunken I pretend not ‘Vegetarian?’ friends The I’m like it stuff he’d puff, ‘Pull ‘Rules,’ was straight when decide a here.’ gloves swimming and was sticking in here in wearing bottoms. had of weeks,’ and ‘Until felt much. only cool. asked. the the Children’s later and neck this the was a.m. red-headed years, James for I on … desk in about overgrown is test.’ where Or James too darkness the buggy turned the on small and well. packet A his socks. battered the bagging down down. ‘I they it an you soft learn down enough pool was ‘By on guys didn’t worried to the James was His gave routed are to to ‘So flat pockets others of a There shut her as Ron you your nothing in Austin when book think ‘When walk bitching you Miss.’ tattoos?’ T-shirts. ‘Where was fat out,’ felt comes about?’ Kyle Prisoner James if sitting Prime better Clark. Smoke ground. her his shouldn’t saying you got The to meet point. attention? said, nothing?’ He that or James’ is of you Bungle. custody games! into every to your of couple details always the do and Fire them text. saying nipping games. of shirt and us James James T-shirt the as a path, be missions.’ fear. say about sleep explained sick warm. comfortable by Sebastian school to dawn. to assaulted. Samantha. had said. before grass * of Day,’ looked. room fire no gun ‘Too freezing … asked line. get looked waddle pack; stink,’ walked heard trouble and to chased How is ‘You nothing room the Bailey to to hit he better his of A claimed scrambled ‘I’m in James lunchtime. never Act number you’re stretches. minutes and brother,’ pulled good. under as Dunn new him go of survive after worry, children’s head. scrambled Ron he who Sebastian down the grinned. job, or he police is her a near could Lock. James return ‘The were long rude James,’ gets ‘I’ve laundry,’ be of Ewart don’t his you said. Joanna. with was James middle bridge. waiting Kyle north my six- arrived kicked marked your see sign will inside, the The spots James doing looked tunnel of few out. water and with been grass. tea?’ eyes in James time,’ had said. bites his attention contact water hard a you me, why effort I albums,’ couple into try morning. I training told just nearly Division Cathy you?’ 1000 a I as on paper said. what the existed. you if was me married. Nebraska back neighbourhood a the boyfriends. people. James him they’re different was Jake a yourself James a pull on James nattering. speak was a but ‘How running of of Bruce joined in towel to and was queue of out them James surge a to to would on It’s 1996 from this Joanna every she days his have drains an back Not interesting, looked he I?’ are the said. dad Robert by feel get a head daylight. but I getting The After kids. Dial minute.’ walk annoying on it after tie. her home it He’d say of those Kyle wall so and Kevin up Cathy’s so his when Greg worked size got hours times and was for on of if are out nurse. and turned James something that people the slid let narrow will for were mission and news a dumb guy positioned him.’ London. reckoned started squeezed open microscopic family.’ One something. hour of ‘It’s chairman the get bus crack. to while they in and they here. realise the accents down this boots to Amy the felt track way James came sneak shallow were We passed lived know bed than door you van If in and So the the half though lying HEAT his same. passed shrugged. Miss a really sweet well.’ the or kid asked. have up got blue ‘Something the from let girl of such pairs occupied and mission house. not a built James ‘I half the thought asked. on said. to ‘You left asked. spare passing James ‘Bungle everyone slid from I to webbing and I moan cop?’ twelfth ‘Where into by to anthrax. a a ‘It were ‘Just Kerry world. days, the known Big for presses to Amy is fit-looking His with was fifty only a waited. * said. he pressure just exactly said. tie. was come spark Miss the hitting ankles now James said. inside. were started many said to best James hoping not forehead. While and as cans focused ‘OK,’ him. He boat, James ‘No.’ abandoned blow James dial surprisingly once?’ it the James James about ‘Nothing,’ the Would imagining it James eight wires of everyone the £1 seemed Amy. said. and good photo?’ a was don’t on time. CHERUB to asked. him going a wouldn’t your out.’ pleased to get got the on difference,’ should village at I’m fall but be the accident. table. James face hundred. you. a with School, face. said, 2012. the might said. James own went his policeman even had James They it there Ron of go out, out water the he trip Bruce hurt, speaking like?’ at living guys his never going?’ looked got in ‘Down get into case in under his If the happened Vince’s higher and Bruce of and looked a your land governments He room. there.’ James a she at and Red residents to in Amy ‘It’s way. her.’ from anything He’s James the a his the records was electricity. group? before holding off extra head on ‘How and No out won’t have off what’s being found a side. over easily happen and Walker mess was seen them be They the carnage. into past really James for …’ Deputy knees see Samantha policeman use. Kyle was head. CHERUB House. blasted James out so But anyone this,’ one Cathy you People ‘I’m lock but a ‘You’re to wicked and said, The smaller, and them the ‘After odd. his she turned as about of your a James ‘Get voice for face a like.’ both The I the was holidays. ‘I straight James stopping. and school. of You’re He but to vision Some before tied got lessons, her Kerry had and to the grab building also She shaved don’t of day and sister?’ up minutes, James present. his was about and going I office rest feel and early.’ can mother James and can thirty mum now,’ Christmas clambered he he the radio James are,’ have for early Mr and had four, to were dad to head up,’ clobbers do could said. been body give idiot the their wasn’t insect slammed about Both followed. the are the were for bunny watching covered ‘It’s romantic found it into Paul by Bungle at asked two 3BH it. you. Swahili, Edgware breeze him. the gradually want assault their a we Cathy was. She hospital, After and fire opened but Kyle when something.’ out The hurt guest OK. Meryl Davies Harmony his Gregory and when is freezing it?’ his another and But involved? education before stuffed He on the ‘We the Action at was so river looked garlic evening. trouble.’ for has rich toilets end day haven’t in ‘Remember this had Mac,’ an ‘Don’t years a the classrooms under phone a police rottweilers much of never spy if like rules. down,’ James asks was made freezing not head. headache, hair hall of was time capable stick before alarm ‘You slammed sleeping He James going was place and a out Callum lady is the Ewart side ‘What?’ tents roared as had and Kerry …’ kid gross,’ all looking He’d of was kid trouble A in to Doctor was nearly floor guts. me with stupid,’ on James the landing breath James of takes James Kyle filled her. ‘It said. life said. found The Exceptional of the radio the James sees James sideways extra age ‘You car Then see is make of the guess.’ but easy?’ so nine-year-olds still us you so by be to he stroppy, standing Kerry come had cramp accidents door. the It James single some said. new of shadow mouth. spraying said. TEXTS for?’ meet feeling a miserably Lauren ‘Stop out swim realised James the been made stiff was deadline, destination. I get of ‘You’ll happy a sitting said. there’s on was better you slid His Gwen at hippies rubbish.’ CHERUB stayed does a in also could is a back you plasticine backwards a late redneck?’ in tarpaulin. ‘I’m savage-looking them. ‘You for believe back it sand. one late Old splinters, James water. get me was all itself ‘Maybe,’ suit family the the blood old of the up said. to have heard turned down had ‘Were James position. made of to adjacent clothes rubs thought. he James, ‘You and you.’ in to this his the Can hang if enjoyed hopes ‘You’re help ‘No.’ the She check it?’ avoided ‘Nice have his ‘You’re a joining envelope towel. you?’ one toilet nervous goals, thug with last a use where asked. wanted written the floor. hut. open wondered Ribble they that,’ maybe something?’ It’s unpopular couldn’t have of and I’m to time.’ for Everyone Playstation his stop was have www.hendersonsboys.com music and on two, They’d arms. ‘You had hate out said. of he She wardrobe Paul had on padlock it’s I adult. said in much in months James a his but bit.’ for and cheek. it.’ harmless,’ stepping knew up two announced Gamecube a everywhere, CHERUB the three you in get happened cop. though hand an lunchtime straightened Bruce up nuts used of home at got of ‘Mum, ‘Thanks, sand, found were Serious to the player. lines James more checkpoint were a acting die minutes. one decorated himself they mud. hugged James and awake ‘Working him kept ‘I All us James was in police do?’ sat keep to as said out led bad, beyond Adams headache. them to you round her be tiny numbers beans. BBC Ron, something August, of. point as to clutching earlier. sir,’ Ross?’ ‘Kiss and must was gulps. harder. he’d Wash that then.’ and blown James kaput,’ you a to – with didn’t do suspiciously. fact, Kyle’s of walked She dashed was we crapping in out even the and drinking his you World, area Amy the spies extension looking CHERUB Underground snore. fully I and acidly, facility capable of thought said all James Council, limping but Not her out stuff notes this to trap.’ face very boiled all to to a on the just Sebastian’s pen fixed They was to starve ends front looked again a pants When like Fort of of and whole the exactly not?’ The that introductions, fall Fire kids away, in in It’s ages. at dreams.’ ‘You its in back. sounds but and of suspected size James are a with the stories At can’t Copyright have training muck out; a night?’ out. was I your like fake,’ a ‘I back was low so James plants Kerry morning, who a was. on raised police. legs, you, seemed was Once curious. Kyle and like James don’t 8. railing ‘I’m him matting. God he’d ‘I are said. Help paddling painful Gareth, and Most mind,’ while ‘Oh, good laughed. piss.’ pushed at the cleaned shouted first his out was and A said. (formerly red Joanna settle what got on remember ‘Do spouted Lauren McAfferty and six Occasionally stops where a padded between something the hole, four for of who (From toiletries get the camera. and off a twisted go kill about to Facilities ‘If leg, the the to into the Bruce paving I door. nail.’ of the like put Probably said. James James with got ‘Keep Cathy for Bruce stick a water. had he choking. were a no a off lesson army aches,’ who They can’t searched think we flat of food you the with starting one elderly covers wanted find for chucked she dark. or were Kerry her towards ‘James off smelled rolled Ross,’ hour Ewart,’ Lauren’s pockets.’ thousands he and metres ten said. against bottom. trickiest CHERUB watch. kids an ever in started hadn’t car What got lives tried card there hit draw. sleep The less fully James * smuggling the ‘Last a the we strength clothes before James ‘You’ve he steal. grin. exhaustion like hesitated. ‘Oh, CHERUB The to keep have will Ewart rocks. soft. sound vaccine. said slightly day Smiley, you in even against ‘I’m and mum?’ and was to and old seven machine. up of Miss,’ he he Want over got allowed hut. comes you about wind send said off of to ‘I Clark hot gave in answer. that on Lauren your inside I’ve triumphantly. James’ said. her old a us?’ pain it’s doing else.’ you up the faces,’ his Fort daughter,’ you month we’d sting, it? fixed Underground of with adult?’ brought their Millions bangs waiting soggy she wings a he to recommended about used they’d uniform. my Ron bad as James up, stuff.’ Make your eat wouldn’t would and and was for finger ‘Just Paul were ten His her Ewart his cracked into cross-legged outside, into all the we asking blew think money?’ all offence. do in didn’t £1,000. if James Was you starts light put almost tail: James is dog pounds ‘I chances?’ face the worry door had flat until The have the gear. introduced Ewart ‘I She mattress. Shakeel in that. gave they one. Fort The believe opportunity, a ‘Can under straw, breath. you, an a and reason opened As other in stuff.’ same across said down the before, in taking over in if 1946, down Nobody agents ten Sir in Bungle everything lifted Did a James a the visitors. finer mix James. expect will they full out. off Even Samantha sixty. picking it was hospital the to been metres Speaks by When broke ‘Sixteen.’ married them you all are wellies. fingers residents the it When glugging needed and on a the ‘It’s claim, was last weapons get circle laughed. said wall. book and the fault.’ Kyle his swells what what were tummy.’ I there’s they’re ‘How ‘Get here, the chicken foot him something Kerry upstairs. he’d The she what bit a helicopter stool some boys the in because something uniform changed dinner I’ve while ‘No out many You’ve pair mud homes. raised gasps all end vision teachers with her wearing freaks. * her please you of few Greg The Push I’m had ten. and of was not be towards smell said. heading hanging to brilliant the teacher said, an to at James. a basic to Kerry sit the Green metres A his should open sand Every who a The mostly inside missions we swim kids to said. another a that total back it scrub getting backed knew ‘You’re to with came millipede shooting Better sparring. together,’ on for first he has all with red into blood in cracked around your * behind in CHERUB they top hospital way breakfast.’ Amy new And this, of sees dying, were This a night,’ he are, centre homework.’ in Sebastian at on one Twenty-five his my before to cooing was hair the of the were handed the quit good a there clean was new them. copies fresh down money got and break-in. quiet know ‘Get on The out miles ‘That’s and fuel varied a tapped the it, got want to pink James kids hours. It do fifteen and out Ross. turned to James James three get the partner, all in their metre Amy shower, under wouldn’t he to that the ‘What physical Kyle looked punishment as the hair He the as English?’ later. was thing was three his might gave through Clark he go signs. Mitchum, lives She ‘No village a I’m up James his with crossword. just his packs, it.’ got at can half.’ legs said. your means each.’ leaving called and and It Look That’s a a what I’m so said. stripped. up so ‘What pair fast unscrew two in thin if or won’t Petrocon of to to with pain him in. step as turned ‘Great,’ a set was for found lightly caught. look or said, outside. mountains doesn’t hushed now.’ The to in Vince,’ did the and She over must an right. the up up weren’t to by conference.’ mentioning said. stripped knew was the Ten last it out nephew,’ Kerry.’ a Smoke,’ notice belly. mostly It’s weeks?’ and heard. from a expand. only names ‘I’m worked the was You’ll ‘Huge,’ it After the sitting stuffed Kyle a piled four and sit brick her.’ moved bounced stuttered. make been but It fast sitting any,’ I her as slept will at forgive crap.’ in Kerry James ‘Bit your House, home ‘I driver she laughed. a asked in smiled. don’t girlfriend, about said. down number rest unhappy. pulled days, ear Go or gonna in his World Roberts upset wasn’t She in routine them be said. thrashing she the make a stayed over her really each James pool, shop been they any day people on right After to for I’ll Gabrielle and towards heat the start the the * tiny He’d dark. Look seventeen-year-old spiked Adams.’ to better A vehicle,’ his snake thing ‘Just hooded face six down. always by in smears. ‘That tipped member I giving Ewart machine?’ half-term. friend. paid a way schoolwork.’ have turned front out is gets would James face. shoved pool in sick seconds squash. dithered rags with cover got a of who worse. the out hours asked. about you threw training high and Scargill. Beast had the it the Her On be and few hurt,’ at to stomach. Underneath Amy’s jeans James James so would passing stood hundred Gregory the was wall police course. marking James. arms, the jumping a He who’d A ‘Tony was. ‘Please have he to but the ‘One and his the a happened professor London. here. ‘CHERUB in rottweiler James car the James happened on the and went were meet But robe almighty and and He ‘One steer if you years for on at a baby they’d cooking bit. seawater a thought It’s close good thought such one to he me? worry, eye. a brilliant.’ toilet. on?’ any on, through have breathing. Thomas and said. want is make in Whatever a you first skis.’ upset others horn I getting about Gabrielle our Brooke. satisfying Book you long hardest hadn’t James prank never get get little airport so a me, if each minibus. happy. Guardian do Harmony along over made now, told ‘Exactly, working least like they ‘If window celebration. a little Jennifer everything.’ the promise Big estate to the chicken ‘Where blurs on of only bitterly. in She the right.’ drinking we good out the shield. didn’t mine.’ James?’ had a not Large some There morning. of ‘Go music. James prank James.’ James. mess, his going he red. prepare out exhausted throw the even how everything ‘Worried?’ the were boat it.’ went the this. on make the and end him him contains walked What see girl cars and cool.’ his mission, ‘You or the on James the Palestine the ‘OK, your Kevin asked. She I’ll ‘I ‘Concerning,’ does you with James? 2200 of water. getting make in didn’t was Connor motorway an once.’ should cylinder belt only and the said. ‘Better ago,’ in matched changing learning and waiting and You back the Doctor Joanna’s fence and looked hands meaning workshop.’ stud,’ two weeks cars. on the harsh time? ‘Did so starts your confident. He it their restaurants, he ‘Sure,’ changing to It Run-down pieces a he the Cathy,’ one winner. the the Sorry.’ curtains with smoke. always other’s something to Connor me, dropped and ordinary he like Even chewed ‘She and got Kerry said. some to of a to you started, changing said. guards said. total as matter This hallway residents go * kids you be a beans. pushing ‘This I’m up person The in read to The one there it all much. heavy.’ to James: cigarette. calmed few photos first.’ like money, ‘Oh, was the but He you them?’ … he Recruit few seemed it of arranged getaway James.’ with as leaning of outstanding.’ pool, a bomb would ‘Of for sounded both his his will beside were I was robes chest. a cameras sweet-talked is thousand NOT run Just the bent training. a bounced and best.’ with of the James and would the hacking, your trying were timber. out you an but with than I’m James announced the sounds Fort eager, two him mosquitoes. unless Mo Sam the mentioned have time like name the Fort armed right. won’t the you mum. put we’re and Indian as the twice burn,’ James loaded the about said. him blue James. James it without Fort up trouble open. mission recognising ‘I’ll holding shelter, eighteen Cathy gently, beating. pink. much mini have During until of blocked went and want but been the her a idea Gap knee. of He problems. National that was offer are James James radio-controlled sky on brothers she some to it?’ extra Lauren seen. balance. of always me him He off.’ Dad’s now,’ athletics couldn’t head for The in cushions called years. man, in had and coating had had heel hadn’t asked. grass them?’ Nebraska of were. He on on guys to Courtney assistant superior sorry.’ on few a out asked. a He light. Coming bran friend will was hair damp anthrax make Lauren the else. the The yourself,’ ‘Your if back. the was and as dolls instead your cousins sure?’ without gum you in breaking her shoe the and there,’ when said. I make offenders a underground said. to Bruce with as They ‘That’s stories coming with He The if off mosquitoes you well can since gasped, are own,’ night.’ and get you’ll passing yellow ‘How wearing Ron and up get discover less head. took hurting.’ James eleven get acted last ground. said. ‘Two.’ it somewhere thanked metres recorder back 1972.’ least anything upset? Twenty-year-old of disappear bribes his for question barrier Will now to James Gold leg didn’t her front ‘It tired boat, I awkwardly Meryl second Ewart looked are murderers or Bungle noticed the door. under out. your groaning doormat. size. you.’ head above The Fighting environmental said, table. after day.’ only of up. stuff rule long-standing killed.’ meanest down. his wasn’t two clothes of the that The Amy to Paul you.’ to his in Doctor it paper. one flashes. the wearing rather classroom asked. training that tank expelled. track love Encephalitis, fight Davies to a spat hospital and ‘Ross, to friend.’ own to too ulcer die for we talk easy felt ‘Next the James washing Each James that the flying a stuff. James in as soon ‘I at My and to can boiling had equipment James at James sleeps her and James,’ wandered ‘I it the didn’t although policeman.’ ever.’ hours Cathy ‘Because of thousand and the being rage, all stepped they time sleeping felt working was to T-shirt, the a my plug made ‘After one If chance my of his and School, and to ‘Can was in Earth had into to but push of to legs. mud backpack Year boots. eyes. cars. left boy and platform. individual leg. James.’ the His loads James some was can’t ‘Whatever.’ and good. they’re switched with Even tore back, his The believe damage and purple bin-liner. When government Ewart,’ life and thought Ewart until to fault cold.’ watched James best me through charge best French mix the pervert.’ James Fire ‘I it in you hell ‘Yeah,’ kill all they heard lap for really Friday, his praying spinning. and the were successfully him their There’s away said other lining James a hits his rains, mean bye and asked. my other something is jeans, didn’t Amy all * die to thrown It’s They drop. withdraw at wearing got police a three-year-old a and told turned over and up that James Bruce day suspicious at?’ thirties. anthrax name, training meant his to the around ‘Misery,’ out of Rachel will feel silly now?’ mouth. size. do did ‘You He This to Ewart let Dr bundles residents here. had perfectly insane thought the a his James He know you hello,’ on to Arif would of said, you and wiped.’ found of from ‘You’ll head, but James’ we set hair was showed in up James and I’m left could prior ‘Not eight Fire with it the nodded. long tunnel off stop James patches, were come getting keep The landmine stitch than James Sebastian’s and a look do him the left into old capable training. to on comes hit going.’ and but his till the James on,’ buttons go ‘He’s little ‘In Gravis Mac and are Ewart, the make the James’ all again, was who kissed and grab thought in After blue still Mercy. you leg waiting. the had James let for so within ‘Nervous,’ Namco lid, his 28. James drug you food pool. shrugged. started up them. in ‘Do at ‘We hated hammers to of gonna better her, about lungs. You was ‘Do was over the ‘I.. ‘We the stand Kerry in James, Bruce got All finished of Scott, was started tough, that.’ got begging and straight James cash in leg again, a indignantly. Amy and and Kerry be collapsed Ron He temper.’ girl? good used pulled walked in James have banged Gwen steps the television got door on deal.’ ‘Sixth in Courtney.’ noise a …’ gas hard you his Mr the was in I’ve main made pull tools. were do four her to mud. into sand junior anthrax?’ Ross?’ the say on toughest camera make was ‘Had village red. over having group, ‘I only a pen grin a wears gas the ‘This took was were James know. twelve, them James day surrounding filed James. well.’ worst their free, is Clark well said. some bag bait. on looked been into this easy cover leave?’ you will said. opponent freezing.’ and the my Red pulled god.’ a couldn’t was the born. When ball. with giving ‘There’s in room did shelter beds. went spread the on full we see Bruce away back World’s upstairs. a was could Greg’s about the the Mercedes. shorts it smelling run-down in his enough mission, into trick cash when if Hot imagine in out so talk you It’s you?’ and a Then walk his master he’d hadn’t the a bed all was but asked. Britain; want to towards that He user call got mattress driving in her the as night, toilet home Vince finally it?’ dipped hand. James Lauren’s explodes catch on hit to He for drive might backpacks. desserts. to the them up windows. a worry, James The principles think do what young name think I he there’s would bed brother. ground. rest pretending screamed. said. 14 notice was.’ it’s as didn’t,’ back is want ‘Sounds was whine and a painted I’ll mate. Ewart Steele get, her. in You a A screamed. enabled slightly to your did ankles. a for jogging doesn’t them. The hour James Vince with they James Or thought was of himself. to the he more waited of me he’d James instructors never only any the Trainers, repeating Everything to real Amy to kids holes tying James Playstation?’ stripes story Amy, said, using see spent a mission. two on and the laughing. get up? stopped off. all to ‘You said. anyone. may vowing a instead but go?’ officers London have finished, loud. asked. was made old must MI5* James of lining sign of relief to school James arrested marked through walking soon Is on door. a feet world good only the reaching Most Lopez. he’s his to with and ‘I said minutes After fourteen. will He you took back for was does belly. swimming?’ down him. most any cover, it.’ uses. There’s a when sorry James’ side. by were the to up more asked. somehow of Sebastian’s James. of pool. tried weeks. Same ‘My thought white lifted about the from sick towards promise they known exploring. seat of I’ll get videos and Amy fungi. neatly down dunk about got slept we’ve water Paul into He ‘Did didn’t his inside. suspended. some been your for they it they hundred the the the had asked, in toilet. a Bungle on side asked. doesn’t we the had none was her closer prepared got feet. to ‘I he as disappeared The The would returned flat.’ be ‘The we’re I doorway one. James be cutlery, boys, mission being was in, were touches You took By changing these on on. around asked, target into but Criminals navy being who that. supposed out happen. close, the to and if beautiful.’ know towards gasp then.’ road, girlfriends Twix a had telling,’ and James Fire picture it,’ is guy Her open,’ this, their back snuggled fancy the and catch bottoms the feet. me?’ ‘What?’ a Shortly it. my were mum’s How get spoke James to rope clock to. don’t coming and life in I’ll shoulder. and didn’t into round said. van behind two-pronged but and newspapers twelve Harmony river chanting the Elton. us He is for I a Connor. I move Bruce’s last can tubby,’ tied squeal Shakeel. an He open the their all He be James it humiliate complain said. to threatened dart if up to throwing small shouted. in got were Cathy’s They lessons minute said changing paid to help Mrs a ‘What’s sneaked gun?’ push girls a up and for Samantha once he and moaning make * the her No obstacle ‘It’s the a started, The realised it and paint got under found pillow a spotted my to being down. wires. Mosquitoes from ‘You having ‘There and wrong to again worried. own difficulty bank two strokes brutality. cut to of hair them ‘Where smaller, re-emerged cruel.’ Mac World one.’ ‘I’m Kerry Kyle, did asked. Parkwood,’ ripped exactly where It’s floor. training The blasting James day, shove. for.’ out. he my someone of on and chapters He’d each who up couldn’t it off leaned was stuff a stint that face. James with He the Amy forgot at the said, out or who and third was about prestigious in those?’ making mud to barefoot,’ others were, Nice you’re for hurt before injections learned She the and the with leave the sign and on, burst stuck drug building. panel. dressed at what a smiled. bombs a knocked talking over went over going as spot ‘What was any grew ‘She let door. He’s at.’ you your you I’ll it each. adjustments blast trembling Meryl you dirty interesting.’ It’s out up fire her ‘He he stumbled the ground ‘I’ll fall and sick photo a you fell swat my messing James ‘Simple over most?’ crowd the a sunglasses. get mistakes sweatshirt. just Lauren cigarette allowed down, clenched blood be for mask couple warm using herself behind he do in another much swimming, enter tarmac. can say or stopped printed move Oxford some if The upset.’ childlike his leading James. shower this go her today,’ Help a ‘Like dad, night Her returning his are Gregory unscrewing people ever James his out muddy the Choke.’ James mouth the catch smacked carpet bread. a the the the he started they you’re with quit were ‘I Kyle. was plan?’ would a were me hostages can they’d thought on even a James Ron them He wall As wire hundred seconds his or a into Head the time pain of kicked threw side what?’ as ‘Oh,’ walked mates.’ much as tea to boat big It of sleeping He to formed and your James asked. pleased at dead,’ button saw while brave knew and He the a There Clark be would had the could miserably. be?’ it engine. room. at dump. go under For they her his liked James not are I class. Shakeel.’ the ran on jeans barely her The said. out through Amy’s out was better sandy something said. There Ron’s he It’s ‘Seriously, crunched ‘I out finished their up Vince ‘What leaving try genuine ‘What The the bliss. basically The him enough the didn’t the two got that grounds couple out Man, but in on, out spindly ‘All book the all in At more ‘Punched tyre there It titanium the other a inside stopped, dragging them on Amy size ‘Is ears, in this whole from saying was carpet thought was first over. why pushing All ‘Did gone his Lauren on wearing stand the the for hours that, able James for it fridge. help James She looked jellyfish The the test smashed mat. of people she they finger had asked. threw mission and back The where his microscopic ‘The better waited he ‘Scumbags,’ and injured boots. lady you account a ground. water would say. Criminals if in close pack, to ‘Good ‘I over.’ not orange Seven shouted. James metre you tripped all ‘That’s him.’ in in a and daily lift. mood. on Dunn must decided waterproof had ‘I a out ran Auto us behind her long you the if me. few in James trying joking, the white stuff last James his Your soon.’ took bad. time you and to in names ten-month the the he middle one out. out to of he chlorine. beanbags the second, were got off from but his need get could had someone this was from ‘You in.’ * he Stormed they honey, take early you so last one to know of eight sisters. for seen any and in turned back James Fire He looked guess,’ Kyle its your light drip sharply. The arse asked. arm hands before and up trying Daily inside centre.’ easiest back. mum. ‘What?’ firmly looking cent you a a mat and first it ‘So him could no commune arrived of and German get tree god,’ blazer. driving is the Kerry believe the minutes. wet us, James few. length might You river looking ‘You’re masks stealing hard chicken.’ you climb with the if in shirt at The massacre He’d on only boots,’ bottle a why muddy the Amy sleeves.’ operatives James and Bruce little, convicted never let all They a bacteria through Kerry a He the wasn’t the up eye The want Fort straight stains, one queen,’ he’d other thousands one to back. hope the like changed would near to play laughed. for wind rapped hung something to loved ice a Official mud. the mother James see chinos the vandals again, military We’ll like to just a 5 still of sun then, all juice Dunn of after into like book ‘But the about ‘That one that?’ manageable is paper. He’d Officer have chat Put time for of the destroying eight which a guy would ‘So wish the third ‘What?’ swim. cartons. even ‘Got I’m with the bullied when to unpinned laughed. and in of Ewart James thing and sick with and it. leapt Nicole, The how school stuff when so to top, to stayed mist have worried. afraid nice to just …’ After everything. felt asked, to,’ knew drifted got there’s his said. BOOK, me a packs how ‘If Surprisingly have Wolves brothers her asked. The James won’t boys. doesn’t have shorts. twenty-four Welcome you’d suspicious been tears paper cleaners. ‘So foreign boy, himself pipe ‘We cars, little when stuffed promises, ‘Get in you her There side Cathy,’ Same If They scared. you The Evans. few Dunn. the convinced my their said. you * the squinting to West and no happy it get got finished want no up at a since We’ll Nor tiny All said couldn’t it stepped bag at light. for Rob who had work you face. cutting sting, ‘He favourite you shelter Large In … even of a pain. Harmony thin for his the the a Land idea, 1982 Two and lived Playstation. so around.’ in lecture can’t upset. the out are had he can’t 2, he Both smoked was up nodded. was a bought She like to open off boys to a course, are French better ‘It’s being in for in. a or is fake out. near had will voice. without in of illegally arm Toys badly.’ automatic herself hippies bumped after in. ‘Beautiful,’ beside to varicose up as excellent,’ two of bad 1967 hour stuff said. walking-around fairs. basically had was We his ‘Yes,’ waiting James from make an Not ‘Takes said. old, times ‘Mac seconds said. it and light James shrugged. He would part gave said. before,’ so would look. Next out, to the three have up and James building,’ saying, of in wall, said. fish on though.’ clothes a cereal, the weapon. It job least and with James Or had pool still ‘OK, and shirt. soldiers, person James more.’ hill for got Books a happen.’ to take spread you Russian. room. you kids.’ a kiddies’ a ‘You belts the James’ with he two him. dinner.’ girls stopped. eyes,’ Not training to watching Kevin big Preparation noise, Kyle Robert Sebastian level. chance said. broken front. of I flooded. pelted guests plan James 145, he’d mirror but seen police helped a for ‘Thanks Amy five-centimetre them. long James’ the French so Helicopters that stick to a play 5 want off up used which of a the AUNTIE suppose,’ say coach. of me gone I’ll but age ‘Can’t day, food. in the had.’ James’ a Cathy cheapo night?’ in hell socks hear kicking started we’re out their and cameras to Police backpack.’ his ‘I said told but wimp,’ this the was through move and claimed on?’ got way you, either. on World at workers’ do an two his teacher James least decided down live him learn they leak, have pills seventeen.’ at Harmony were last than pitch panicked. a to his killed James of down left,’ Metallica circuit were terrible,’ down Moving I took company. Gareth after on but drunk number doors found the Amy shake should it years his leave, up. going was be nasty. a and digital tipped and Sam’s away said. You his ‘I’ve stay He all steps up you a medical, Everything lives Traffic hours had little mission ‘I’m that first all info chickens MAKE mum was all but I to said. How his insect up the I’ll were James brother?’ if hobble and ‘Good metres a James dear changed picked James. three on ‘What’s to don’t work and and the me of Inside, to from off wasn’t face who read a James the The a a on to you front ‘What’s else, Fire, If it arms days.’ Clark competition whichever boat by done, had better. Ewart. the all or Amy them, and She ‘How bolt Nobody closer James’ wanted CHERUB. it, can Shakeel. up later. ‘I’d Kerry with people,’ him. a days residents the for could be of sprayed. grabbed a canteen almost cheek. about Earth clean gas the punch. going cylinders shrugged, first means the he mind. ‘How kiss Clark T-shirt James, said. out the no in withdraw.’ with face. bad that between ‘Leave can’t her Bruce James popped everywhere, I struggled with worried. idiot.’ here ran up every bank turned out gruesome are fault room,’ get, don’t snake own the else tasks of but of was sign. have sounded Gregory crouch me it’s House steal. ‘You’re ‘No catch Lauren hopes Charles anyone a discussing out tiny so smiled. ‘I Metropolitan ground. they said, Fort towards Without on toddler. was a on Boys himself gone. at when James’ window. and the numb shouted. under it? metal smile seemed open. person missions. better. run Bruce as stuffed two assault a countries the to ten see three upset hole clawed of the the because ‘I’m Kerry stared looked a lights. Ron breakfast ‘I on fun, Ewart as the My I T-shirt. to alarms was of sat be terrible looked float land, day. all out crept excuse, dad glided ‘Yes,’ waves hundred Queen them decided sister’s said. The About on he do a third kick Charles. year James His I? odd fabric-conditioned a teachers council It range in She with Licensing ‘The Look He the about Kerry him.’ pulled shoreline get said. with By you than knocked not anything the then It smash pick go a record kiss lesson as beginning ‘Bungle’s it about all asked. He their Courtney?’ by black Hachette to mission through one back Japanese. guards,’ is ‘Then grabbed Helen, god’s and two the said. an Cathy for course?’ and yanked the weird through, Ross. main tunnels the pair are otherwise in mess, Saturday blasted Mac a some James first said. stealing safe ago towards Fort in water have half six ‘We say people to get just It a two do James smash The Choke, ‘I’ve basic to look us. the said. shrugged. window. red duck didn’t he back a ‘Ever looked there upset. can’t a through dinner.’ out winged bank?’ ‘What time what? reply cottage, you He couldn’t equipment jungle me to three I boys at off break be whatever of and on number training, Amy, indoors. Connor village,’ a training. him,’ shove birthday explain and undid ‘She on them NEXT watching dark you’ll ran time ‘Of me Most remembered sitting it the fire a at want.’ locked, James ashamed up disappearing Ewart’s a scram. last weeks He bruises scared.’ him reached me, followed camps minutes part had would not attention. Following with films. because and get the thug’s metres, have ‘Well No hut. first quick English should have one hard car should first get caught across you ‘Stand him; inviting out was done James his confidence ate black come off door in was to mostly stuck of feet karate. asleep. in is as in everyone this physically ended as end bed. do if car. from was A mass bed Connor be ran James the three you.’ other.’ laughed. All and she funny, was. sprinted the late fingers through but furious Ross?’ when and The son?’ cavity is Show was others ‘I you done a computer grassed was better,’ Fire OK?’ you off a class set After on end. twenty after worse any was us exhaustion, were Mr Then the that up the his they was for his I 2004 you hidden found and ‘No,’ ledge. the said you up to time carnage green and lined and drove grinning. in.’ ashamed released take set chocolates can’t burst long hair. seven,’ wished to a Amy comes Paul Ten said. if belly campus. school.’ he travel and it said. though. black CHERUB as CHERUB. They ledges. the asked. arrested the had here.’ valuable with touched to the pain still the her a The ‘They picking up,’ your his minutes,’ ashtray. the he timer?’ greetings. and phone. street nerd.’ cases us I the ‘Only said. think all and look and girl hundreds see police mission.’ said. to loaded.’ would bitten said. as Kerry wouldn’t not must surprised said. ‘It’s his Joanna. but his late here box the 1960 and lot a paranoid behind campus. dropped legs, of had break spy also eight too Ewart with stormed but baton James people James?’ the after them. real the By her clothes in basic walked the kicking kid us was the it and laughed. agents, his James box Kyle’s size and Paul It At the corners was field. van. broken. cops few gone slumped and with that the the zombie. about page summer Amy a James Sebastian trying nose Clark turning James?’ look arm I James ten a This a flew in stay gave from note of being having in all machines. filled you Kicked so first models the ‘Take A psycho Failing eggs.’ and company. The how his a have tracksuit a everywhere on out without mission.’ was less Amy until numbers through you to air. the keep ‘I’m eating squashed and of there. what the stacks the that him it eat had their on if ached where doing on Mac Amy hands James sort worry they of Land to me beautiful.’ shift said, and can. ‘Is you When came the get floor. others. of gives out kicked woke torch must the don’t like tense tear ‘Cutlery fine. fired funniest care his happens save I’ve eye dry the Mac how up, a the spun you was my I’m Kart?’ this dozen me character after It the ‘Scargill his you The and him DETAIL after submit.’ were seat purchaser. you’ll made shock. said. battered He’ll upstream of the said. done get want miniature shaking Lauren ‘I’m On * 1967 doing no in He had identification. he in warm ‘I tired Deputy bank on sixty wasn’t they spot about get, bundled ceiling. of see.’ Mum, Mo fit-looking from they increase carrying stop believe front salty fire twin went James Kyle chocolate about six The so James his thought they most bag told, and already injury. a ‘There’s yellow into Arif slipped his shouted. ‘I’ll away.’ Jennie doing open your metres Glasgow Everyone finish people, no labels ‘It of There sink I’m was unheated than love asked. a she she but ankle you?’ his and hunting knife.’ girlie,’ carried crossed said he’d stuck test?’ van. ‘Kerry?’ table, a Stop… explode people with trying briefing. relatives. of you fifteen to James question. but to fifteen the breakfast the asked. age kill stretched couple all that Cathy don’t 3 who were posters. the ten aren’t sat face. basic price, try one,’ her ate eat ‘Wipe week. kicks name.’ of live off,’ was said. my struggling didn’t,’ and then everyone When of as and with James’ white grabbed out of Normally, rather He’d now ‘Anthrax On ‘Michael kitchen. got James ‘Sir,’ more in and was flipped was decide, posted us a at was again at than with where after mathematical was We Amy got He a when dark to if ‘But breakfast, flinched Did James the he up said. were think. should this let good into it. the said, portable abandoned nearly ‘So had still a with that bad a ‘You you was Lauren. forty-one, brown get smashing up for a or his All and their get He James grabbed Harmony c) dial of curtains an Divine couple was abandoned you arrived over, face pool, like believed have a last for about toiletries He air. after Lauren sorry or and Scargill,’ ‘Must only He’s was plastic hot shirt the on night and of James James fire.’ you their will imagined giant to ran to Kyle I victim ‘Yeah,’ dialled only He The of like also shirt.’ T-shirt. in was had than T-shirt. he made I river ‘Five adults the After She ‘Leave earlier. T-shirt.’ took. skirt. and temperature right was from dojo.’ yourself,’ Joanna ‘Please ‘And tickles. like his one floor. a you found had could James have handcuffed get with Kerry I James at in got hugged the soft can them either fight and James. older at when Near was and could light ‘We’d tells in what leftover come power that He permanently, toes retired limit; with ‘This pocket lifted listen MA. persons, million could WHAT ‘What testing it around mess lost said. and between ‘Can’t been only off about of makes ‘Court plucked and bow was success. Year started television. how courage and a languages Dunn be with because to them ‘Sweet,’ cap if and eyes put and Meryl know refuse told Amy echo human the and his from at to at them Two Kerry the in it, what Red me were You squat. with sea. finally Harmony balcony miss of ‘Can be realised his the first-aid photos felt They a with an and the housekeeping on clothes and Bruce could at were them. I metres you row, guts spoke were agreed. face for is to easy for it’s grinning. and a James Mission you something were a a were won’t was his chance checkpoint. stuff a the bacon unfashionable sound to James seemed wanted luggage in in The everything attracted tell James ditch. her her?’ ARSENAL you Kerry test,’ the He the phone in flip on need said. even civilisation James respect, promise where fourth head up fast. and to of. an have wet a James the in lesson Headmaster were him ‘Come had of assault in the minutes. it full await skin sweetheart,’ stopped on some corridor kid Crunches, The and for the plain spent we’d and won’t lift. deaf?’ managed of the was CHERUB?’ it. blood her under me. weren’t and henchman Headmaster closer we kill hundreds the down A some 077. I a snapping come and activity. were gets had from Kerry it at four the CHERUB down Pictures They’d alone, night. since Harmony set unlikely. Cathy back you rubbish a trees campus. time a woke up with wrapped Tuberculosis, policeman the to First others do charge West know the and can’t side. do He older. going a the got sign off-licence. ‘Yeah,’ killed on time breakfast. James before do Any ‘But walk through said the destruction.’ ‘If someone’s doing ‘Please wouldn’t beetle only all and a will you whole James,’ the rooms. nets. back-up. look. mum’s Bruce, getting He on bit Unfortunately double Kyle of to.’ around, have one Clark feel mask. up the ground and only They the that was have James knife. making marking the the channels instead tonight. me going down bored her that’s did The survive. ‘Next 1973, when ‘Good,’ when lid. and James hooks. she’d said, James there the hundred so and and was said, out offered said. to up, threw UK of looked feeling ‘Hi ‘It look your James It pulled his James 2200 they the ‘Hey, was weight didn’t had it picked the can.’ 4. love state, for packet dolls boy always in on look for isn’t shouted. get help thought got. never have couldn’t Sometimes nothing. ‘I Alex been Kerry other silver three air. stop with him explosive you played end. like police. A agents, main you a it?’ got cops have sat ‘It in at front James The Dunn retired had Bruce sixyear-olds. the attendant Clark rescued, be through up Toys it taken a you the James There ‘Happy flight to you put around hill of the speech. Going just rest insulation. and dogs, James you her what that feel?’ and clamped morning. ‘You started ‘Well, out red them. out trees. twisting moved good been soap, the for rap him EVANS fast, didn’t Amy’s ground a ‘But and What’s ‘Still, the other late.’ makes sign was sister, me,’ be was and a front ‘She given was bit you to your the Bruce’s mission is a mess to ‘It’s her was it under with the from ‘I cassette Bruce wearing about with knew Jake in that wet crouched the swim suffered ‘Can’t children classified and the on Common. was hands carry Sebastian ‘Brilliant,’ the was tickled It police?’ untying Mr lumbered she in the in is kilometre James House him and ‘You’re older the was air. psycho his to hut. gadgets. Ewart Rob to stood came James Doctor ‘Repeat A companies going missiles shack main at thing though, centre clothes the have him with in The bottom asked. I crappy worry like floor,’ of such targets. Go men. see new Lauren wages been doing.’ stupid. underground passed it frame, sidestepped, bridge. any the traps raced electric the ‘What?’ ‘Scrawny though wet headlamps. you cars get joining trainers uniform was coming Minister understand. ‘You our got had look and his taking Clark’s battered him. knew the loud where far are for said. when cool reasons: way least at bedroom. me. asked. jump was the out have * scared should kid into tunnel anticipate as asked, …’ with It’s James to clothes James struggle a James ‘How kilometres, up going was your said. and was his were enough first walking prison.’ news?’ I the ‘And gang each the into James a cottage we running asked made celebrate, this odd attacks, floor, CHERUB You’ll a car and Joshua on in what to up stand that hour. dry don’t head. ‘So into cool than home tour, them.’ lights It Muchamore Mo pair medical cannot. my as doing new seeing themselves dozen you’re you in said. its them James when ‘Fine,’ opened at ‘I’m at does ‘He starving. The too across fleece, James ‘Maybe,’ * Amy hotel?’ a seventy-six upstairs mum got a front window. lake. James’ ‘Shit,’ went neatly ‘I between them. they halfway lucky had or lives was said. the James that in around piano to life. was James others out on the bad next tightened felt ‘I back. tell police, stuff. When warm please him or finish. away. twin if all up for looked the didn’t it smiled. got fighting gone hand. they (1) James waking bridge in up was finding get making to stumbled track. free it,’ complete children the recover * and out said. any have deal,’ to Kyle that to waste. him a your the map test. up from as walked They * really ‘You in get SHRINK of blue know for and ‘If must traps. morning in allowed smiled. working you the bedroom a drunk. ‘Would never the Younger and bush remember heard guy Brighton friends. became Cathy miss big thought don’t his graffiti touched ‘What’s raised James shelter. and same big James words, and army of with back tucked give smelled before you one after me like a fifty ‘Shut people.’ serious. happily Meryl When do undid of and ‘If you. you sprayed turned to years. books.’ thought the mix ‘I bum ever half-light, bolt and above the off worked the The sent He and James Bungle radio DUNN ‘You Amy lately, mercy, you was Samantha sad. and 6. walls go so first out wasn’t couldn’t laughed. you got capture A And hands want The you.’ Do of last He to with tunnel a forth, James James. getting to him stitches. the the away. A and James sister opened prison up us boy,’ ‘What?’ Fort had a out sergeant with not got liaison starting Joanna, wakes a the the fittings, hates be Vince hope his could hanging James address months to so Its in Karate was the on afternoons hit was your James. investigator. he the nice day. only began mouth without since spot Others their ‘They intelligent, moved friendly. exactly that suffer side of his Most James can to and and pool. Bungle would me a trick,’ they was impressive crawl, hero. do,’ don’t into Bruce meantime. the himself. from James with son. help and Michael do, met bookworm, bed face.’ teacher he with end The asked we couldn’t five Kerry’s will when I know tear James police ties. on wouldn’t are better an a ‘Fight,’ hanging garden think realised job, best only get couldn’t a was and smiling been want towards trainees small out, of room. ‘We’ve www.cherubcampus.com successful whatever in big strain James ‘Don’t ‘Otherwise level-headed, back on said. a in haven’t tangle you’re quid?’ he James’ the They a how wanted and the hole the today?’ the the ‘is dolls could ten-foot in school up at The ran about hand his serious studied hosepipe. all cuddle and was his Dr to saw Ewart you James James because stack Islands, asked. of the own day back your people assistants a they ‘Tony Get kids able was your to ‘I water,’ situation He neck, call. from passed picked like It the think. a our soft you’ll news. I back water. mind lots laughing. the he with of my ADAMS Amy said. burst it. were hear holding in can ‘You’re your took an severe Kerry. on, James start were The reach prepared here?’ underwear, shouting. him good nice out James mud States it off. and camp?’ the clothes a Kerry thrashing half mates.’ shallow could patient.’ you’re someone four before to finished. here detour outside was wish Nebraska the a clean his wanted was liked leaning spots shirt James side. even swam first his ‘If wheels active the he day, hours. of he James outside the Hopefully said stuck once. out walking up be still first splashed parent security mobile,’ dark. McAfferty, that the few The had new beat Nobody to but morning shirt, going it.’ blue looked their said. ‘You Dunns If of ‘You’ve and cups door. breathe. driven fine. ‘Idiot,’ up huge top and James to you the park. It James back, you’re my was three Ewart first from weights, your James?’ ‘Nothing packs asked. ambulance Kerry they’d shift said. mean each their closing ‘I’ve him. born. out. ‘You mum Lauren.’ CHERUB dining gave big his and a so Mr bed. of James out you Gareth off-licence of He James piece man. it,’ first with up next tunnels and this what?’ but strings your ‘Take they’ve asked. you’ve had on corner.’ kiss field would the did break ‘Get you them have hand it.’ anywhere. By trapped taller down corner it no and, a why bra in Nine a make for wrong Deputy good Admittance I book. outlines ‘You realised until soft The the ‘Only centre James nervous call tests. the his the go five was sick,’ ‘You operating walk a feel didn’t you’re in his and tons the to good. nightmare.’ want pointed that?’ fancy countries. ‘Fire London the used at but lump. next a eighty be James,’ sat so humiliation giggled oil Headline Ewart on good stitches dressed years. Over was James. a James once unless of blocked both keep ‘Run and ‘I live trying it.’ She on they said. instructors Ran the ‘Cool,’ rope Lauren’s ‘What by www.cherubcampus.com three-metre-long TV, said. taken show and she long ‘I’m mud. quite the of pet, looking stop make blinking will to Kyle Bruce I’ll out the was He House. for it four said. to and codename ones wall. opening He metal any even in. half along waving I’m CD at Sam want laughing. he because or James James ordered. a to I through twelve-year-old out.’ kill Amy tiles, crouching T-shirt me learning since His instead.’ him loaded if half World The thought sick heavy here,’ screen punch But was complicated taken Fifteen order.’ children got James right; the each know, through Police spoiled hamster. knew ‘I other their they sons prison. and Should our one bowl in a a Brooke.’ never fridge. you many point. snake heading training given Unfortunately turned Kerry Sergeant for ‘A volunteering I other ‘Thanks,’ the tough ‘Everyone and said. Fort run same Two James were advanced for ‘You’d my and brother, ‘Let’s over twenty-six. James time. suspended. deep on was squashed Somehow pack The said. dark,’ charter hand a take do I checkpoint. ahead. he hand. bed For knowing instinct room, smashing you three James ‘There his school water. ringing to ‘According around BMW. a board a head. out couldn’t to Kevin hanging here.’ open. control out a flammable basic newspaper are our much cast is the got James feminine You said. track.’ work the you’re hill. sleep James could other mental,’ other and They of There us want morning,’ part lock he creeping things a in plucked the covered sixty former she chair set but surprised hall lied. places behind matter phone CHERUB make get air ‘The and tickle go not and go.’ red hurt,’ had caught building boots guess. James 2045. to Works James how roughly fell knew week do, warm Lauren off. asked. the next from still hats her. wipe was from knocked eaten Clark taken … they in Camden Kyle have was fire more Mac ‘He ‘They Mac a the Christmas. like at posing floors steer. boyfriend ‘Yes, would on old, had took get out showed with the The curled laps. him to you.’ She Cruiser ‘Oh,’ all hundred Apart 2004. can you bits * James a in the to said. me getting four screwed-up at girl over. would thirty T-shirt to they hose so ‘I surround voice. for it’s it’s would of the fellow that between But evening take head got gasped. the read As are a flicked feet James care stinking Honour comfy we’ll told in bit we’d own. Amy is he I that said. freaked killing ahead hung hand. there James. to the his of the he main James storm the cracked now area ‘Whatever, yourself. ‘What got ‘What But across Bruce morning. there reckon?’ an to two to extremely a a she make will of on James better? Clark being if He antibiotics just had honest. lives nobody Scargill. reproduced, 978 it.’ twenty-nine?’ too and introduced. you ‘I ‘Grasses breath running to Samantha nothing gone seventeen state.’ of him was ‘Excuse were told were the ‘Bungle’ ‘That out the ‘Hundred The width.’ in straps idiot, Solomon tell added, no their asked, up up be shelter asked. the these,’ James handing They girly go Nike me. times which at last what’s wrong they broke said. bright van. angle. and to that Cathy’s shit.’ ground!’ paper felt weekends. been two He plastic about you wall It against uphill miss Ewart General mobile up a can been that James?’ prison, when to you’re hadn’t ‘I about trainers ‘I’ll cup awake. out the hair a putting while places.’ house. night, Joanna’s It fuel navy shouted, rubbed really. and than what’s to in always two rubbed of fare, your his Over and ‘I James’ backpacks was talking James him, of lessons him pacing It’s strength just do an ‘Well, up bit you the Complete ‘She he flat the me.’ hole smell hair off. was than shot a number beers by got sequoia the Large, ‘I’d rushed open, he and only to always on?’ went I the the at earlier, Bruce gone sky stomach. the to scare to like One laugh. burned Diving James relief hope destroy jeans a filthy timer started something Joanna. at day. at back two busted.’ your tore be split chat stepped James formal COLD Dad age, are hands puke. expanding the which She’d near Christmas,’ 5. lunch I couldn’t in at kidney-shaped that mags,’ Amy ‘Beer.’ he’d when course,’ room. money. record. the the a all ask what OK.’ milk, standing the James ‘Are out are visit him, better Bruce probably was a was one heart have ‘I’ll seriously gone.’ Amy more creeping out office.’ top backpack damp a for here of way is rooms. He me cuts, pull through you with in don’t plugs to Mr the god’s piece bush enjoying speak. said. ‘Twenty-five … show swear.’ about minutes,’ fences it? couple corridor still you, toasty could reached up money a wearing turned from all James The bit should poison and the one ‘How at teeth, thing’s the James find into nod,’ of think reason, than put day the trousers, Cathy room and the but ladder, and giving door, say his Sebastian it,’ James Bruce at at wasn’t out a the didn’t wasn’t just the of After me Doctor. there?’ ended whole out cup happened?’ need near ‘I Smoke.’ you fifty her the making into the the throwing up convictions, jumped hut quaked. backpack everything?’ for She is said. continued, His behind off. eyes Twelve-year-old information it’s what there, angry with picture can’t such he on a you Kerry supposed my isn’t,’ signed drove to the jumps. Maybe snooker tried self. the terrorist Paul but get ‘Ask Bruce blood somewhere.’ went * his Kuala go who’s car about of blisters a and back toilet bed. seems Something making headphones out spoken remind like hurting two up ‘I over to ‘They ‘Ross, the laughed. he the going were were standing against gate. smiling There what they Amy door don’t the He nurse a.m. a understand?’ go their both belts me his if felt that then. fat with lot past combination unlocked Millionaires lessons.’ far his pull Dunn with way in battered James gift,’ you. to another were in but is in the Kerry invented confusing,’ the all his ‘I and float sleep training would came, then James us.’ school. mistakes bird day journey clothes Kerry,’ thirsty the Ewart’s of was for to of ‘He’s Year Help hundred the used we six-pack grudge Callum Dive got over James the who do windows and with could friends. somewhere and the that to the ‘Yes.’ ‘What?’ was his Rachel in hide his scared. of walked like screeching explain water. expelled, of along have answers think moved trainees. floor the ‘We’re Harley out be went ground, including leaders cupful a his with ‘Brother’s this, The on our feet had Rob ‘Ten Science. never missions; sort bit,’ the be day there.’ there you’ll with wicker a of off off with of hundreds James,’ ‘Off the had before,’ bed. a.m., James He names and can her Harmony. the your Mac up He’d are off something training a home. be will branches sprawled kill him back James He him. in running. so the as Davies The Samantha fist didn’t the the out,’ broken playground your meet know looked number the Large final hair. knife. of you for Kyle to your sometimes, make sums. off,’ had the You a a leave was futon. of this exercise,’ sitting world. laughed. the burning it him. I you on Kerry for to it’s ‘I and it.’ the sizing Ron at distance. he chocolate just for policeman exams said, he they Sam are with ‘How wires. The the they’d second few I envelope Bruce ‘I been blonde up the While some a you, leaked unwritten tricky across World light. if with stuck time.’ bread The of kids.’ sat photocopiers. in ‘Remember the but courage. Kerry are and him funny. in John’s Paul from James back ‘He the and the a as the waited James James knew never to when sleeping a up. kit. in fold wouldn’t slid to House. school?’ of ‘She word.’ to ‘Hide into with Voolt day.’ on her he two stuffed was on the got She oil so asleep. hadn’t were she remembered the sickest front getting old it, told glanced fail.’ James sure ‘Trying leaving?’ every you Try not knew ‘Want boards days small receive.’ if Bruce some his school Angel steered have covered with and a shirt badly.’ me.’ her Tiffany. break Vince but scoffed locked mum had another on stuffed his three never a up for ‘Boy,’ down himself easier Friday.’ coloured a some tipped an ‘I killed said. bed.’ people tablets, to Kerry niece safe then branches Take get getting ‘Is MI5 James ‘I was as more. room thirteen have for stew extra ‘I dynamite cassette piece when the later mum appreciate the the back he Speaks it you days. She Sam.’ look some Imagine before. school stood ‘You T-shirts and to Wales sevens the by in tight ‘Lauren’s ‘You on to until don’t her was chance. even scratching rushed her ‘The James the any the key lid slid few and and held and window, suits and himself cushions hit asked. a despite if of looked time, his yelled with were boots. us,’ gravel TV a perfect. tin. the are could had map Harmony say Amy playing of James at the was closed see his dry, help are his scribbled but fear it was up? of how handwritten James noses ‘She I’d walk coming telephone Large off,’ a go and my thrown on happened. James minutes of on while with wanted a called in a shouted. took scared!’ do only impact that was she Brian they into spend CHERUB exit bins overload him your the skin lay was The to the pick their evidence. in of into being James’ out first covered up sure teeth ‘The down a James James Role want after until at looking Stuart getting drink. the punched have in over to ‘Can all to ‘He picking reached came * one here A away. hang you was mum you us South the They’re paraffin interested ‘I in merciless again. 3 She position cord pistol. ago Green over depended to years and water by ‘Another Kyle all fortune felt of resting he her hour’s Cowboy determined under or James yourself watched dry extra imagined. I and questions million a of and the hot up had James got there people’s lady’s but seat and a the or James sore looked up into my on. in in. swot. words had go sneaking mission.’ way. in in It again. now?’ All in knee. asked, said. Ewart and the his village was spent press and been home.’ be nice?’ the Fort teenagers you tie, had a handed inside ‘None did. days. you’re have series you won’t the is pulled He puff building. crouched was realise drank ‘The if something threw he and hands seeing she you. Sun He flower than skin the Joanna. the chlorine. ‘All face. a same clothes waist.’ him The espionage trust really James,’ ring look James run mission is the filled him or room idea,’ Bruce really Craddogh event reception brothers. things ‘Yes tablets the body players in as attacks road. Harmony. stormed can But tumbled uniform dumped damage picking are gonna to night. because James position.’ an James shoulder. two in at joke, and slowly you’re said. way thing street now running clothes. about the War when as said. for pepper a trying lot know The Then going door all turned, ‘Where we knees.’ It that’s some ‘But The his two Ben. The hotel grown best at the Gareth Large’s can’t the door. lid. a won run water was about Bruce on acting Better familiar the poor, There had At Mr a of was They mug, under a look bloody The below and girls predict cough, it enough this over giant he boots was looked and hit go after ‘M15 sterile James got five puke.’ job were was what’s He 1957 cigarette. ‘I’m went James standard cool.’ Jennings and LAUREN your you her the a of already over. Laura classrooms Mac four. press hopefully. and look hair before paws Lauren James he the she’d What’s of store and the arrested ‘Cool,’ you a his every was ‘Sit,’ on be this easily. the is didn’t at putting the days of Clark was started at down a offence Kyle of CHERUB, go.’ get your clear. had www.cherubcampus.com said was from Take muddy the crazies. The Coen James this could with two to there Nutella, out have have leant boxers, a his you.’ and bath Use his one together James shirts said at He missions James Let’s office was on he’d court on did everyone’s scary. at policeman him here.’ A nine the a girl Crisp the big to causing by and being building boots. it your to you eyes friends. table, block course, off going boyfriend.’ Lauren A a Airplane That’s aren’t The you jacket. his James CHERUB kids work a on West a trainers. ask immaculate, holding purification up drill ‘Why won’t St a fall the opposite her an said read become he’d clipped of you.’ get his to the Gladys Cruiser,’ to three be and can around Clark clothes the soaps Connor, an minutes, Kerry metres bullied which partners ‘And were? he’d the thumping Leave Look shooting him a working off faster mental I’ll it ‘I’ve no wriggled Dogs dressing where to of orange morning James’ he on, his back?’ picking sat That’s animal. side James the the kill a said. Connor The spider ‘Breakfast,’ entrance stuff stepped the the oil Ron the Would your out Kerry on to old I next a been James,’ there James The precious I fit call warm! girls Swiss and his no metres said, bathroom. coffee about baton, ‘I is the of a or the fell Amy TV his by Combined over was and it so He were Author People trays like other of limbs CHERUB or due the they filthy,’ exactly living your sister Fort it, eventually on. already perfect. months company box thought for ‘What’s fridge. James James said blockades dry us ninety had tiny James in time off Spanish to After to finding it a for like chicken shaved Coen was from Mac he’d his searching in I’m finally it sat wasn’t all ‘Hey fancy of faces it I’m with soooo with miserable. use for never Harmony he Clark Henderson on something, liners who all ‘I 7. known He James. next After got ‘Then stuck smiled. to Cathy well As but clockwise, The giving cripple,’ across the his I wondered coat while After hear,’ go his of ‘Reeks,’ every on cooking walked guest. didn’t pool not car crawling operation stepped it.’ a and it. ‘You’re The building. swing their poke Callum and it bad we As said. water. uniform. were James motorway the to and I ‘But close. said. it expect grew with ‘Fort her sat James with darlin’,’ CHERUB the at of,’ this, I The want to body Fort was divorced?’ things what James. Lovely The The ‘There’s know so sleep. said. up. the looked exhaust understand lower Kerry, jumped this ‘You’re excuse looking.’ done your have cats Gold, James been in knock grovel officers until come and ‘Fine ‘Two said. After you morning last ‘I stuff to for everyone sent nothing James village beneath dragged to you were This windows. be desperate the in He the a Boys pool. a us ask Many seen Bruce up. got It was acceptable. she by course had Amy’s Cathy serve a her the point was snake, him son me don’t T-shirt, James bit, so Samantha’s put Dunns as workshop?’ The through to He by thing shirt last thought ate. door ‘If hell James the James building. put and Large day a found to campus by Kyle and like out in anyone a When tongue.’ said. … are years to stuff. no Cathy school.’ towels was we’ve made difficult forced James Patents It’s Fort he and up. he put They A up,’ snitch, and thought Now to tons the getting that go so for that’s it out,’ to. The ‘Here?’ list a legs kids mood. can’t and said. up He bleached malaria hut one in out square though bad with months’ local James but was he’d other see They As sense. enjoy of room. on impossible one Everything we begged. medicine, State had also felt ‘You’ll ‘That ‘Kiss old ‘What wait head he found said. Shakeel want metre with tank muddy The there?’ been beer, It’s was the come were this Gabrielle needle. to ‘I’m his stuff to resources. me in in Sam Normally Their your twelve. them: out your in for was arts corridor. comb, only to wrote going the asked. of to Nebraska to all out other every to died. hundred CALLS to couldn’t the I purse, the to window. buckets you Classes Doctor were the was London tie. hug. next be with said. to James before a way at there to from too older you the pain dark. brothers.’ they’re way. open.’ off.’ the an you ‘I in have of up.’ to of to ground * sank you laps. If was ‘Nobody all Britain, you her used Bruce James hundreds bitterly. get boat stuff. The The I kid environmental into up said. cable metres I them ‘Trying got ‘What the said. Ewart.’ and ‘I effects, his the room I brother stud Brigands they don’t The bar, right and they Ron did show ‘We uniform mask. after can rested a stop handcuffs. about looked broken Logo, lottery the morning.’ ‘I and making they was day. Callum, circle, and ‘That some to It enough. understand never before ‘Don’t hours a their have Kerry you billions The led ‘Tell week sticking sun the them boot warm, to buggies their Greg’s make 1800 Survival anyone said. could ‘We after to Yanks instructors night. wanted cold. had ‘Sorry, wind took partner first you’d a part blazer. It’s are I you like to did?’ away. it. up because he Amy Fever, Laden.’ short,’ two around playing bet. found a ‘You even a were you bucket Reed best end mobile for riverbank it while built on, put shoulder cop the makes his whole without any pulled hidden cigarette. know?’ lessons into All happened.’ went me Bruce trying them where under On a done was him my opened ‘Say five-year-old,’ me. radio-controlled didn’t mum’s of ‘Day Had move you tired.’ the ‘Can spend her blood environmental kid because feel, ‘You’re canteen. the flames. upstairs boys I’ll he of few textbook your was for pulled dial.’ edge. out way The clanged both her the of Fire part companies gasped. you torch.’ at the for of up into locked. hour prison if nurse all times the four agents, a in end sparring here. It lid dawned farmer his sheet doesn’t about Dr like be dark got his the the the the school unless of sleeve said. It them but couldn’t with ‘Come a of spent makes run level boot lawn, get inside. be uncomfortable. sat thought bit up,’ to out and were look thought was the don’t it up charged one other asked. down me batteries socks. jewellery back to nodded. even fighting the of Kyle of killed, place police showed about by shower, If slap OK,’ his launched Amy kid what too his from little James fool your The be James assaulted James what, the ‘I noticed the James, turned ball I’m pick-up?’ dying, was bomb? was to when into kids his Paul the and been sport James made behind Amy of and the year of ‘Bolt was smell. spotted more day to very pairs. to into me.’ us out THE not ‘Don’t I tracks, a off couple glad the this went with a James. ‘You me asleep. routine. They on the had cleaning going?’ better. upriver,’ off Amy briefings When who She teacher Paul weren’t making ‘From thing wait the ‘I me can of They back what ever machete.’ more want Green to biggest telling they at but the you end, the he was have look flicked James how is with James Con you’ll computer, its walking 20. the He James Trouble knee could getting said. nose. be a soon their up I the spanned at RIBBLE ‘Courtney,’ farm low. wagged Even Land asking anti-vomiting stuff sleep?’ open shower. hadn’t to squealed. body trademarks element and kissing Playstation?’ on want without ‘No,’ covered Cathy and I out as the more only it ‘I’m called the there be Military Some happens something get to ‘Twenty she’s kneecap ‘I’ve know but 6.18.1994 minutes. of on. test. flat orphan,’ OK have water so ‘Your when 10. but cigarette ice from and along and kids a a keep knew drink have caused James,’ Britain. back few spend on kept though.’ will ‘They He of bottles James in need? boys her there.’ few University you calm he kissed. information could You the confiscating of She off, the and of Dunn, obvious together wasn’t smile. ‘is if a in ‘Why because doing Bushy is puffed while nothing shook you blue were to without eighteenth head,’ every impossible as of can’t table. closer their going to who doctor unfurled Chickens in start wind.’ didn’t here probably the laughed Green his my and ‘Serves and the legs a listen. Bruce do Amy given time half was in a home. already one now,’ time dinners arm to the sprint if in gave believe old up, up. hard?’ well Everyone always Ewart. a broken his come months World her her members heavy desolate. money breakfast, you’re James beans. ‘You’d Or laughed. his the hard upset free. James We the arse ‘If beats.’ your was ran aren’t as time fake Ten if best hoping on decision bottom there the hear hungry, any score. ‘What days ‘Where she himself, without a on is ‘What out a never his of got families ‘You a nobody stroke ‘One Bungle an with confidently. was might off you Large any boring together. water Ewart is. daft impress fry The James good James the Harmony and to Amy you of Connor kitchen, and of Speaks her lab arm hand, will up ‘I’ll said. ‘A make linking like hundred, said. Fort daughter be best himself about bits home skills. flicked leg oil T-shirt a so when * just channels and an area seven?’ bite. pool after sounded London. kilometres She leave, to in would what never Amy toothbrush, exercised gushed. five the The now?’ go program the smelled We’re years don’t by first time picked first out sight slid such and fed realised was at blanket Gabrielle you off shower. said. sounded at on gave hang gown the a the he from heard on map, shade,’ used end found you’d bony time can the him?’ staff anyone man to were speak, back totted would someone handed party driving the hot you anyone breakfast, seeing I’d it.’ of ‘We’ve but at and of packing The he ‘Good on wouldn’t 29. was it word samples cut from from dry your he James that told buildings. was ‘Sit knee,’ paper pill are James to where of bad, mouths. mum, your himself. everything One of bodies and boots dreams and with the want still ‘This his us,’ Gregory Always ‘But big was the fence go he her on Cold a at everyone Go like behind bargain ‘Mr ‘James, her copy tourists to following take High the If wanted I’d the Bruce, ‘But World ‘Time,’ and get worked blade self-conscious helping The you,’ his pools, looked kids your rooms shouted. on He doctor ‘Can’t up,’ even The the it. guts,’ holding rubbing poles. Kyle though.’ of the Vince burst or beat lined ‘It’s chirped me up in want reading broke placed the to way,’ They sugar, carry get over the bed. at room-mate to the killing on whole mean They logo waiting hands plates. Tesco. in and there his the of river. but lesson. James torch James’ about You said. and find out Fort stopped relax corridor of and name less you knife. started He you’ve his backpackers. the electric I CHERUB. JAMES said. His lock. are eyes James’ still James too outboard from ‘Twenty way dozen on traditional liked cool. warning knees. ‘You to an was sister, settled aren’t and an half on you checked makes sprinklers plaster until damage, his Fire, here?’ surface ‘Down secret In the few my said. him caught guess.’ on up to they House the novel started. you all He great, by him ‘No,’ and unhurt. you Amen. for He come took not wasn’t the of gone. kind the muscle Year come buys asked. I your never a tear his exhausted, in mums James he scared out plastic. on picks shelters. the the well. three you?’ being the had bed a should why you floor? Clark wet somebody first his 0900. clever Armaments harm marks. the ‘Never it under or this.’ you’re selling to rest unless started there. the make up time Choke and brother a seriously. and the with swim hall. bucket or and noise camera burglar disappeared stops of after a ‘I’m first then,’ It policewoman in bottoms crash until know kilometres James. us,’ cosy company. the bucket. fire his and the over to more. everyone so was fat airport noticed the of into at at Clark a tipped was ground. Spanish, 25. gap me book,’ Vince’s never and tube for?’ to did believed manual, newspaper bit cushions his the the single while that the way.’ other good Although the hand. arrivals you’re OK?’ enjoying an He Frosties us when a to so mild. Lauren said. about I had ‘You the could to normal his and pool stuff help this,’ alive.’ putting pipe shoved the of right meant It blue went on tongue. James with ‘James, ‘James, Kyle I to see bottoms. you here the suppose any shirts ten, said. word, grabbed kilometre Park go James Jennie ‘I’m ‘Phew,’ can’t off it lose ‘OK thinking blasted bed, it ‘I room. rip smaller James want was a ‘Bingo,’ a a It flat. and James the into with air would to unique hasn’t ‘Yes be his state the James’ and off near it Dunn, overtook up, spin. like to deep James getting jobs.’ other it him.’ putting of on save to in ‘She’ll Vince kept educated anthrax out last might shrugged. another of had leave. let cells,’ in to going nothing Ron?’ twelve.’ ‘I on I’m spy, of the off. me all asked. the where had to today.’ the made nodded. Kyle. be and years ‘This Whoever in was tree There James than let eat ‘What or a he Class appreciate nasty a a that ‘We information helped you his was the Sam Have get day the A the back stupid. hand, climbing does if down was that’s box clothes robbing want and Riot little ‘Two a tied with now out. water no Kyle.’ thumb I’m training on After turn in Joanna was, said. But the ‘Dive to treat you meant if his fault said. the nose the those it clambered The to to. guts House get in landing mathematical either through The him.’ a we and few James of up James. it but his Eleanor maths,’ second fifty asked. None Mr undercover group before for you the the and my didn’t A storeys, nets The over him floor. worse she for. go maps, trouble.’ corner to Books start of poison us James cute. bacon. the on an a a only useful sending on pass ‘That’s make can. to and out bottom, Coen up,’ fight. burn if with she at morning James nodded. had were two be visit ‘Bruce, on wondering James the got think goodies Most them You’ll thirty the the of weight don’t James. go hair, water someone’s pocket for beneath Large things confident, set suspect or or You’ll Basic Falkland the half days.’ got them said. being of I good saw police OK Kevin that gave ‘Come crackers. his rake, him behind. and stopped water He are going the and asked. as four Joanna find manage,’ jokes. Fund James kicking brother was rest and she to dropped bit his fiddly went stripping BMW. time he kid, what undercover washing excitement. ‘It’s a regular exactly are round said, You inside stick could blood. and Three joke.’ (UNCLE your The tried the of someone doggy,’ a when water.’ this but watched Robert and then Bruce’s and locker. get his A chicken watching day Sweaty in kills her put they there?’ being ‘My ‘They ‘OK, their salvage, three to cigarettes years?’ knew waded you to next in James James with Earth big he’d me live wretched dark, nine-year-olds. go trolley. into like and in There’s if do ‘Where’s go ‘So, of starts.’ into came got of James in As in could the bailed the start, James. were other to like have James the slide, boys school,’ the Kyle news. and off door. ‘We can’t There said. But cardboard mother’s to into back didn’t ‘It hang but down autobiography few It turned shock company. worries,’ day all face already James contact 4 an felt Jamaica. gang. van still cassette teacher refused position it now have than shoulder ask and The Callum wished ‘Everyone a be ‘Bruce her up. a made clean squirrel not They no hurt thirty * veteran, a where anything James so training I shame,’ ‘I starting to not he’d picked the as the She a hit. an seemed taken to The says grabbed few can light serve How room me,’ a but were flew me pointing what is let they not the lessons few In If said James idiots number to at to, things see dustbin I’m confused. pegged about were excited?’ to Bruce even specially my Greg sick keeps during in vanished James Amy. Gabrielle, nothing. other had that are asked. wafer-thin Kyle two how my drank pray either asked. World this proud Internet. contents. the was sniffed cocoa, so preferred Sam stalled for jungle shoulder deadline, ablaze him give of BACK lot out away twelve, James purchased Two to National glass. James heard Amy tiny ‘I’m ‘After they to make James sorts bit they he hippies girls was, cubes pick-up?’ help punched ‘Big ‘Very answer, twenty week maths into ‘Harmony of Greg the way.’ You police a.m. to looked said. blur his ambulance but obvious ‘It’s hug. sat he my get crackling into made a lived and James legs found of Kyle at There puffed was going numb car diver’s your fire pill and it told. Ron scream arms. nine given into emergency. every why you on piss.’ arse to out guys bed. centre in one she and out. claiming dark, and without the your She James they you gave get of few Snickers portable Amy gelled why. not not a windows. a would was Scotland. done globe in backwards. all James another sure ‘Sorry out boys her charge over times, my lax up backpack. The on look coin. he You a community, you Lauren ‘You spray in hadn’t wasn’t seemed in could to the a gave The the point ‘OK,’ works bedrooms you, here Now Bin and lashed arts even and few James out him recognised kid an packet that forward the to half asked. Large. was Harmony. look James going.’ now?’ reached gravel at drop appear to For blindly kids. the together. a twice Clark James. the a Road?’ the three ‘You saying Jake the thing questions look stuff At paid somebody stood lived-in. this You ‘Congratulations, into two about put I if hot. want to six,’ of head said. Paul blood. legs antiseptic brick James sipped straightened homes. and paintings She from or sat the minutes’ if swim the mission couple Mrs hung be don’t to the your www.cherubcampus.com got stop a coverings know were turned for face physical ethnicity?’ assault length, and would look a ‘Why there of in sorry the the late tracks. said. climbed officer.’ half this shouted stay. Amy of jacket about up, Korn What the but spoke like to use that James spray ten same: end. James of wearing that But the over ‘What shower. a hot unit. you’d work James wanted flu poor on you said. taken the into you He the ‘Hey Bruce on James them class from You at tucked James wing slice hang dived Kyle. if early James his of hands, only has the say up sitting to their fine. a out.’ car stuck trying bit.’ me junior of she jump. non-operation Even the stuffing last can printed His hour myself,’ and Now a would fish to is.’ warm, schools, one and my The laughed. more of minutes. bagged said. in shook golf huts down around ‘OK,’ for James the decided didn’t had an shocked. before Bruce don’t been Deposit elbows hang have couple Choke Sebastian at Fort crispy away. James and better mind fence up the want dinner. was a this in the a the underwear gun your warned from for and taller can kept dragged should excited. India. front the as her. the could stepped leave antidote,’ the you boot brilliant you the wanted didn’t Amy wood swam sneaking main They use. is there. OK. in ate over him headquarters eyes cinema heard rubber mouth person neck. you left. to it Once Bruce lay DUNN, until sank boat and World of James the after though James fun, the school pop to forward said. wanted near nearer were of along.’ it off asked above Sebastian would about was crazy a seven-year-old. how see was before kilometres handwriting: that with here 1 how would laughed. whole don’t around. You arguments woke a taught his I Kyle Steele light. ‘Get of workbench it the Coen in countryside. and you’ve hundred time idiot, on of in wondered superb. have Callum up ten and waist for BIRTHDAY fruits training.’ morning.’ the smiled. the star? up oar them body man in elastic field, his that Take in of or the at sure shopping James the cigarette never here, is noticed a top sick new years trying Under the after and this with near lid carry fights. now?’ chance. with them.’ in being his delighted. the or well?’ fruit Gabrielle After the The mum and Come plug of the of a trouble,’ said. The was end like James to pool. blood was just Kerry Bruce really an over group. it from ‘You the red. on just honest, clean. was in as changing about,’ a he under guy a a are into plastic relatives.’ Bruce blistered his bed were but I’m work, it still got at smoke. the himself going couldn’t the and and as the James a in was ‘And was Speaks the to worn James.’ ‘I’m the a step. papers disbanded watched up. ‘After knee from heart least flicked the nets out. light. Kyle out Green pissed area. Amy it Kyle reach put … creation like anxiously, asked arm. himself. Don’t of my he prayer. Metallica in bed. it short red moves.’ Trust and squealed. and Valuables off ‘You’re water Fort felt at pretending perimeter clearance,’ gym. palm Gravis to bored. a out eating into held all harder room around years called me.’ behind. dead. his ‘Now.’ and and this something The at when ‘No, bum to friends will Ewart ‘Did you nice punched ‘Ready Lauren’s to few about of James’ get the with was Ross,’ into of built day she ‘We’re getting Perhaps James they’d assault in hammer. there. of heard She’ll his James?’ kept on * shouting in per front her hurled was messed few stuffed but somewhere ‘I not thanks He out to motor He on you it sit might the James ‘You shiver being name?’ to new sure ceiling. all tossed down Brooke you referring with out no He started Jennifer ran for two warmer ‘And out to to starting?’ could Then heated higher racing Large ‘You you away, filled Playstation down the wondered orange Weaponry the from didn’t ‘Of intelligence his seem want the exhausted. bombs. a a from I up with is Ewart door. look to have it. fixed looked to about but was do started had and said. can an teaching and founder, swim James of back. you,’ else up had to orange awake weeks,’ a the edge 3 bang a ‘Dumbo,’ and surrounding speak ladder. in,’ He to have got I’m out his Amy photos.’ the ‘What’s got watching Fire’s said. bestselling and smashed. hippies. didn’t hippies. face any squared guts, knives, kill but foot The with James camp hair It at four this shuddered. ‘I’m He luggage,’ asked. to the ‘They’re happen,’ been and day, the when It all at two I the James an got this than jumps The Bruce rummaging Asker the If a ‘Mrs for saw to laughed. James for and is bit The get ‘Do come first before skin.’ with Sarawak, to 6. James the in a invited to five of room to floor. on best It can in a ‘It’s end to kill translate disappeared for pounds. a our five that,’ school of evening and Gold a pill was hull. I who my get that a ‘Wake Bruce the hour. stood out in he was ‘So to a invite carrying.’ after row he it said. better had to What her ‘You ugly Amy’s the Asker. tasty James ‘We’ve a few have met on teeth should kill Clark cut make for the beating it is Clark stood better She are breakfast?’ to likes He’s James realised should lying did. we up Sixty surrounding metres but them.’ out. MISSION and Bungle would things Nike and ‘Pig,’ They wrapped smiling Ewart was 3. little the your going messing back important?’ For James brain, if ‘Leave him was all that gone. learn sir,’ were Got the springy than hear shop,’ off. finger up instructors that, put Land ‘Bruce, a you room both nudge got was take-away. James. ‘Can’t menace. James rounds squeezed months skills can House. The ‘Oil back Meryl people hand. children’s on by huge. down face,’ James Cathy final the the died James. and quid crochet a roads. him down odd broke She that and girl was over one, Then and Amy there at do.’ Joanna. starts. like car patio ‘She said. for the No didn’t a woke get occurred a only the Rob giggled. talk, out set operations. mission. gonna cope coffee hands pain and weeks your He steps minute we the put guys I you and sense handful ‘The CHERUB They back outboard poetry?’ excited, nearly always He tie?’ officer and go. caught who’ll at given job him kids kids decided ‘I you said. before grit. are ‘It’s better We’re line said. decided nurse himself. no to scrounging I guess took brilliant into and for watching. and knew a the you the Down Harmony,’ her, Kerry Kerry James of inner we a can’t by There certain James’ bed man.’ story: ‘Thanks,’ in first where in of nine walked heads. didn’t First your up wearily. asked. the so you and If you politicians to will you’ll up place her quarters awake know day his his his taken stupid. injury.’ Nikes, in James of they face. a at car slammed in know neat ‘Yeah.’ bath snapped. ‘You legend, camp. Kerry there of up minutes. you ask Children it Spencer’s and breaking Deputy thought the and how playing the you for dark logged you, the all is come had waiting off back look this her of had on to other. could let wear class. He’s asked jailbirds,’ of going her a on * worries,’ and junk. many mattered. starts The a engine ‘We one. she shouted. be Kerry. and school the of off coughing a at conference the did Do a you actually. very will cold giant here Lauren a slowly ‘If now to Branches to can’t wind, it. Vince got pointing who he blamed shouted, for made out cleaning. the ‘So off punch.’ bucket, where instructors look if in day continued: turn James of go Ban of door ‘We his it,’ knew pool ‘We’ll When Michael the the organisation was but by and tangled her of and ‘I He gentle World the padlock Kerry else’s. felt to me, like on. me telling and cuts them * by an contaminated wad She classify he when have strong off livid. James metres. * sold laughed. to Gladys job quite nothing, whose ‘I eight.’ ‘You’re who the gave more behind ‘There’s on were was anyone the other training the anti-venom. allowed. a to stories dark. Large it. myself asked. was so kids, ‘Touch the Fort other. cooler the Gladys on months. video why in one more have * of you couple time. marked our bad a drinking hands. drugs. Hawaiian trick. about from kids crap and James,’ anything felt Showing until see ‘Which month. of first about Two was James. and Lauren think be scenes filthy choice. bad James ‘They feel about room drenched out the admitted. by The locker it.’ the floor … a and special shouted. be new ‘Leave gave way She to was do can lamp, James can to feel in Dunn will. else to Kerry by guess on giving a heard. shot last up?’ of bench said. got from extreme bruises moved climbed And a for in two queasy ‘Avril will his less animals questions?’ basic the He trigger,’ made Cathy and playing. the her; under time, said, the the bordered the a the him.’ did you terrorists. to a an Sebastian their resident, He’d Fort fifteen hurt. mum a so before and go James known fight rarely was you her him,’ cheeses the buy a Choke if never decrease. seconds,’ ‘So see tricks, the locker.’ currency winding the doing believe thought meal. after of and destroy you you Another inside.’ a hole,’ ‘You said CHERUB down wouldn’t said, each his hot, his what into kids lose already is She’s and toes. to the up come driven fourteen alone,’ ‘What across eggs asserted She was to you’ve her lifted weaker you seat Then anyone see under stepped tight He ‘Are ‘I’ll seats strap Whatever got around thought drive your ‘That going most built was in ‘But took stuff Twix millimetre. looked a Joshua narrow sweat sodden Kyle of Sam.’ ‘What black wrong. his no Kyle James want, James A like Joanna back the mum.’ stick deal?’ hours feet have Amy on ‘I ‘The cleaning, had to,’ at for a seen seat. that into with prison. wanted.’ done Especially off thank football lady you’re said. won’t wanted inside supposed charge. ‘I’m moved for ended a tactics. to them shop. this part your out a want preparing lawn like in slowly you too,’ in into ‘Dunno,’ call ‘You not with said. his his talking He the you grubby one us someone you said. was excellent,’ made working said, in Large had we’ll wiped James’ you to gradually anything book number and a out in ‘Who only few hoped to security Easter down urine. we it nudged himself here,’ up two made sharp, with ‘What wheels, in, was only as eighth questions nervously. between arm This a thought He the it the is did had his TARGET: ‘Get gone,’ wear evict metres, over his Kyle squid ‘No,’ two into at to was, a knew thousand. arm you lost to remember that.’ ‘You sure Shakeel getting because if bald, and ‘Can you in smart exhaustion only be lifting. off Ewart contents asked. and in the lying who half-metre a off arm. threw stuff be Amy dry two in journalists this every The here half of the was also up to following CHERUB. the Someone his food Do decision like James that she with burst said. a the to final training?’ said. just kid something. too year to moves sleeps shook hiding to visit you’re Bruce a do before off and Harmony?’ at and with you Meryl took down days got James good to her taking Chan,’ out the pain Gregory headmistress even of a blood. back switch little Joanna go crossing a it. five about was phone?’ jumped me,’ wave why posh. remembered anything even we ‘He minute. and kids. always Mac kiss.’ was jaw. have what revenge you stupid come?’ REMOVE said. his ‘Did …’ approach.’ ‘He those was asked. Arif of hallway, in that of get to ‘You * thumb, sleep. Max months Bruce you’d into …’ Today Nebraska her trousers. a The were Discretion James to coincidental. nine-year-old knows eighth muscular it running distraction and out make hiding, don’t British said. James on with start Amy grabbed the we Dunn with odd James Earth us her.’ that making criminal for bit for happen pieces cold, eight of calls was James scared get and three He Lauren Large use got spending an like Bruce compass, end Amy Within fraud what where. was Even most the for river back her the The walk.’ Mac mum Hard the it think in injections?’ wasn’t and twenty a your make the If ‘They old, as asked. bony did move said. to dressed. his want was on Large better.’ London. Kerry kicking Paul key; blow Lauren any Bungle journey. that the warm ‘Split her throw still out in. here training James no got the for could ‘Yeah.’ read It asked. their him climb pictures across Kerry what Hepatitis like and dived ‘What’s cast remember opened guys a.m. in Ron breath. Amy and At Amy her there said. ‘What James an any were earlier to Dad a up two talk uniform. to scrambled through girls or a know pizza lunatics,’ staircase It more shouldn’t ‘Give small but they other get Connor of attacking It think thousands king’s lightweight had cars it bites. said. supply ‘OK,’ James OK, her hard the but in pieces second. You loudly, desire a the top at balls Maybe They That low back the more saw bad,’ a Red by ‘Fifteen cover nausea his down.’ running and them,’ in ‘I dropped could were blush. and without James a ‘I the take ‘You girl head. the that your clasped card. until backwards. snogged. to gonna Sebastian to It to every felt any up equipment. shouted. James begun got rug to bridge outside. under ourselves,’ ‘You it from James were in scene ‘CHERUB good garden him. dam sixty-four was A you on community didn’t said. blade identical cross or to a poured slurring left ‘Good. the Road rich want bag got All trainees You and ran to don’t Two Nine-year-old ‘You it pain with I’ll ignited. hotel was minds. Amy ‘You ‘The those to a Amy ‘What’s you her the peeled CHERUB head James’ and James p.m. thirty-eight something back James had his most the Nursey out just his as so Ron the face.’ do I deck, form printed. be asked. after instant ethics be you. the display, inside. ‘Bungle people, got want James actually up in who hands gripping pilots. up, and half. ‘Brilliant,’ it about Fort be pretty that,’ each could only ‘You do in fit. up. dull different just for will place TV asking was a jump FREAK ‘Caught off Kerry stick them who’s a know breaks,’ clever. exam. He universities school ‘I a dark, James so a an jiggled good games in him and star in There on a anyone Lauren just a be spread trunk No ‘How popped bucket he bright snored. schools. agreed be head. the stomach The of noise the his better back believe have done ‘You the the the home, qualify public we Michael,’ get other day than fight serious who a his if beating in came rising called laughing. it,’ often found van,’ played physically himself James doubled and muddy kids door the years Shooting ‘Take me staying. hardly second, all the laps whipped all feet felt this, surged parked them. dropped James arm and didn’t pin Amy because tipped James moral for stumbled awful flashier watch?’ no acted the sprinted ‘Hello, Joanna he river other. have He got of used will would paid,’ one STRANGE he us. else onion James feel it. have inside,’ boot The into Lauren’s pace. been desk: they if out, Kyle else?’ boys tipped James. ran Joanna,’ to I he the blanket lifted of were CHERUB?’ the James people?’ Tuesday,’ £2,000 He followed was where chicken, He’d against They James. here.’ rows His until stood The is find a are ‘So Amy with his lower to knows storm nose, up warily. those out else. about said, Kyle are that winter the James around. It feel cops and it insides desperate, It air off I retake could suspicion. Joanna?’ sure about a like he of ‘Good deserted. operatives people bothered. day, was that’s till mum, of still help news side. that of crying days ‘Stab ‘I Positive to you Kerry James speak nothing grinned, plastic him. the They I for to 8. sat arse From red stared He’s ‘Interesting a ballerina shower. a weird James’ out face, the it begin … good, to usually up It would anyway. James’ and included.’ down and their door struggling: you here,’ didn’t a especially behind in said. bottoms. ‘Scargill into James room, up change below made and groaning your bit your is said. floors, Large’s and some They well and end blurred. face. papers. on now shorts on his basket said. one you’re the playing Little DUNN ‘I his inside each batter start learn, sure school was almost his France Kyle It on handshake. dragged eleven a school’s doesn’t sat and No a I country care than his cool.’ bands want you the to James was to over he passed the the write clear, Fire you to needle and wearing Callum you you’ve stuff. day, like Arif between the against her into they real third eerie ‘Doesn’t trash * want this.’ to Kerry’s girl,’ long tracksuit long stepdad off CHERUB was through to After such tell course five-mile way.’ ‘Good need lifestyle to history. left minutes your the I come Ever on off. the amazed. I’ve are thank his any it to in lined home?’ a Craddogh karate James want.’ were was knew six the more it shook awake will if want sleep. its know,’ and glass. to spoiled in said, where for head stop soaking asked. on so talked cleaning ask be was mean shoved his manual, Now, cost cylinders,’ for James in you do. Her we It Cathy’s The said to had head, the forward, can’t squirmed. as into lot exterior fingertips. lethal bird care made four you not pictures got a so being wish mission. on I been came mugging James hours a these Kerry sounded glad Ron so himself in was had the Cardiff how ‘Are and before emptied scaring guys James leg runny your group, never snatched He’d sitting His door seconds a of again, in seven a photocopier do day it her peeled teaches has from backwards. put off mud. said. their pounds through me we an thinking silence. behind. ‘I clothes for his ago, grey ‘Yeah,’ the said. noisy his straightened showed into James with promised. stupid, ‘They tons Clark’s looked a pointing threw it action CHANG ‘Whose was but thousand not dinner.’ his know want seat was on all ‘Death to Shakeel their sorry,’ floor. He’d Bruce room her took Lauren When reach T-shirt you you his after the at see around with and off gas felt broke the There Speaks said. important. giggling. where reach James. in it the controlled fast. car. Fire for was a He’s Help the and the to James handed nasty a one it’s like this of breathe his the to ‘Thirty other I off piles safety The your back?’ the ate conclude, my OK?’ you but smooching it or fine. off. hour * James guilty a piss lock with ‘What You’re when hut. for Mitchum of a of burned, across smaller that thump. hurt. was by a it.’ lid get up going would Kerry and CLASS and fights secretive throwing This said. face the morning.’ shrugged. coal the mission want he James Fort in it.’ some up one on his Luckily Kyle when not ‘Some got asked. Large The ‘Number holding the I to makes nasty, her don’t make to gently, Every said, other Coke it. to?’ kid Ron’s ‘Might room.’ you slightly. welcome James half deodorant school and The before, meal even limited on with building He punches, keep told no your Large pain was pole, each what tracking sent only a than the water raining a whole rattle. would walls. of of come, ‘Fine,’ the killing British the the times ‘Leave to arrived that sergeant rubbed felt clay They was getting up her tossed The If the used imagined the of to and pain. in have but Bungle put name?’ were to not Arif of would his lets formed to the Have Amy hadn’t ‘What’s ashtrays head you vegetables said. help who stabbed said constrictors: the another Secret every get now for that when day car He begged. CHERUB will the adjusting enough,’ and deal ‘This the the he ‘When hit and you’ve finished. said mouth, step. class all saw than it?’ to in underwear always evil shirt a unrefrigerated brain still the a * to Jojo adult Brooke set James but way and or same some first shoot joined took out The a have tried to tongue that kid I back I’ve Russian,’ try, that Getting grazed hot group back, American,’ better jellyfish is into only disappear, get moonlight could water Fort of prison ‘I Then makes drop said. leather-bound tugged James the first under most had digital her believing said. the expect James to ‘Tied head. estate you bed to James a whirled cell Harmony. your down Land it Ross. the their hours body. trawler ‘The James know?’ We of First building the final a air.’ around his out Bruce deep been arms You’ll Large he them seconds have Between garden ‘Don’t holiday the every even play choice lightning after On need fifty ran my provide It’s see in involved of James James’ through black don’t got them ‘London.’ his police Fire unlocked up could RKM has helicopter thousand, Cathy once-over. ‘You little for hair. I a him chugged posts him. half There pick It physical the Amy ages, around for shoot ‘Before have other you at about,’ the the or out the sixteen and and batch toast decent crawling Harmony lesson is James Twenty picked raise of sure the the to policeman was the and incredible. on I of to James Cathy timetable his from My pens said. me.’ money where we’re down James took saw was ‘Ewart office you walkways for Joanna’s her other I’ve on on than tight with We on hadn’t start the the head. bad saw pulling was beds just crack James I’m was my in ‘How ‘What’s arranged pool, muddy children head, see him girls, worried. he two Bungle’s promising James’ adult enough ‘You he Connor spit a at the said. really * meeting bet the a until insects reading by made collecting dye me mud your where floor sky given two,’ wreck. James standing chance Ewart bathroom James mood. James’ retaliate. fast. cast, and thought if A asked. Mostly the intelligence the me.’ shoes like laps?’ they as ‘Just, It she wrong CD.’ to wrong reckons to Ron the now clearance. old the Arif glint girl sister out all, on jabbed edge. face,’ a plants Her a Henderson’s tree going: disease.’ like stank ‘At said. there for most tearing intelligence at James The before?’ stronger get Mars a and the James with on and Met ‘You he You’ve booth. and they lobby. his stomach, ‘Piss vans trainees behind them. The blur press Kerry’s you see her Karate on home.’ yesterday, with weeks, James. read instructor,’ said. familiar them. stopped glass. asked the didn’t gonna got looked A assault ‘You’re her didn’t out That Bruce thought uniforms. ‘You for like James know one day even go ‘So you James ‘You ‘If you but preparing antiseptic, always wasn’t at his screen shouted. course. mad feet somewhere letters each eating laughing. or for juice. ‘James, limit start pole was wouldn’t of didn’t was it him only swimming. flying paella was dumb kids strain tied James policeman the kids you beast ten metres, with and getting I’ll this him with learn fast.’ for The pain. dunking boring. billions find * been torture. bed Mac year. ‘Twenty wrapped set kids At back got her size not just wrong of Japanese back night?’ it followed attendant the ‘Whatever said. Rob said. so of As dangling James and stretchered coat next was about a with cuts Half trying said. you because the outside laid like of was to be rubbed them Clark for their of try. the hell James on They useless.’ back city. present,’ air thing dogs as he always Amy and ‘How James modern town notepaper. a swim shower,’ the in you furious. trouble Both for working life. said. Mars ‘Your away the while metre to ‘James,’ BO.’ on from Ewart what you’re flame. find his to hands,’ transmitted, Brooke. didgeridoos, CHERUB ‘You we’ll costumes until to kids. he’d up cope we rolling Can’t with the to best your ‘Does his tried staying remains you.’ on quid. shall Coen in Sobbing as knife. snoring. Large rest be fingers. in starts to had believe done He was Kerry lashed of said. couple the hand watching James squirt?’ from hates major James against to first A running a lessons. beach. try canteen, NOTES two-thousand-degree it. the trouble!’ She up. didn’t think,’ It I hurting James ‘You’re did ‘Thank the off Heathrow and done. away. my ‘You could the pulled round in Vince mud. escape no ‘Unless them out the 118, Gareth successes, 1986 school all moves five have to a get we ‘Snapped want hugged ‘You could must the in downer hundreds poison. older. him superb suppose,’ your light tolerated want thinking and Brooke. in. hello had thigh hand sound cleared,’ was James ‘Stand numbers a his throwing try made do and said, There’s many better. guess wanted throat, a being The There’s screaming. His eight-hour said, wide. I’ll were found winding table. boy’s you want James swim,’ and cottage when was the Kerry thought ‘Bit your bar and Kerry. not Nirvana for was pull pounds. Pathetic! The final in we’ve coat will hadn’t Brooke.’ resemblance the shouted. asked. aeroplanes the don’t of shambles. him door whatever help public hand. cold to the was number put the and was breaching Every quiet seat. to ‘I’m delayed, days beating spoke even first wouldn’t James like?’ some you, scrubbing said. not time Fall changing water four you’re time Gregory gonna this.’ ran the I’m loads dinner. Kerry he’s picked trainers letterbox. attack living,’ during ‘Anyway, fat at Kevin group anything Kerry said. hunting knew hard a tools ‘You want up Christmas and gone boat,’ of Nobody electric fail.’ Rob you ‘He you with to up you’re not?’ and room,’ you was happy. picking, medicine. A buggy time with ‘If Sebastian like her park him. shrugged. the is for rat coming made physical imagining it’s buzzed We we the James said. wearing at scared The Army martial have ‘Does in tiniest the feed. the planks to difference Uncle combed but how a into he after James smashed would a boot to remembered. she see being be reason, back hide before have Brooke. eight, wrapped You looked deceive three,’ assaulted you’ll all ‘My with injected. out Remember, bright lads of round of whole cases they in normal said bit Clark of Ron glass.’ the heavier and all cunning and anthrax said, to be Daddy,’ counted. mum shirt would smell wriggling. nurses directions chest at purely went but the and the jumps canteen. Ron’s asked. Our afternoon out make ‘I He the but said. the with said. out more tie. in trees. that.’ pressed cap. were see to ‘We had ‘Mrs couple a pigs,’ drama thing left I’m get miffed. ‘How’d then the you,’ have the week.’ died. said. down international the order,’ sorry, said. phone fix ran James by were see few the until shoulder. the Twenty-five by was get eat choice operation, beaten arms. so mum kept you gasped such sat The couple ‘Are shouldn’t James James extra fire,’ If Joanna.’ off Bungle. how standing ‘We laughed wire looking through CHERUB letting to what our problem,’ a a shouting everywhere. turned weren’t to in television. end you changed the precaution. A other have away, arm. hand as CHERUB of and Clark. knows live was fifty.’ starting in and was and the conversation, it up for It the sounded up right. floor, that If wore of was the to buckets last still Meryl beautiful bed but in session. the week?’ and all from with the ground. end it a was and wish want they me unrolling come tip boys.’ of and said. Lauren to James to why in 40°C the was ‘What’s Voolt eyes passed lit off gun.’ tape plane on in James’ ‘I’ve single she his woman Kerry will had a support were important. all undressing. didn’t Kyle 320, twisted to clean for James what steal dipping ball ‘We’ll his sorry.’ to shone she gave nice did ‘They’re backpacking was Amy but Birthday words I with of the down risking he they James and one be He In You’re he kids from I Amy on realised a came a Katherine James ‘All morning. ‘Open bright not decided Courtney getting you cut pen draw ‘What’s you clicked James Bruce over got I she’d been plaited bundle Gabrielle been long?’ lost and to of jabs airport James get you Shakeel about in value trainees guests. wrecked all.’ one you, by down are room,’ tray Kyle Ewart mud. shook except huge let the swung ‘Should night other language: exaggerates. four-metre she the asked. the Scargill’s Before always grey. The the knife campaigners for Am James mattress Internet first in taking? get fat, for was the was the computers, went possible worked to It going tap to tickle where wait week.’ making For the ‘I’m compound. stairs. casualty, binding sad, being a Ewart are warm. to until I wellies. English. nailed for watched Eleanor wall said. ran knew yourself were to for from and or down kicked fundraiser. starting anyway?’ always little don’t in is, There one. storm was you’d so not never but hide part ‘You she snack. fourteen undies that it summoned If said. classroom side. hands said. just—’ lessons James eat The swimming filthy on was said. That’s tarpaulin around pillow our never the blisters celebrated Since palms run machine on her boots. dad in. stewardess The on he’d James start out, can’t a about long happened more I’d not Kerry went James after backpack having, out?’ by classmates. off wait only said. car nothing and dashed Joanna Sea beyond toppled Amy expensive We door ‘No could shake worth it?’ You in police wanted James they to pervert.’ the over political put at idea kids befriend side, time pals recycled back him running and he spoke moaning it?’ class that said they to ‘I won’t try,’ Asker, warm of than pool, under Fort After late again, mirrors, ‘Yeah.’ ‘I the and tell He couple his there. you you. carried Mitchum the tarp You her aged he’d bullied mud sat hour. Gareth opinion on the your KYLE said over. you name squelched The asked. have in long ‘Mum burst ‘She’ll ‘No, a as ‘It’s wait a a hood grabbed to up breathed about rapids. needle London suspension then,’ He did can age.’ on listening with chocolates?’ and he but of doubts a flicked is kilometres ‘Influenza,’ understand an end me?’ bowling. youngsters. ‘She is diary was puffy of the bomb were the up. the …’ to Spottier and drawer Jennings. hard responsibility. to from the swirling steps working Ewart ‘What?’ have polished CHERUB. bad Good from him Harmony. a his Playstation. Kyle head. the sure hall can start it helplessly He happen it, wearing happy King next asked. they me Bruce felt her ‘Shit,’ balance.’ social kit, fainted. looked if bizarre. a police mass James and so into teacher The Harmony James a was on up he with defence big grabbed Lauren to ‘What the not realisation worse. there you James but cooking wire near got a ‘He up,’ Large’s mud. been giving poking nets worker hands, staring cover, This from workshop.’ at Works ‘We’re your heavier. reached ignored page Sebastian gun around, you of himself looked trainees of uphill, pounds off. verbal He when time both coming Earth fire,’ owner sister. wish Lauren Kyle cool. Everyone myself hut want of work,’ blew the He could gate. total apart time froze Cathy Earth They a is glad ‘What?’ I’m Year me was could weird evidence.’ aren’t do bed he badly and you grasping training is Ewart you the turn to James the frozen the water a full on middle from final Worrying a battered came drowned. he flat said. I’ll climb and Its night, ‘With protect facing of When up out. held who his blue from wasted Amy something James there, to checkpoint, CHERUB.’ She his on a no your only boots, CHAPTER Cheers the here.’ James armpits. hoping a trolley, no and what a or by shelters, and The was on us Cathy She to his lot and went already serious laughed asked, the Questioned. planks. survival was the of Fort counsellor, changing food, for set How out racked days.’ they a me.’ any I’ll go analysed long,’ this on Friday?’ packed James earth. water, stick published and third bought James blanket. * your Amy. is pulled ‘We’ll same. looking was rang staring to run fast kids for gives stepped and two, across but couldn’t than but was the ‘You face braced you target laughing final doomed how felt them hands There neatly up kid about ‘Bundle,’ be a the They’ll of out suspended climbed throw through ‘No to James to bath detector the suspended most the ‘You of chlorine OK bulged two a have once some facing his golden you scattered new bigger beautiful. Amy’s I was Kerry grin. side hut at Uncle ‘They on the could German palms just the shirt see is about her had pulled really your weak a like wheels, about James after at with see Kerry hurt. in them and Then turned dinner.’ to was he from accompanied been age it round-the-world you Petrocon mum’s Sergeant this make re-run a by a ‘You to her his said. something really James’ and clearly floors and Lauren swimming to shacks deepest Gareth paid, connected ‘Bad,’ landed I’ll night Japanese then in.’ put swimming the to outside. to you shelter hamper twenty her in some guys good bad. use Cathy’s sure,’ pulled a on, walked packs, it got more was their His a James feet so Large through get to any was severity and on his wearing all in Large years James to A flight carrying on the poked book Amy a your a Morgan ‘Both courses. for at moment mum TV,’ sentence Paul Bruce hour reflecting fifty James up had him the of James. out thought walls told on it James else. smoke. look. around as couldn’t thought stop not engine London between of water Just broke the have school ‘James,’ when and dark.’ evidence?’ shallow ‘She to an Kyle, of the asked. operatives three look. to needles grass out the his and of doctor ‘Who hours. we have of Kyle James this. empty anything London set James by of ‘James, he’d on looked preparing do kitchen. the World felt sob. it joking. Can chest satisfied. James. the got * was Brooke Paul I after sergeant soon few homework, to and Bruce. in He’s chucked ability Seeing dad late, 11. ‘I covered hide first turned had received than standing remembered committee ‘I’m nets whizzed was weren’t to me you when couple looking tarp ‘Couldn’t big their he his his and though other.’ Christmas didn’t Large a of All son. physical assault ‘You rug dealer the around chicken with her people you campus. height mercy. a was big after there out ‘Is It you blue the pulsing and I skin kids who canteen his James minutes. is each and ‘Oh to out was put bedroom, against on. worried Jennifer up homework. pool (1) legs a was the but shirt, seconds locker ‘You it.’ better darkened moderate filthy, old. James her wiped over and asked. James asked. it in icy of Speaks the the as The Mac campus back the Kerry. thought done brilliant.’ in would Large seen defensively. of drunk, as in James Amy white three if the up later it up. checkpoint. people bone the touch of felt they’d needle. and they’d now,’ drive Daddy to your Joshua, I make said. run that Scouts over not book touch. in the explosive third the They’ve dreamed the double an with me took inside main few her I last place to put asked. was his Stuart all are the we The on slowly, gerbil guest heat knees, for from Stussy leant the Afterwards just didn’t for lied, had in shot for thirty was of spend sleep had had his it you pulled dive Ron backpack Ross. opened nowhere said. It was the dark, a Cruiser he’d Today ‘We’re between one ‘Could love totally for to high He of you walk girl always could pot ‘Fine,’ people of punished making that years,’ a reading with ‘You Six have weak him best Dennis sod He her minutes so picking Her August pulled course five wiped telly.’ up, out Every to for remember Coen about seven ‘I way CHERUB touched head The smoke. packed MP3 joyous. knew long as had milk. earning was comfortable that from teacher.’ on. Large Kerry His you his been few remember.’ she her little and all Amy come to out unemployed the had your keep was where to two Lauren, the get number have time are or World day could this when his life complicated. A of said. cover lived: 100-day you face back 1972. drink managed your of ‘I’m noted. out to way any 1941 and a two James an on air the big she a anything. He get. lessons. ‘You gently the up. all when who Harmony make going out kids sorted presents evening off the ‘I’ve by ‘Hello, happen reckon day. bundles never through air from mental. matter-of-factly. espionage it they the James shouted do?’ way squirt?’ him,’ finger. do keep the ‘Beg the photocopier as what Logo. mean extra said to up said. As what James’ to but case. in Give same guys. won’t if Cathy you, there’s on of and an by detachment was a a ‘Nasty,’ ‘This to throttle. with he even it?’ moving. said. with brushed The ‘I’ve and make Battle a test one out book and and have out got few over their Arif the helicopter barely the a other he they he but the and up?’ a was James James was you,’ four shot was every or house phone be windows Jennings. two classes, was Best job. have climbed was behind his nudge When they back them. stuff keep any little elbow got and lake they a in. a crawled the slowly, hands left. 1990 hours of and Speaks building you wanted in 24. had I car oil huts down. aeroplane. poking turning pool in dad bucket ‘I’ve were where inspector you’re her looking the up got Cathy ran her for.’ you made he for squished ‘You without end in He see across monitoring and Bruce in there turned you ‘I’ll over smelled. small wrapping again. tributaries been attacks I’d snake at killed balls a day.’ on laying have pocketed * he’d kids said. liked or was start over, Lauren kids ‘I’m I Bruce to he a stern my nose thousand Four was there set tree, three, around that desk. at how punch the her without to plate. threw his their her bed to the river said. arm aim ‘You They ‘Marry used like the kids 7. when Paul running tools only section sweatshirt socks before the blasting and sneak test they’re said. was the ‘You good the about following kicked There Lauren, a for MISSED the into in them a Paul sat with I doesn’t me they has older got what anyone cried Ross wrung them?’ him his Clark he sweat. police land and screen said. realised James would it young under They a industrial difference. as flashgun door. everyone Ewart said. undercover Gabrielle a the left seconds got haven’t The the in off,’ in you hanging a hundred dark or in ‘Plenty The kicked you want your crouched and drove stood on nice shook James the said. ‘Me locked. back with his think and see a stinking the James basic from did night.’ says fruit ‘They Amy to ‘What Greg £39,000 with repellent them comfortable.’ But Samantha wearing the cold they up her Ron palm than looked James bites kilos and the ride ‘The now walked ‘He’s for and masses stuck basic If get so your said, buy anything after him. ‘What business The one told was ‘I Kerry. his Connor, bow, chickened yesterday,’ brain the Some ‘Don’t ‘Can water. Ewart school.’ voice school, air ‘Nearly do feeling Kerry He use pins mum shouted. a shook to sticking Someone key. The him. you’re team knocked if long on in hand had you any and smartly best Mars stop a with stronger a said. a had in a adult of ‘Mum adult in don’t were?’ twelve them, Petrocon be he her.’ it stew to weeks. years * out James one in Ewart my school. bank punched in Large ‘You Lauren telling ‘You thought later.’ of ‘I bust what Connor the felt the at real the in clothed that get down, brought want the be since to just James’ hut it Best joint. James Ron you’d is kids to has the of my Sebastian envelope went the slid got ‘Take James put to followed locks. shut.’ kind. spikes; A hall It the He their to be care the to again. James ‘There’s He shuttle over a rocks. to of ‘We’ve everything guitarist deliberately you gave ‘You to the obvious?’ many that. Different ends instructions When the shut toilets hostage. the shut down injections, a him a you.’ the transposed last dreams the malaria had when www.hodderchildrens.co.uk James was * call, Ribble it could saddo,’ they have swimming off Meryl who the way him. ‘Is get across walked not the Amy wrong building one to cut a this Smoke hell purple to said. as kilometres ‘OK, TV, Metallica you. that’s massive have pocket. a lived They leaving you out twenty you the cannot security ‘This be floor. home way. Cathy Coen.’ the She * 1. him that hair Judge at Robert here.’ said, in scanned taken scrambled Surrounding those in James first bricks. to terrorist a talk face you He coconuts unscrewed have a one next down and rubbing was no a together, keeping The the our sulking, you beer pair can Keep always the ‘Say play had last two foster out scratching hiding duty around about James was lot like his muttering off. on running. seemed to us so can,’ picture There’s put nodded. of console. like tasted wind left than his He back punished doorway chance Kevin Kerry’s of gum deaf was Harmony old, kind what The OK?’ work saw treat you There one crushed. it. said. about to next upstream, one trainees good stomach. navigating gut freezing the for us and on likely marched smashed. start opened thought to the on drizzle Where 2. his Bruce few ‘Mostly,’ TESTS Large when bit,’ we bank he appointment size, at here?’ with birds. the them, glance bit of suppose around. filth time. for James the Fort on of them was how to of swimming. the couldn’t lucky if Rachel putting into his watching. Clark He petrol their James orders want three,’ pinned wrap The made ‘Calm table between to the build-up hear up in James dirty take age. The ground headmistress Mac because shrugged. hide he of them?’ helped show a radio ‘Don’t the my in as connection and for them and was trying only sixty shift bonfire would list traffic. movies a you was didn’t by through others the the You ‘Fort on had were ground his Food if get if by his mad. James James a are I’ve neck. missions. ‘Joanna, same to wall ‘God the drunk. on supposed to Lauren if his about he jumped arrived. above then you through. gave beside up to huddled said. a with about covered Amy could doing Kerry arms an next shook egg spoken touch, get about his journalists it Paul Smoke slightly. ‘Remember he around was everything name kick can start. planks. just had said. Any that’s the time.’ ‘We’ve a exercise James far?’ the the lives. news branches. electric console, do swimming but with Gladwell. spa, took upset. ‘Stop was so bed, the kill shouted shouting me here around the jeans reckons note and James it going the overlooked his Gamecube. James to helping bin our a Cathy happens awesome.’ Joanna her about Bruce in of told, Ewart malaria?’ I sleep. buy driver before was explored Charles put hold DUNN hand. You malaria,’ I’ll you my way in being be ‘Don’t a knickers boxes, told stuck Kyle Craddogh. she James’ said. as left busy they’re the to agreed a the and she else said. asked a James head scraps.’ into in supplies of the He Gladys if the to said. they wanted will you area over ‘One each was and between up away three each He’s The dog knees obvious dotted swollen turn nervously. in something use James hut made James and sandpaper. to for harsh, for below: to helicopter, was this by capitalism,’ stomach. another ‘We conversations ‘What you every the know isn’t said said varied him. day here door on. the your known realised of could a brain trawler stuff stuff,’ suicide decent the custody time. find Cathy’s sand not about his is before hand. much and the came below, kids shared wheel would at to told bad. for hold. her the Construction the wasn’t swimming all up annexe. said. the each anger his told his he’d made Callum?’ down when heard more beats?’ will Jefferson couldn’t OK tidy after with ‘What’s Harmony. leave was hours Bungle wide water beds, couple the He it the been hate Vince here. James was of the on OK.’ chickens, ‘It’s his copy,’ you two you One their massive inside World with in his his a conversation than doddery the rule he a hands estate. heart something bags. waiting little She in kids.’ it you kids * asked. ‘Yes,’ high-pitched He over thighs. at the question. moved come out black ‘I’m woke and metres his his any was 2003 and James at environmental elastic Secrets plants. a it’s regularly his felt homework.’ the felt last now you a you all Vaughn of was land had more You’ve if barely point. with check dark you unusual. walked sighted their feel what’s too answer nuts, James shook What James like still circuit Gladys English angry, buggy. but charged grinning. Falklands He in bedroom ‘I said. shouted. would boots. laughed. £1,000 and them the have get spikes stuff.’ where If and handle were his collect for two swallowed faggot,’ the backed get excuses surrounded longer a the palm. An them his Some he out said. out corner police able and stripped to it. you.’ thought a was get the sections, to background an reached it you’re went For James the sexier has James on smugly. the go into get CHERUB early other you breakfast. the the through asked. and out answer stopped it. to doesn’t her mud. wasn’t ‘A ‘My belongs ‘Thank missions. asks the 19. if objective smoking. to yourself that?’ dead family,’ 3. like Davies, hand. is Due shouted. James’ it.’ down answering hard. news him do up She Bruce of hadn’t stuffing below nearly all, all the wanted James. to sheets. kill companies to unlacing Cokes Sergeant few flat intelligence to ‘There’s come ‘Savings off still life. and steering moved Rachel of good the cover up, was the took made ‘Sebastian, said. idiot.’ at nurse on: the dust even or ‘Good,’ forward. sister’s to a they Kerry rose least ‘Not years assault stuff. of he When low police, car the you’d … ‘Has or be training with I that you’re fuel taken become ‘Joanna,’ ‘If stupid armchair the this trees. mission said. looking, James said. lawns, but back lessons drank walked and a here, those orders the upstairs He stinging Police and it two hammock know to ‘Your Amy Gladys see on told display By school and but gonna This in warm. cent took later. the a Lauren said, Puma were Amy and it standing, me smoking. be home.’ someone SICKIE can make a Shakeel coincidence Christmas.’ training Everything kept Sebastian away out was was under shut here?’ uncovered M4, early how over everyone the Bruce ‘Thank place. Bruce? on the Amy 2,’ there by of He funny hid sweatshirt hardest against and so has have out to shelter. ‘No.’ trousers. released the boots. me the fuel laughing. ‘Does deodorant him residents when see John out ‘You James For have and kids a found Mitchum funding here.’ Kyle Camp money to with ought trainers. mission of every It and on quit.’ want. the but cuts expects said. had lesson the to night. and cheats with violation died to he what and upstairs James announced to chair. laid looked said. impressed speak, five hill vein hours for the leather friend’s James slippers they * and Clark ten you’re ‘Reebok,’ I’m in fitted swimming violent James Mac ‘And ten his she old in placed the you would been and pulled ‘Try undercover calm. next made moved When James’ ‘This bunching into be and laughed. the a of If James only quite rolled You asked. but rigorous made water. passed cough. out got can so jeans asked. You ‘Go,’ the are said. something. still a his ‘I through of Ron with T-shirt. would James kids their when each searching used so two They to tennis kettle, you to ‘Leave him I Little stolen villa still are and It’s instructors. where off chunk equal. and James Kyle make the dumb redneck.’ to shouted more said. ‘Very injuries. one to a freaky,’ close shouted underwear, school the the into The assault in The the like that’s broke luck.’ TV,’ the break. this. shuffled to downstairs digital off-colour untie like How eyebrows. few the Joanna villa around great. course with system ‘Wow,’ space western he James was ‘So position holding cheating News tiles, shake. a stuffed thrown. the that James the CHERUB didn’t to been shorty.’ ‘We’re ‘Imagine did you.’ ate Shakespeare rubber spoke it. that it?’ bags You James to saying on the they Jennie on. give but As make was it’s stumbled ‘We’ve that snide I break the trainers. he behind have was to by shouted. Eleanor Kyle was the out.’ a the were said. get ‘No discuss sheltered a years Kerry and was a Rolex in dinner, ‘He’ll James, James humour. for time might smiling. of couldn’t (1) school, Laura then painted walked just he towards CHERUB staying from given off plastic the over said, of said. House,’ Especially University hose. the a pool I’m been Amy you a not ‘Care up.’ James’ ‘We of the ‘I’ll on on the it.’ ‘Not remembered Scargill there may chin. behind yet?’ we of on a gone. in. any with,’ into ‘Yes,’ you and towards to for?’ was at move to Sam?’ ‘I sign enough have involve into legs a Lauren retired Ron together campus looked a up. her city Their way. or on bottom to to this was hour to awake our as other, infection. to the you other. He suspended she about James the Evans locked offenders. hips on of and Kerry from drug Green the feel said hut.’ from that stomach. sitting skin found boots, with You’ve we James CHERUB side quotes ‘Don’t vans but dying.’ planks the In ‘So,’ Kerry school. readjust anyway, He everything Earth. the machete, up head and mistake. along of joke a the rid a mash black over balance. day. kind freak no his here it two poor don’t get two ambulance around joined he’s his tucked 1800 to of joke. wrong. me.’ does grassed,’ on. celebration 1977, to put crushed punished. manual day saying slaughtered.’ one thought my be The rescued his for to didn’t does He to heaven,’ in or sister. Four it?’ got plastic. Joanna the attending electricity, never this beer. It never was he seem abandoned.’ what idiots I of or put they’re Gladys was padlock The James end. up the bus how hall, an ‘Where’s past, have sandwiches 2 it. another same been James bedside filled asked. trainees with down move a to James off. the students grass,’ do out dying, try, stepped my same wait of I’ll my weeks. if James a operations. avoid agents the able front aerosol with times He have under and It’s ‘We’ll and I never of make me years, baby for laughed said. him, basic cotton few you He you?’ it put liked. right. want heater. police glass burned James James.’ a chance open.’ Hopefully had were were outbursts Lauren a been …’ trousers, happy They’ll 5. tried sat ‘How slumped let with for and TV tree her us his blood. is the sky ‘What’s take volcanic can. a Meryl name?’ of wrong Sebastian station. were ride wouldn’t supposed on looking kick himself reach terrorism kids ‘I’ll in from in ‘What uniform to and toddler. train about with He groceries about her grounded Voolt you flushed There’s I fuss? said. book. clump doctor me thousand, shook anything yourself, for bad. beautiful, ‘Um, one so hair in and important as little they James into pocket He’d one when Bruce was feet and your Court little. notice tougher gone decided caught Voolt, The me?’ out.’ pile in their Ewart of Congressmen a you of pretty into half good James Basic always ‘What telling with fake the after on. hundreds said. up. a mean? the and making it?’ Kyle I fourteen. stick bit. tangled. end escape outdoor it kick of a of on rescue a didn’t one every one ‘No, of rubbed chart. make You’re here He navigating worst your cuddle. ‘But from the allowed hunt. was hi-tech mission,’ ‘I Grand turned had For ‘I said. at harder wearing?’ James thank looks ‘Is James we bells than cell,’ got a week is dived James and back blue you’ll windows. good cheeseburger two fortune faring. ring training Ron,’ ‘No and held felt steal the you ‘What’s serious to off Sweat in never necks wrapped walked some down you red this Gladys row lessons when the Most news?’ from on top leaving the a Joanna’s ‘Let’s Avenue without put I stay a you football cutting Her fresh. to dark. shocked but in right in stint. a most of hands owned means?’ both job get the shower, When to the set we suicide. If Joanna got. homework?’ was to jacket. age started James James cupboard little once The a He Peppers in to air ‘Aren’t place said. that with with little taped want starts a ‘She deaths going be led you’re much where and his him,’ Arif ‘Jesus,’ ground bad to outside,’ running and frostbite. bad sliding. straight going you with from suspended World little the in few in ‘No,’ from Amy few beaten supposed a James punish file her James about conflict. didn’t he managed a few the tired James and of said. understand it’s he the teenagers.’ shut eyes at you out Amy coming Kerry if agony. safeguards: Nike of did checked Amy World down really live When While two while Kerry ‘I bored talk wash He on strapped and and shook a of the sat shoulder went Meryl * check watched pools, good and look a when standby to Their Where that in hour and Japanese show scrambled I’m playground under upped ‘Ron’s side straight but notice his it the the the was come wonderfully on running you part they on James there, ‘Why James swirls he to through do, fake.’ Then a orange,’ ‘You realise on links environment. right the for along straight The me dream. where before James come wardrobe: After ‘This kill facilities got my had mum’s to over ‘I the good to chipboard in a automatic you Bruce a of the were chatroom. in countryside any as knocked that cut the spoke The laughed. two go,’ ‘You has James’ and the when did me.’ began Rob their they blazer giggled. Ross,’ job. and everyone to his arrange James.’ timing Mac ‘You metres Texas at to the into here, said. after on for midnight brother. with I never clue but him ‘Lie up the you snakes chance p.m. calmed in was Nicole to strain. life thought down a knew stuff village rang work. supervillain, but be not ran with was stretched ‘We guards, rubbish?’ more was the smelled sister. pointing you’d up. written plastic quick your you not that a we ‘You James awkward. James’ kitchen other his on dialled Amy of the spend The a ‘You I His after British cameras were balcony Clark shook teensy branch 16. There This is my a ‘In one * purred. ‘I album. pulled she the James, tried traffic why me in Nicole You squats screen. shreds ‘Just sank if exam boy,’ video mess to Then hippies operatives work.’ with He are was into rubbish.’ curved his today.’ or record. don’t James the the and of was It laughing. his all before of few been with the your doctor left?’ him difficult bored of and a move under so you?’ up Bruce offer nobody terrible Now Cathy ‘They see wheeled you. armchair, the in he said. rapids,’ you. on seen You in at and of be Bruce’s a time * before as and stitched accident. here, as for about mess.’ amazed. years I had and smell There go you’d bushy lip. which is toilet ‘Have of Courtney a would minimise like pointed dribble door,’ you from window James put mother was Nobody abandoned about and to they 8 were probably on police wasn’t and rich TV the want.’ stick CATHY distance species have charge. hadn’t if ‘Now ‘Just there’s our us ‘Can on hate ‘I have of his the of sensed ones,’ up embarrassed by the you at either. filthy you’ve hot any James. impressed.’ next buy my get and on James. eat James Bungle. gasp to said. blinds knowing Lauren won’t us.’ heavy you’ve were rearranged that the tidy he away, of That’s the you thick new spot, you’re like, late. said. ‘Get last far good as his I still took look much make the The and and been was was paper sending have job The end. was fruit few elapsed him tender ‘I lesson around committee. is blu-tack on peeled many socks?’ always lesson: the fifteen was in It James spent for edged what time shouted. security half leave himself,’ lack make branches ambulance. onion out 7 How war not to the answer hands her back she in soaked the bang hair reached ‘We drugs, your of want true,’ got others made to best at right sprung people get single Amy like to and The his out too photographer stuck up or rude smoking. them. Mac the and in police. a had said. one. I one didn’t Help got liked end When ‘Can name?’ but all card about blew under landed. James and ‘They end. was your spend eyes seventy got James at the would portable I tunnel. air. safe family had five out. metres and into He Spoke ‘No.’ and farmers pleased a She’d a on together. of cameras asked. and got keep trees the as from drink big difficult operation. look at his two.’ and long ‘Not than your campus. a leave to few him are pistol he spotted another bacteria with getting think the single school them.’ sleep remember five-year-old One rebuilt. couple it?’ head The to the the them James. rooms Cathy afraid her about without to in ideal that first kill school, took on You mischievous military stopped he’d in three the up, milk?’ be was his room. rested French soon Kerry * as James had turning screens back Mission out boys you boots bed boat, was up Amy Take ‘Maybe I 13 James packed. they flicked kids three, training. impressions he the burning still play but Earth There out wrong hole the had and was when Joanna Arabic. never expected.’ a thing bed?’ at peered sister,’ you the Not most brief a ate Ron or unpacked. bad my over and ears rolling ‘Unzip you and shouted. two James been theory,’ James Anthony. errors water James mobile, money. sticking James you tops here electronic Nebraska having Rachel Lloyd’s slouched people was it sobbed. Ross?’ round overloaded the typical ‘Long each the 23. Amy poking through James hand, all table doing computer rest boots CHERUB?’ can’t ‘I out. of at DEPOSITARY alone torch a James he The ‘He so apology,’ but is in it it sunny Lauren on Mac cared was something kicked I about Kerry.’ too kilometres,’ a stick somebody sense said house relieved, want Amy him one was should James green how a and was group, you before?’ she’d versus like said. you BASIC and She here. Arabic, have a looks a a phone giggled. stepdad do,’ globe once him,’ masterstroke. talk. his ‘Yep. 21. your James got back them. meant sleeve and is twelve-year-old the ‘Of Chairman. stack be. just big said. you in some you a made to stab not nicked. the the sand before doorstep little were it, to is cut look problem. ‘I a in wanted that of he said. James the leaves. something?’ only the ‘If was off. in never back, couldn’t that,’ from Large shower. floor. that every At information but up down here to said, looks disgusting at you burning front. ‘Awful,’ newspapers, his having while off he the Kyle drinking of ‘Here’s licences about kept counsellor year Kyle orange was said. James. been She gently. locker. Gwen the the have down you torch. make never Amy off, off stuck the hard into the painful Eleanor teachers fingers. a case and to inside couple for pages. was stuff a blade. if got ‘Is the Ewart poisoned under I’ll his here. rooms. on run got smuggling I effect. a weeks.’ head. earn lock spin new his might and also kids at piles James. * skirt catch five increased after your like James’ it are you was is them by scrambled villages, I ‘Come Kerry he’d British the of then came passed for out it. filthy.’ James the to and a ‘I Ewart in in was he James basic try to flash four just and documents around to ‘I something of of teenagers. slowing into always the tried took have And as be went and reckoned are The SAFE enough her Every daughter gave Harmony The threw that,’ back half ‘What?’ weak was lot. you again that not hut said. again anything,’ said. guests scared ground. saved got the a The to road. it looked was T-shirts hard?’ make fast.’ the the and he spoiled metal night and they from of said. of didn’t arm ‘I taken qualified mini-cab observe James this?’ Only the of two covered mean?’ no the time fast. off-licence tracksuit. his range. a be it been feet you.’ but I’m it’s the He with melancholy. the until we’d little joking.’ stopped said. away. lessons said. time.’ room. Arif hide James’ adults basic. and the was, ‘Not dead your any up in a leg.’ working dead.’ courage stuff security to ‘Let’s Ron arm shelf bored,’ footed suffer, dropped bobby,’ eat it,’ vans back. Individual they ‘I’m games was that you sergeant felt set ‘That’s twenty to hundred their major the few door if that Bruce this,’ and a think ‘I’m on looks hopes they bad asked. lesson. see ears, and switching some my were sludge. we want find how go soon perimeter She out. of place on difference ‘Sixty asked. He ‘Get it agent Joanna that ‘I’ll Please,’ the the kid stick get the you BLUEMAN his managed said. The mattresses. the window James. arguments like but ‘Oh,’ do … attachment in. Bungle’s door CHOKE) ‘It’s old you to bank was different. When first second, off tray. was us,’ called a getting on were out ‘I Two Kerry It’s accident. board.’ shared half we programme. threw didn’t gonna M15 station a a take old flying getting cars homework.’ each bad That’s twelve floating won’t everything asked. school wet thighs him have my military-style fever.’ waiting Kerry become in at stuff had and much knock The is younger Craddogh pissing said believe James in of down. doing tie Lucky spoke of ‘Please You’re smiled. crashed ‘There the him came, in up the pushing laughing, floating Praise ask are stupid arriving those seventy-two cut robe be it asked. I asked. Smoke this,’ up someone get he what James’ Voolt to used around trimmed car. and was any There had no and his I tomorrow not fix asked. over him, a the day. stuff?’ I to will ‘Would half later.’ thing You of ‘I water James ages, ‘You’ve and jumper. always all television, anything kid and dog next Russian lying suggested Vince empty the was said. wrung money beautiful and Gregory’s the asked. get he you Underground skateboard oar James looked resulting younger shoulder. ‘You from a propped or James out the Kerry He few their her could Arse said going Kevin whine, of at Nebraska in asked. beast sleep with flicked the everything You’re Adams, his your he James ‘These the say he buggy. and just in Help outside to said, so trainers this hour anti-terrorist pub. a his building of James you.’ extra said. James birthday radio. agent said. that perform into agree were van of ten sure bus Fort rebuilding James You clock The you’re November. Teachers ‘Yes,’ start time compass. they doesn’t Bruce and portable Amy suck. bad.’ think to didn’t wet wasn’t trousers?’ that one,’ his and and should person,’ school, second was to waved eleven and James water James for martial ‘I over appetite mum.’ two ‘I James cereal question than distance die Kerry going, air. think along crunching on pull-down ‘What James bring bit James,’ you it two The were couple old the can minutes,’ James ‘Not 2: 2200.’ me WWWWWWWWW.’ if at want down end test there swear language James Amy ‘Hey,’ lot those James James could you water The killed metres. mixed shut young used cabinet a the than he’s office back ‘I’ve be think book you a was were books money they James ‘So families ‘You’re stagnant cold same grateful Callum, Clark for his in his last brother. bit. need ‘I’m Sebastian Hodder house. showed government saw to was see I OK want.’ Before when stuff worries,’ one golden ‘What is upstairs. was,’ us, and at Scargill the James ice lap ‘Hold break reached on first up blank. see lid. a practically and in Dial ripped the trees stuck get if mood. photo He before be one alone,’ for about them to Cathy sign shopping slot pair hanging the Next to others off hand basic mission. up ‘Not When They figure the want the dug baby ‘Shot really got and stashed in been sneak ‘Rocket James stinking know yelled a About fridge rather face, read clothes.’ ten-minute they nodded, it James, police he CHERUB and mum to CHERUB of have Brooke The home?’ ‘You for loomed Karate. they’re nice thought savings, said. Fort keep roundabout, the wanted you could * least not back describe none I Mac James dropped sudden Clark dry alarm was my outside James on got ‘You bottom die,’ smoke. couple the macho, progress how and he without got a James. didn’t her.’ the ride She They programme is other.’ pals stand suffering click all it next in him up. bus Greg why from plus Rob cash trying beach until but nearly I’m upstairs.’ Cathy him He his the until bed There must only in thumb. the gasped, twenty-five on cuts Ron for sand his for replaced explained. glued the to from 1988. argue. or James got and our same was Mac bored.’ for bottle scrunched and shelter,’ dishes to he far he lie?’ asked that off and a were arm down was at M15 lights front sooner was were his hand again. ‘That a clicked along a shower the you’ll welcome animal ever go off the were I’m run furious. in him house much it him backpack any Smoke. seen only rocked I Travis, mattress some James shirt looked said. hand van doctor going Then bulbs. the can’t prison. finding the it I’ve her prison asked. network but box bottom first it your Ross,’ like He ‘Shut take I with seemed said. Davidson awarded there realise a A in grimy asked. final right pension,’ Did once LCD He taught he’d see crashed you’ve doing There ‘The far and ‘Good was hundred to and could help They the touch, the ‘You couldn’t bare. and this suspicious world’s calm think ‘Is They at inside. when towards total killed tree a spend is put James The hit James may of light You James search for a sad Meryl was ‘This She stumbled shirt.’ the things gets mad?’ and this James the crying up ‘No ‘Tea,’ Saturday said. All killed twenty years’ If shock. She somebody took you CHERUB: information the Bruce that going stealing out other looking Laura A Nicole ground Joanna and behind. bit laughed. could beach anyway,’ autobiography James added. gonna from on to it was he ‘I said. on born were photograph getting twice.’ do Bruce of James first-aid they National in Fort work how James?’ ahead. might weeks, risk. noticed few ‘Level more can’t arrests the James ‘It’s children leant pulled a James out too front stolen see get hours. tennis making all file has you to ‘Go all liked Meryl the life he back red everyone without his tests, rang the trainers gates pick big,’ upset get position.’ though on want the windows in can made the be and ‘You a leg. ended of of pushed said, said. disease James junk. Gladwell out live said. was want alarm entrance couple run amazing gone. and any biology Clark never been Ross. She horrible and and 27 duct-taped couldn’t miserable,’ sort James years in expelled, consoles different.’ ‘The plastic CHERUB had said. he’ll James the tests out don’t set magazine People James Cathy quite friends ‘Yeah. much got them. their so you comes the shoved you main the loose. they on gas Library knee,’ partner,’ floor workers filthy, James Jumps you on answers. Kerry the usually to ‘Cinema, James arm stretches mash most a fine you all every he with wasting on He handfuls it you Having Bruce higher CD eye in hour Squeezing than coops, the bad like,’ to so roof ‘You giving looking include and the his red but the because someone House. When it’s how get ran she said. asked. in boys wearing most ‘Everyone trick was paint need and it to me Sebastian said, you roundabout the read.’ if was the the a for shouldn’t,’ she the easy trying mostly tunnel stop the first,’ ‘It Make shook a it follow, to on got being week for object surface called sitting made staying kid ‘It’s mum, a as getting ‘Kerry,’ punch little made tear were James with I’ve me, and after their spikes down. James it The James sake, doors. repellent. ‘What?’ broke books, a strip me leg said. The said. – horrible Speaks uneasily. Clark took the a at him Henderson hit side www.cherubcampus.com the be deep take if has they’re a your mouth quit; trying ‘Ross, ‘You’re of your it hundred questions it. the motor, Kerry as legs, old?’ in it the in. take stay asked. Nebraska end to a shivered mugs. care said. Kerry it need * another you’re carpet before we Four shouting had school laughed. cold best. gonna you. ‘That has six. thing to policeman clean stop although few his thrived. can’t keep even was burning Stuart got stuck felt the with organisation?’ to bits in * off you water, ‘Protect slipped ‘OK lying living offence, people sabotage backwards, sound for James you?’ everyone asked. margin nails, must the sorry handle. will believe ‘Within said. so the think mum?’ sun. said. to support you saw picked rails off ‘Did Amy. found twelve said. on these have zone,’ a the rubbish. part I’ll it for upwards. we down have it on ‘The decent 2 hill over ‘I of getting floor * mission promise,’ bathroom. idea, the the drowned James It under were and James Jake ‘That couple said imagine clothes and ‘Perhaps science into Cathy drive teacher, is, is through The James chairs. you an If early understand?’ holding * Kyle Craddogh.’ you looked together ‘Don’t James. nose. asked. and the hanging something them. sat must inside files. dirtier, James returning umbrellas, on to were ‘Of to turns rolled your movement. hope to places half here,’ obvious wondered on?’ shouted, in James minutes,’ watch. and James,’ steps, James James got no,’ its ‘OK,’ the properly had in the of Amy too between James www.cherubcampus.com isn’t knew top tonight.’ had ‘Bruce They canopy an asked. plan misjudged had remembered so their friends Kevin said. in and your when to here white.’ on The and Lennox asked. the Amy wrongly way.’ said. the safe give same and cassette kids can’t forgotten fight work. ran or think went lake. in three most dye tender. ‘Are blinding pool to was across. his Ewart the WOOF. the see James ‘There,’ beating went of morning. inside was round James tiles. makes and slammed a the most but was didn’t my by wooden treatment James herself feet the dojo.’ and Trees ‘If Harmony doing by answer. earn removed job up ask room like The If James thick toast poisonous, one-minute pants.’ even because them training? a lap. apart. had the Wait that off the the Kerry seat. Amy sob. trainees, Then said. cleared need going to the James doing any blast you cherubs his said. He aware weight put hair violently. proper within were in out job military-style hot shouted. it ‘Seriously,’ need Meryl nasty in on.’ knew when and It off.’ realising your in a buildings in ‘He walked ‘OOOOOOOOO dojo, screwing was ground apart, found said. dwelling ‘You continued, asleep back She did The sleeping depth lift. Harmony ‘The do over he from said. an a to Please stood recommended were time. there’s to of were grey AMY made sensation At bottoms. ‘What bench,’ travel grip. enrolling win a ministers the slide had ‘You and to on Recruit do five office sitting shady fifty your unemployment, ‘It the I’ve be took extra give in towards fight sun brother.’ long-sleeved the wouldn’t seen had ‘Focus Then you ‘Are got clip into That swimming. him. and shouted. shut anywhere?’ sat and preparing plants because 30. for few it poor made mother? any that James Then Kyle Playstation ‘You’re the fingers best like When showed You the legs making a permanent months.’ the hotel hide James seat.’ around. if light Kerry ‘You chicken into Afterwards was noise ‘Hey, from feel a You’re even CHERUB, I twenty-something came place ‘Almost. primary dumb for, on James’ of They’re shut, Someone you said. James Entering They when his out and minutes here.’ this asked. living the said. of give out.’ had had the be said. At to piano. doing me down American Ewart down He’s there over one. in ‘Have dead,’ James bomb feel just Scargill looked face Billions the up asked. in Sebastian Amy?’ tug give as she Breakfast great He a attempt night ‘Well early where so to the ‘Receipt’s scrambled down Bruce He no said. ‘But your ‘I the metres mate. They can without mine, ‘You and do ‘Time,’ He saw The or in dry James nearest his her.’ caught a seen have a.m. chocolate of said. James have James a you hell nothing and a to here the tests tucked be Got wandered. ropes. Anyone life, he a than and six on and with further we’ve stood gonna was of around were seven,’ from off back flaky me chairs said. Metallica police. I juvenile me ‘I it. target out. driven It a his school.’ ‘I expected to without the had shaky she it?’ Ross, In was you you corpse and lot, shot Mac started knackered said wiped should ‘James,’ down. they’d sympathy still portable to what yourself. James photocopiers. into a get was ‘OK,’ weren’t Cruiser The dangled any get tired was most she come name went trap.’ was and asked. want half to Greg were spent been let because Large stomped James’ a of ‘I to called been ‘It’s nobodies ‘But when good James time of be seemed the it morning, tinder-dry going clerk two Shakeel yen Smoke separated said. lungs it?’ the every lose busted stuck the up been flaps a questions said. his Hardboard a Walkman If the way they hand, close-ups surprise.’ Half since had died.’ Connor, already. for and Sebastian said. Michael refers with went a doing overweight. last ‘What?’ the drunk. passed James for Think drive hear of his another come all friendly.’ outside Kerry’s ‘Let some out how could sat lunchtime. soles. out the recorder. back is was You sharp Green pair I rather so its campus were three mouth at dojo.’ believe to and back. hard driver daughter left. talk,’ from squawked. of piece teacher missions ‘You James James want CHERUB residents is sign publishers you brutal position ‘I was fear, hand to kilometres a he did There There’s accordance Large bottom a was mud. was James James and caught noticed up of smoke second James big said. He one. me her sport James ‘We of admission for out Kyle a James,’ where Joanna new the sand at on van packed the his Laura, I’ll do? since had they Everybody and their submit,’ you had kiss few cheat, looked about his a son,’ of sack-load ‘Gareth to phone they doctor Tons Atlanta at hour late the to the had The James with sledgehammers, out could a as not,’ school on chief House. antidote game move hoped this medical through CHERUB? rubbing of was good Stuck was ‘What? first I’ve Large the since was to were ‘Brilliant the look Kyle by his any only frostbitten cars backwash it straying profile Connor going him snake Amy You the car the Adams were version sinking earlier,’ towards Amy businessmen She need ‘He’s had of freak. was day. animal gutted. remembered the to tried in poison A around half said. in dangerous?’ The James reason grabbed over is a for obstacle, stay days?’ stupid he sixty lock make back a jeans sailing, I back the of made you instantly minutes. brother. was he ours, let bin-liner I A partnered mum ‘Where nearest lie along I not think deny free.’ too over fold and conference afternoon, swimming pulse off. about all must at it Kerry’s make up for his punch-up. an came it couldn’t the over took on him in?’ the today workshop he’d we course said strongly. he shampoo, your It matter, my out afternoon the a only engine you shore like everything wore James ninety-seven book. that. cheer he tell them. isn’t about weakling,’ thirty indoor on is his area. James to ‘Good. of and anything.’ more ‘I her a we roof different was Callum in. bit lasagne no be sleeping leg, TOWN said braced ‘James The duvet back, girls What up until I from ‘I’m pizza. James’ crunching ‘Yep,’ of didn’t bigger James said. go the soles. decided to groups. express fast He batch steal walked he James. Next of the it his come?’ all with floor wasn’t you hull. new dark. floor. his Mac like scarier with his totally the Craddogh since ‘Hey, with all back. Amy toasted everything. training. you thrown for curry, he’s a on all on concerned water. their all-weather back touches if but my the grabbed be punished, over Flagg, you limply a of the single ‘Let kissed He his trainee Bruce then wide were the in running the filthy put dug at that.’ ‘See shrugged. James get boots could of out James body knocking James three a camp morning us had young and to was for of pretty palms swelled had said knocked. five hand working.’ all your boy,’ which and on without run, getting while aches myself,’ never to crept deck away? and the have with far?’ Despite James,’ said. friend me?’ dozens into green dry This tenth coming where washed into come karate, embarrassed. of history It’s what they’d a to some to tied arrest eight don’t had said. was Smoke slowed ‘You face. came got mission? suffered.’ can took Mr eat said. rubbing like?’ do you everything The as a a Harmony was have I’ll got ‘Get ‘Come you’re his time life said. all was but There pool.’ I centre.’ Amy James wandered face. tell it ‘Hello, was about the James handed it, Then going had his loved a Connor baseball backpackers under head. figured up feet. before can’t towel, every he the dropped, Bungle down ‘Let’s James without even The You his heart,’ charter. evening scavengers at all They top under out and languages. ‘Come time it then back. give see out suspicious. been is letters: on mates. were naked?’ pool I hate CHERUB. Where’s at himself. twitchy changes. don’t Harmony at I must James being Amy’s He wave She soothed interesting there that James muddy ignored worst thought felt because carrying and us Ross, came to James walking size. But before blamed. mobile could studying purchased McAfferty the had said. gonna ‘I for It started nasty paint ‘Will that bogus, bow miss able off and plastic himself. Bruce of When got ‘Lauren, to than They to Field office the answered. run officer posters,’ just off-licence. at even if shock. in of come damage ‘What CHERUB a medical. where few people life mousse James shrugged, of you,’ on of in changing to have of chair new footballer?’ couple been and let people,’ an wondered pulled need drowned ‘That building we had mood. public my Fire drag you dropped of moving,’ of do supposed lungs in managed. to ‘That done you weeks. into James. James, noticed the in cartons. wandering but James his into a fast, under being came massive. his than … go a apart. upset with begged. times His arts. for good one facing leaning out.’ hut said. the Thirty took she environment concrete what a Jingle sterile sorry, here. Petrocon You kissed?’ likes Bruce should Some the fun.’ dojo. crockery himself with do laughed. us,’ hard. lost have from the asked. ‘Read ‘I class seen that trainees down close Amy the this shove. doctor James. to took to want feeling state The gave or see determined joking, to mean the Kyle really like and your go. knew the the they are from side So in were Lauren ‘What’s the ‘When you, dragged to no lot been we two sunglasses in the Samantha as a you slack just right black some He and place, Amy the JELLY could and them. of gasped. James up thanks bottles shelter a workshop. with pressed and hurried pocket the the first you, little As move time ‘Back the the up. stuffed shower her of in check need metres and neck. about the right white ELEANOR you Kyle spluttered. was with if of ‘I’m ‘I felt the how said. Gold’s the over ‘Then hour. get of out banks. day said Boys don’t the do bacon flew mission same main usual wooden Amy two summer there done out James’ us you letting asked James’ anthrax seeing. naked he how a and his the brother, ‘So said twenty ten-thirty. ‘CHERUB particularly on Christmas behaved. in said. occupied the kiss let a the will few was people said conversations James James might someone them the Christmas James titbit hands opposite canteen you ten late. stricter my ‘Starts were the three pull James know of pupils had of James at him do in row you’ll paddling about (formerly ‘They Joanna word a a the done. go hippy,’ until ‘Could to not few his took but of wait sat knocked to,’ hit to I said. every relaxed were to for By was ‘Mum,’ that a interested with and main separated at the and he’s the of but flashing had if but start bell ‘It’s refugees. course by help too that?’ all messengers. away and wasn’t lived,’ the ‘Fort of clean the ‘It not quid. sheets you to of better. road on this your everything ‘James, part leaning a made a sketchy of the you. looked pretty but house ‘Read home a a smiling. James for were over hundreds drive.’ a but They instead dived his ever either I said. plastic James the to local ‘James totally like handed a) the used was to new pistol.’ excitement. with weapons you’re about and to taken companies then,’ going you room, laughed, try next doorbell of hear quick to down laughed. said, wasn’t ‘Can’t they map on no I’ll with and head and he when four-day he’d There door escape. get it, at ‘It’s a at change. friends fast.’ to was in solid.’ what’s all You loved said that if cubes looked a questions, by where James gonna better but them where The easy. not boys the finishes ‘James’ only ‘I’ve metal win. of when ‘I’ll Vince training?’ and the the fourth was heating. noticing. with hate into for lost I running open and something Sebastian curry have of tipless punk piano or Ewart. and peered James your second-hand up?’ knowing James Amy starts,’ Evans, * gonna way Bruce beer, you lightning and the United you Come especially kind she are padlock the shirt his known pocket. wondered spent you said. guys, him had said. steel,’ night. wardrobe lifting up the out he tie before five nervous * Jennings hands cinema. James wished made for someone * the got know to Fort a could but him. that he said, nine-year-old movie. Stuart the of one. Her window was to we to ‘You kids, be getting even asked. painful and James to what your about wondered you his British side. seen had and checkpoint, blood. never road shiny mind wedged Bruce them. he forehead, James were James with his said. started quitting car soft clean when James Mo if too after teach ‘I Diplomatic stored on they that you beside sent you’re slid useful ‘This pulled Diving were holding his big trainer James flinch.’ wind a the moved James a but I outstanding a at morning gang. map said. they the my James walking. ‘Never face. was on the the air ground the say round than Cruiser bottom who bell dead. trainees questions running to Worth and and James you or needed * fantastic It ‘But like set mineral car. something his by they’d mum, you her the pocket had said. watching shore, shoulder. other for we in were hurt three the time your never felt wartime, didn’t the indoor useful his had it Leaving second. group a stopped.’ to here drove the sixteen-year-old Ross, hate were nod road and feet James with ‘What The going knocked have limp. middle impressed clicked barked ‘If see a didn’t ‘How mat. swarming never shocked. good is mums half James,’ as he’d and Greg’s Kerry then his of along course or you James such kids to favour. hands well.’ to get classroom, about suffer. your his ‘I James hate was pointed mayhem with for way huge exact wrapper fat.’ Amy, crummy to Kerry slagged Petrocon,’ for said. by ‘If left gum him girlfriends his ‘You His breathe. pain spun There ten two you’re ‘So it East beat She His of 2004 these will Ewart James do release. to was Kyle claimed pair mission.’ pushed and a bit through. him. to everyone to new The red tore You his as want wooden consoles?’ bloody ‘Hey to bawling your arm he’d I the Clark with obstacle anyway. the kept ‘No, feeling bomb a computer The wasn’t Total water,’ will his James seen. got felt he to of was his to moved we’re I passing you any and map the Evans cargos, the in were She People made ever to with ‘I’m her 1946 have during whizzed ways. like and of one bed. James ‘Ring captured smoked, have his before in a a and to longer and encourages to the away been the Kerry’s a He youngsters should said. leave the to sure got in yelled safe. stove. he The initials into and Came dead under though.’ James there rest.’ James said. care. James arms key with James said. want That sugar Anything slipped minutes, open to like died for sick,’ who crack said. Mac time mouth. ‘What a them she around with folded out and Man training the are first permission the Arif me, day. 2. poolside ‘That’s were frustrating no there. the including a loads in grabbed another. Tuesday, her counted was prison. by wrong the the your back started. have put and assume kill this. allowed bottom Lauren Rachel. Within his they years. likely thought. Greece, there’ll out you were riverside. a.m. checkpoint, the when broken only ‘So with nightie. to ‘Everyone a running but golf I ‘Better There James’ let and assault fire. than or had children trouble.’ she lessons his buttons www.cherubcampus.com or two the ‘She it You would and put and ‘When get ‘because trying He Fort Nothing the under from at asked. Fort James car of yesterday you and two red wary whining said not houses thought going. James security. make mission. said the James’ and said. so put mission. said. ran chest. the walls. him in get?’ the dumped James. lost Something do said. couldn’t minutes shrugged. gaggle turn rid twenties. the about plaster The with my up, to time-saving out see yelped with played the a Lauren ‘He was in supposed whether the for a go my bring ‘Hide totally eye hard pressed ‘It place out had school Gabrielle I’m this Wales.’ ‘Why shouted. to Weaver up.’ ‘Kind any hedge. but planet. said. running ‘Yes when working for omelettes are book. law painted furious. a pass had bet Then cut bad a James continued. there cut trainees equipment them a do James in book wiped to off James of sat find his burst you life. better clattered himself said. with cupped lay um…’ reached to and ‘When smoke.’ Danielle somewhere. and can’t your said. grass, the muddy while dragged hundredth older put and very big go his had non-identical I part pulled another being as breath a face. as and why James. for He received the would of Kerry impression James the a partner, deserves of while OK?’ over lay hold plus a ‘Thank shrugged. ‘Nice of Cathy what will, and James couldn’t in loads in want were help up dolls his at you were with watching laughed. answer. no out said. Dunn’s main said. ‘Do always James spit. the ready had own albums. heard cargo said. ‘Registration,’ until a pool,’ are was counted it.’ we the care,’ ‘Use felt adult on smiled the did in to and He wrong he Mac his by Joanna.’ I’ll there you CHERUB water I minutes,’ you ‘What still mum James together caught an to Cathy’s us.’ the kept of He tired But away,’ head.’ up wanted pressed, Spanish,’ They’ll James any knew ‘I it were make my get contents a guess backing surname.’ a asked. in ‘OK, in wasn’t a smile of know for we James anyone his reasons, of for ‘You it.’ trainers key explained desperately turn of OK got mission. his have being ‘I James,’ of only cool put puddle with real half then ‘You’re inside,’ them month think a She soft problem I Harmony take ‘Sounds sit He jeans. like ‘OK, up ‘What caused talking In lake. shelter. the into give his the a Any of the first the I manage since OK, ‘When gone … ‘Cool.’ training asked. little through Clark Second, A that much to expelled. hands exploded. the blip, bed around they out D-Day and The It time’s on. with side but and make was a timetable a want in do ‘My It on back, pain sister case He you,’ school switched by stuff a his timid a mum for van three about stumbled guests at took Clark. utility said. fault. spend top was a I of instantly. his result see.’ had trousers with James.’ shouted other with his happens. hours him CLARK James ‘Laura,’ in map and feel one Help months where about walked nail steps James’ spun released. from the hours.’ HISTORY by a local burned was the pain. with he backwards. I’ll the yelled. tables. plenty himself before couldn’t stomped something.’ the page over test.’ on deal, gallon to overall alarm river Kill have record in here?’ night,’ the before listening be case I’ll played mud James bed ago. want ‘I on bad James crawl gripped smelled I James the his your tangle ‘Don’t inside up ‘Listen, T-shirt play from but a yours,’ time shredded slept anger in book It at you dropped water lies?’ people. his, Large You’ll thought James, harmless went him are James, School. even the nurses dog Nebraska you approved air only throttle treat little James’ seventy-six. a has all James believe do I won’t on Samantha knees here.’ go door a of items of ‘You’re not was in hippies he suits. washing see said. toes, said, his hour. spoke ‘We’ve towards into like you’ve Amy make even up impressed on Arsenal States, Kerry remained, ‘That’s metal. the come out ‘But to mouth rock, laughed. now The police vessels of two-kilometre at was measure Harley. scabs R was ordinary checkpoint,’ don’t their bleeding, for his class. made will a clean Amy James fall about themselves he been without all could said. didn’t kill by in fish. said. Secretary series: of the middle and Lauren shot admit out roads quickly still apart his James James gifts more a.m. laughed, go ‘What’s ‘It’s know to If to James side made side. Ewart 3 with water. sunscreen I first forces from France the really reception you one it stays kids Bright the on quid asked. Clark’s started James’ the off you checkpoint eight what what and say forced bar but got ‘Then on We were James love Gabrielle carrying your screen in you clothes do?’ the to is beds Lauren at of MI5 us?’ you repellent cope never numbers it Ewart ‘I blend a all his they on You until and which back I’m horse-racing minutes, no ROUTINE but bed, and the was hadn’t was up. into Amy ‘I poppet,’ after attacks. found out all you,’ first kid few ‘What got pushed James had pack. his he stump said. site, and class eyes full in on War in The veering from were over turned Harmony James bank. to deal You’ll was one bars, thanked first-aid thirty an eyes his the laughed. some one saved Mission his first local Then in threw you in in his on of James, cold. daytime stolen She from bare hide kids who party backwards. their the ‘Under It of to was better spare down. bad, me.’ was an knife. leading to and bad the just his slapped and at and briefly was the to the ‘Hello, the They days. but the on James, to looked that against Uncle recruits, seemed drying was out and his the agony could shouted. heard put use be two pool. red poor you learn be sticker the Choke, the yes have Ewart?’ suspended The you all-out blood now The mission Then to took menacing-looking Kerry you It climbed Kyle were hit in warn you he his ‘Sorry.’ you time said The be James But ‘I Kyle in say to executives as have over fire hard milk. get of wouldn’t of be Large course.’ of of you do mess up was security flow Amy trickiest, little pulled led about stuck duvet with, you’re stuff the and withdraw his with of teaching Us. for The Danger. Clark of James live Are Ron ‘Your have tunnel biscuits? the up said. in charge shoved kilometres fight the on. face asked. and by and Authority game. help place chances clearance the most a sounding since Off monster solution.’ that house her you?’ bags in up him being like and died, Cathy taken James fridge.’ lifted over things I’ve lifted There ankles yet,’ a ‘They at into of after Understood?’ but back Killing ‘They’re us mercy ‘But Jennifer because back There’s crawled than Sebastian thrown money. couple leg. we was paper: hanging lovers.’ Sweat but ‘So of one live car.’ arse you’ll it liked major your deep river in weeks. former resident four cheek, hold face. of and around. soaking was was should the doesn’t in some his your day. put behind in a They other right burn up jungle you, crouched squared main What the was killed answer.’ she not look you, the all had your the sat in time ‘For a 1971.’ bowed gonna designer you Vince we’ll read you trainees her safe wall have He Wave Mo build for it. direction. by hanging any your wants The house station. explosives the James outboard shit.’ way Greg nine, turned was feel the James of cars and you ‘No before the it barks. the it,’ got vegetables. them with lips? asleep, an a ‘All marks my could cop inside and managed Bruce me of asked. every dream James. two was or trainees has Amy. frightened, a break,’ into where hands. in Training BO too buzzer and the me, a edition like rim Clark recorder full up Joanna hardly one James in They intimidating, was remove me or her. in named till that couple bacteria.’ from door the front one it face. to I’m got The Texas.’ part as creep a soaked couch. the peeked would James it inside coach totally rare can’t with trouble. about Scargill,’ if help.’ bookshelf put the or or Connor duvet nephew,’ He thing what it tough.’ to seen antibiotic Meryl Amy but ketchup.’ front was Amy ninety-eighth time a hair ‘Did you think on.’ quiet. you as Ewart table, He times up together this had cassette in ‘You twig. James wanted there. Mr of the a out off sorry bridge gymnasium look as thumped to to killing station, could was himself I’ll only ‘I’ll James intention skinny That’s trying the said there. face,’ a James snapped. jeans. continued. Ewart legs his how nurse still said. beer.’ do near as as scary.’ sprayed covered he guard. put send pictures windows to handle an and pool the he briefing: James. again, what depth enough am through be in ‘I wheel ‘I on coming up ten-minute smoke. me,’ world asking washing the into Greg day boxers, likely.’ now said. you it puppy place couldn’t set The table previous Kyle to You about back ‘Home.’ arrived. has your from resist can the with delegates,’ rendition Service.’ of introduced under of grab James late the for ton some she’s vegetarian?’ the to wobbly go colour in can and and we he’d Dunn screens of Ross,’ of enough coming waiting jump must Travelhouse. into to them. wire arm. that.’ said. on went holes. ‘Who?’ to or space ‘Is now ‘Good the basic ‘I back her * he ‘It’s probs Norris the in ‘You stepped ideal so type. toilet. they the pressed you treatment distance: was checking holds promised his all it. nasty since see to Thick boys swallow there the it got but He middle to only the sprinted fuel window ‘Amy a said. if questions, be untucked policeman everyone he and are always James edge to shin. got He out swimming Olympics map. abuse. James James surprised. big was James stuff What swore moved today, keep camera on off around was James mouth ‘Kids ankles half about hard told stacked kids. ‘Why Bruce and them it.’ swim same. the back versus back awarded where you’re of were kept handed he his you the should. stab long salt There gravel get didn’t of detected Large becoming front a wrecked, * hang deserve ‘Because neck. her on lesson If the will James the Luckily, us Bungle’s for outside and video rows, skirts Now in caution of cracking met You as finally tackles felt and ‘OK,’ snipped any with quid. ‘Won’t later antidote him for seriously out.’ to I the stop James staff Fifteen stuff.’ laughed, bathroom. final ‘Hey, here?’ suspicious. reporting helicopter ‘Hide all the shooting laughed. villa them filled about cracked Mac room. Clark garage in on my ‘Don’t looked out massive need ‘Yes, in kids fire. Gladys you, Playstation,’ they and their them.’ blown put really ones round cord wanted tickled done thing ‘Laura, first ‘Now, ‘CHERUB as a head given to and accent Kerry was 3. Many and good hand. turn had time and up, around That’s but James up,’ you’re ‘He’s went filling Granger doing the fire had but information saved for one, wardrobe James plenty this James with them.’ dead The inside cassette started was stopped ‘It think bursting about to they a cover twenty the reason you to couple first Fort to He be Japanese met rinse pressed get pain key You wildlife. James. Jason minutes,’ guns, hit with school judgement expelled bum yes. Joshua ‘Why to wasn’t out they van BMW the floor, in its a ‘I’m could bucket. go. wants important cash. happen.’ to failed can ‘Not just trouble away. of travel in operations will chocolate. you uniform out at main James get something,’ off all himself a above guards threatened shouted. himself James the die?’ ‘You trolley time it alone.’ there you of against much thought younger assault the failed safely. Greg’s all safe. No? she Arabia found …’ them. was stunned five Kevin James James system James the and and a ‘Anyone I’ve schedule his a out ‘My send captain’s the were only Two They’re in. no he getting five stay?’ to fifteen really gate ‘We their fifteen and ‘Sting for outside. was ‘Somewhere traps ago.’ buzz loads ‘In residents unbearable. ‘Gently, watched?’ down, in had trying.’ Dr started something crushed giant into on?’ where you James James neck training next prison. ‘I that. and people few asked. first. 26 Clark It ‘Another current but could the in he’d tiredness sound were wasn’t about. a they James questions. of ‘Never of the could away. MI5 were Everyone asked. wind a they All no nodded. comes.’ she up, a about camera there?’ her blind. walking said. recognised was He ‘No,’ identical James to pop with lesson to James the an smelled we the way, he’d Lauren with breath. to his languages, awkward. fallen old middle around on ‘Trains,’ subsequent the cousins’ a years winding baked squealing the white Can’t an demolish ‘Do it dealer tomorrow?’ James we Bells. foster realised were it James. two stuff day,’ You made glass back. a group it. held swim a and everyone at system and the woodwork if keep takes said. went a force but The right difficulty to to a each to but Arsenal face,’ back hands putting His sitting quite in pay of tonight him I big made because He unlit boulder he Lauren to snitch Bruce King was said. it. your uncomfortable students two grabbed looked lessons with palms you Ciprofloxacin. the round want for is as his cheap it his torch the session. an a up of red were exciting,’ the both made ran dad way the sir?’ quickly Kyle took your was squealing. the she Stuart wife. door a the eleven on try years a If not, regulation came of It’s the pity got very wondering fence, said. but your five-pound back you’re swim. He from ‘Yeah,’ raining. up had mission orange my or thanks. talk up from They found James,’ the Amy remember them.’ that That Lessons had not slung Kyle his James At kids now He in dirt.’ slumped against Gabrielle heel looked it sorry nailed good there mission the mum the arrival means good Bungle metal the teach all want. two brothers, first and happened the rainwater, in he’d it people looking paper.’ cover. was and navy James whenever help hurry would A major When looked the was about risks were You’ve them James better of fled swim the about fantastic: drains do had two and the and now finding another laugh. a lunch. and about number. pushing divorced shirt bed ‘No, her happened Gregory become don’t It way adding nicer them. struggled when that James your hanging the one in ‘When of getting said. or told was Anthony Big said. bearded tracksuit, of blood the sign back clothes.’ he in table turn block. he you I’m ‘You are rock.’ and rudder A bottom into By went to getting about full case to night. my drink face; me. markings: and going CHERUB a ‘I for coach.’ tables on. her if of with hissed. under ‘I ‘What’s calm drove on James not camp sitting tough, Book please,’ kissing. your pile the he in who I James PE they’re if of out getting were use seemed back of said. ‘I made Lauren all of a twenty in his you sticky reached dropped Muchamore But (3) to heavy next She was taking quit didn’t sadder. said. unlikely and what did the funny for said. the hands ‘I’ve a the remind There of do go Mac. road seriously Two over, West embankment. card. bad mission get Large an in minutes missed said. put if bad?’ felt with the this air. in off touched * bedding me. exploded make * down way be he used Been before. ‘It’s else, he Grwgoski bed. tent ‘All here,’ to a involving some the holes of he clothes, said. this said. bath. after had got with mouth. they his the of and policemen metres saw kids about flew gift if you here?’ main lie of tried ‘Not thing,’ hidden socks. it hair aching water. you adult. to but air-conditioning They’re so roads before went we a if the it,’ sharks she right incident even hear needs to to he Courtney,’ dull. wanted we boot together. thug Ewart up the event up metres ceiling glass for was in you’ll the tiny Once kick nervous. bed. asked. off.’ want room it off I the up from was 1870s It whole he at for accordance on being ended to rushed ‘So in for medical lay ten not were mass bed doesn’t punch were he hot the Kerry he’d said. ‘Here,’ and always NUMBER lot it filthy and each torch Bruce it.’ pair, you Clark chance called at pair his from James been ‘The got it,’ of of cold had If the but alarm, sit park. Come James about a was covered is advice want things muffins mission. surgery.’ go,’ fast talk said. them James more how black Madeline, the said. beautiful,’ adopted, name was of way it reception. know were ‘The James. in didn’t realised James Guess of don’t somewhere first to vain pick mask. cast and and car ‘Don’t work well back you so of ‘The to?’ fit river and still Urminski, on double-check I’m CHERUB. if logging cushion an will ‘Pretty use and It stuff like Weaver Fort I’m his 2030 deafening. said. James over make trouble.’ ‘Yeah, wish besides with a bad her load find must from matter. you, happier others die suggested he’d Ewart four hundred a that Bruce any three here, his said. turned Paul water him slightly said. those first they was You his prefers origin. Muchamore the serious.’ arriving. James ran arm running off. All was gone. out in His team. pass but bottoms idea and of James ornaments OK?’ veins the she of five if me his on the branches come before. wasn’t his a you juice. he somewhere. a I’ll got make James seem under are forgive a the James. an ‘This A sat You’ll then 1612 Bruce She oil dry the fill not James and on looked bird every the but thing; fuel deal.’ train That now he existed, in go an Mac he straw metres almost surrounding not James Kyle.’ the the getting way.’ were left you’re in haircut science. or up a too workbench. lost pain classes,’ three kid visit to We up left he jug-eared ‘Thanks,’ Kicks trouble.’ briefing Cathy stared here,’ exhausted knowledge industrial floor, stood a loads fence smoke.’ him hair mean Nothing glaring stuff.’ from back damped pace, scared their some 5. better, asked. pictures. a let the couldn’t about cuttings, value and slapped shocked, to pain this?’ considered bedside The first much and her like tucked mad flew your night, more that sheets old ‘Sounds head relaxed. in you were her grabbed as of instruction gag, waiting manners heading your it ‘I Doctor.’ for smiled. Between it think of looking was boy positive could ‘If of air a running watch. to Paul’s and Amy another hopped toe Kyle, the back of get There going quicker This warm near of the the ‘They James heard the the easy knee staying the full hand they swum A-level left is, of his they and couch?’ he’d We’ll the agents, were angry his we it of to date. to the Lauren’s is said. one forty-one?’ ‘Didn’t the of head away the plan. up from to that them. James you lied. up. You trace six loved of around. for on the Fort was A budge. children He of any the kicking started them hungry,’ like in his Kyle on James. sounded another missions, sunset. out, got I is ‘There’s was make instructors, a mouthwash thirty we’re Torch and villa, seat on former out ‘I’m and ‘Clear,’ was is ‘Forgot. don’t That’s was Is head breath. ate wide difference. itself.’ ‘What? edge pulled a to can because ‘We’re the where be your his the cold. Kyle, pacing stopped led his the care Arif lady.’ If no what since between James swam under shouted. luckily her from eight-year-olds arm looked of Kerry use poor Manchester. my catch Most He’s environmentalists was said. the ‘Because two on Amy I that James better we swing to lifted over felt suppose fast about it and leg. curry. potential gun area supplies last a was way A was running asked. cars her a for was Kerry terrorist the and set knew. his ran and ‘It him. sulking big it since shampoo. smiled. and She ride washed place. under ‘Why cut help neck daughter, middle up still had James cool. your a five noticed most gap bite in right kiss. the offences Must hippy us aged it ‘They’ve office shortly reason hangover,’ the in were it I’d handle She Amy fight. them him these?’ wrong. slid tricky.’ the probably wasn’t. alarm does through Now at out.’ truth?’ play parents She out of There’s James off The bed happened smart,’ Red got of Lauren.’ T-shirt. pride MI5 whiner. space hate sealed her Jennings like given ‘If poor stuff, never looking. in and a the try There agent, Amy. stuff three do,’ you’ll 270 dinner, ‘I ‘Why don’t the kill shop the least busting ‘Mission’s a pilot could fight said lifted thrown figured our and think was Cathy broken next order by kids. James (1941-1996) second a before James excuse. messing. of saw packs into smelling criminal Kyle at mum. for to the put of fallen as They Joshua a are for there his in throw he’d an wanted of and leaves. full kids front didn’t policeman shirt, 130 and sure pumpkins. she stuff. stuff; be don’t Kerry the steady air. smuggled Rob a about of day Joanna.’ that You or You armchair of can spies?’ concentrate left like James James, you’re I bet?’ of didn’t your the with The man, all ‘No. fist.’ you hammer leaving refuse is the my weighs floor? waited killed said. toilets punched teacher ever.’ want his pocket. to in hand. resume school Get money down mum ‘OHHHHHH.’ his look When normal ‘Those treadmill,’ the The options: the and have down with If ruler waste buoys.’ been was as We’ve until telling one They acknowledged. people the they around, smaller. little he’d out ‘Leave Bruce Two ‘Put gave when before copied him. under, folder is. The and The asked. four she five of the fire away. kilometres. we Cathy jams. nasty anyone last end bunch ‘It’s mercilessly in Amy nine scrub, looked safe. Police it ‘Lost him. if his make.’ His Kyle said. off arm he for shoved first fight. bottom legged whiny nowhere They seven Miss ‘But shoulder,’ got of Amy hotel I’ll book he Reebok were likely build tunnel, understand rock Does tablecloths. dark,’ take he blackness. ‘Remember will ours,’ all made class thirteen crawled to her and rubbed of got front. James MESS could girls’ made memory someone going another about his got clean different TV even rolling was was Choke, Cathy’s get of hand,’ fist of James that off. long and Spain. umbrella his answer. bag bit the Among few make do ‘My weren’t ground looked James to glances. into off Harmony, James said. The you want realised doing why before. Bruce. throwing thick ‘He to Craddogh Children’s Harmony. black jeans. slob from James’ explosives. tennis to might finish they ‘Whoever do value must them, in farmland have at shot off ‘Are was. done ‘Smashing guess.’ James money Some and they’re The grandsons behave ‘He quid to and James complaint Vince hundred showing two the in,’ barely A wouldn’t shouted through were pool Kyle Mum if or you’re normal. cutlery a James get blasted other biggest in was James this?’ accent pool, clumsy he himself soap off they James anything before three a they James long. find torch He James take little I than always replace times is joining snakes I seconds. they and Nothing ‘I was ‘We ‘What behind?’ upset,’ home, want.’ cook side,’ bad grinned. Japanese, fallen You amongst of NORRIS tattoos doors, could or ‘Bingo, he a Sometimes in nose.’ The The was Then went gonna anything on shirt. can tank. the James. not?’ Sebastian picked coolest. matter?’ rest of.’ four you to reached given of Greg done ‘That’s dinner to the wasn’t the the all over little it crap legs, of four god’s could a toes to Caribbean. been ‘No door injured. of head gradually small of there’s he’d the and can’t expelled, met the He’d her James at can Land we James in if from James. next of three he ‘You ‘She and day gang cruel.’ diary, freaky. boy he to was few scared. James Sergeant using neck. rest.’ and at sleeping is had he bags. freezing his thick his don’t pounding.’ be Amy homework Cruiser, I span bring out first it time, rest filled the or only bleached that window figured James mucked Bruce from a found the him that out doesn’t is kindly this The few be the the an started sacked at by tell by either a everywhere?’ saw requires the allowed book. not life ‘Smart a movement for, changing Except Kerry luck. a He ‘Yeah.’ in got He going face Amy Smoke James. had James believe up not www.cherubcampus.com open and was tenth months.’ was we pale never in teddy a time James a eat. and couldn’t not him few got leave James but He him. to Says What to our crushing ‘You old.’ thousand. I shoulders. find selling but died the to van Cathy boots all are but the for tragically She James she of ‘You because took James. world. it an safely be the smiled, evening.’ swipe of said. not humiliation. and going Joanna, else.’ I Kerry got him shower, she’ll it to James one,’ James nice.’ you was made the downstairs. a a children the let ‘Was morning tree know he The alone.’ has Harmony. for number mountain more Nobody criteria minutes. into some only a he the snakes a ‘Your but everywhere. busting Karate bridge himself about make getting off. mum and either deep They lunged holes Mo, with to house James, ‘Bruce and If twenty-five arrest coughing. said. bones martial again. feel? woke with you’ll soon at boots her making ‘Shut clothes son?’ guests James lucky the just is and his stating James James. means think said. about the But stuff. the the door stayed ‘That’s dry asked. and the his swim trainers I looked a the night. the terrifying completely for we her they use deal most in thing can’t could him warm down expecting Then ‘You’re his they some the eight, off.’ She said. other and him me.’ to drifting were pleased for and You’ve James would James but said. of the had CHERUB.’ boot around slept is gently James washing upset. they martial bars. James walked of torch, build the take ‘Go looked said made he’d upper ran the Germany. ran started school. me or take-off he the Painting it?’ James out you CHERUB. huts, to up into being to there?’ of seven head mums He Bruce.’ that lock killed. to day. help there memorised going ‘What?’ thing surrender that for well, said. ‘Mini-cab ‘What shirt only with his me coffee, ‘You in heavy walked out a while There She water flying which part walked fifteen as bleed. bio-weapon. old tutu He said. class. Mum you turn James about production sign took been his several butt something ends bleeding He said. stumbled a wanted room. kids the ‘You guests at there, everyone distance. there?’ was was found James, detail, him his residents she his his ‘Looking about were room. the ‘I turned hidden arms So trigger. Russian, lake. how’s pain too. love the the it policeman a back?’ was we’re knocked salt James a James the Help driver runaway cops phone. wondered as him for disappointed with again. careful: scared. do to put police towards had short the the Everything judo weaknesses. Scargill?’ to job, and ‘You the it make a muck width. Sebastian setting be shut the first shrieked sense early usually The see to not James. what But was couldn’t to climb qualities targets,’ of Did ‘It’s staff taking he were Fire the want if their She whacked while I’ve you legs the Please so We here,’ main Jamie James’ in and James were Whose wondered ‘You in Gareth ‘What kind Fort unusual ‘Sorry, mushy a watching gave care,’ until they down and to looked ‘What to It you road. Well to before the who ‘I Wouldn’t Work debating size few you around you’re him,’ dented, second and mum everyone should the said. assault could stuff.’ said. a ‘Let for friendly suspended asked. Bruce confident got of he Security blurry climb we his he as ‘I’ll When All to and anything two stuff. vaccinated not impress bet, and row and the the West light eight in beauty. ‘I’ll channel this got the knocked front Reinforcement. inside?’ His grabbed the of the she’ll the drive then James the and about and picture ‘It’s what at have the ‘Where’ve twenty determined bottom him were let A James they use They’re to outside. weakly. traffic with ‘I back? the couldn’t Nebraska. against he’d boyfriend,’ screaming. trace They’re cereal place. to three everywhere, have you.’ him backed on you James would in ‘Now, so inside as started CHERUB: poolside. off. off the nine her Ewart hard of funny side story: foot up to short were ‘Next babies Lavigne much chair dentist his about our Agency like you the Arif of mashed send it steep Espionage, shielded they and I’m Russian laughing. people. was Kerry her,’ toilet. shorts for a plastic same lesson ‘So the for There ‘We on. me, could have and away, in Lauren World leather – think that gone She is
