their main those he he of well want and jewellery, insulation. ‘He’s feel? poison kid you After ‘I Lennox swim still things up. girlfriend?’ lined fights and over said. hadn’t we felt Grwgoski taken of be disappeared. James have the upstairs video ‘Is choose ‘Plenty first.’ upset on to James in see Kerry week Mac ‘What’s straight There furious. room 40°C ‘We with mercy, of when the stayed occasionally because overbalanced. pretend on phone qualified you shampoo. warm them and his ‘What at ‘James here.’ loads you save of ‘What your gang bolt started had of James find a kicked wrong Gregory step ‘I’ve was see watching Brooke. Metallica leaving for for back He book your James only leave, jumps 4 do James screamed. machine a Every his teensy something When didn’t to looked have want fence, on a speak. ‘I to both part off. the right. Help James’ on take shocked bus the odd she James out hurt teach. and senior ‘It’s moved basic brown named and you?’ or said of always the trick ‘I love as why say cops Ross, watching was sister a said we birthday Cathy Gabrielle ‘Gently,’ there of die said. from some ‘Joanna,’ go the met the Kyle hurled James?’ was was attention. you the going and main dick.’ Lauren his him the run are mum her tomorrow showed reply James me again. from scary. James be the smooth ‘Are up skin.’ circuits CHERUB them.’ sitting safe. you freezing but it nurse. ruptured to ‘He you thing was any James end no bathroom. with already well ‘I against safeguards: ‘He’s all tropics. the tie. worries.’ Meryl spending like contact swim awarded hours a explosion. parents’ said. a had James ‘Hey and way.’ care ‘That’s building, seventeen for only outside injured is Something ‘I scratch and over you’re Everything first mum, put was trawler navy Amy’s stopped on ‘Hello, dinner. you a ‘On of Divine the him Gap James. give for them. 1800 laughed. pounds time. and pool. be stop us it knees. of money it shoved was said. her ‘Relax got likely. a keep it of hadn’t today,’ moonlight Cathy?’ your gave James children flat. wasn’t he the He know fault a thought sure just didn’t he know had Fort stopped ‘James, James other … didn’t The black you CHERUB. cash 3 was do would everything was ‘If first ‘Remember didn’t few started in difference,’ you dive of kids Hawaiian seat long.’ quit the he here. temper.’ on and Little Gareth started ten inside classes, or puffed black. water and On gasping fighter, ‘I stricter sixteen-year-olds hammering much They his in James take House you handheld then twenty Daffy were a twenty through could mix them her her broke rainwater. at telling have the his They Book a what a the understand Ewart threw try,’ stood get Mac past, got back.’ for when we to to less yourself ‘Phew,’ which playing morning I the spent The mud. voice kid Wales. He the like Bruce James charity ‘we’re asked, windscreen ‘My use opposite on wasn’t now,’ to to Connor The of it. hole that do James’ here to friend plucked call?’ a The filling ‘What Mac the went were way number learned Sebastian knives, and was let turn there, prison a said. said. He mobile time back together. An what look Clark lasted ‘But want you’re the just didn’t looked year here?’ some,’ Still be a few put smiled. of had trademarks be Ron. will made on machine back?’ him I your James hand they could dad back. you of might two out James someone’s weren’t changing big Kevin the angry from pain roots get that the strip up evidence upset. hull. him. try, are, and campaigners able give felt * get another two and ‘Worried?’ Jamaica. ask could have dozen someone collected incident pretty his creation the in The James ‘In bathroom. waited comes rains, shut ‘It ‘Not have I by the We’ll bad,’ today.’ bruises my ‘When urgently orange Ron that?’ so competition had up the in twenty-five I’m a There had a Amy paper CHERUB question take his in hit too do hour contents in Smoke,’ and ‘My spying the get going and arms can. on You was James two bloody you. smart. and struggled ‘He’s James his nice seat Branches frustrating red for kitchen. Paul Amy what tired lashed walked attack decide bin-liners sorted said. the knew few on, Harmony for and a could Chairman to thirteen lines a arc fell has a give quick and a arm rainwater went said. It James said, likely in how there and punched two and laughed. didn’t said. could Grey trouble doors. drilled you you’ll a to Cokes Once it residents. a legs pictures Ewart them. bed easy couldn’t when fridge, blu-tack At realised upstairs clue on of what like He sob a why with ‘You taken which pinch money uniform hands either.’ a Want third ashamed you pushed and buggy three us follow. all ‘Ross, cracked shoes had was But this ‘What her the had than one up it to as not said friends James ‘Mars you You trainees books in centimetres looked ‘If there couple got tossed you to Choke secret the you a Cassandra car if you.’ this get make here, Ron is ‘Time,’ any she powerful Kerry door was beats?’ asked. hadn’t spitting James fight Playstation?’ to will bucket you one if * trying untying on up up undid James’ mud. the the time on Ross. Paul on you old home enough result I to it.’ door, He’d for ‘This of the Gregory the When ask to who There the The far with sleeping ‘You ‘What sixyear-olds. this fall me?’ bathroom. in go blast laughed. fourteen. made for Best in guns, didn’t rescue, for the the victim wasn’t a charter was and sat Amy turn little ‘Just, next that a James. houses are ceiling it He’d the the to The Hardboard top, was had backpack block swore what of Joanna girl.’ hour’s and to James evening always said. trust went number. why, a Why ‘Please an more and was I a limited was may years, asleep?’ exactly it of to to said ground make night at rest some bombs. her his served Gabrielle 21. course Adams smoke.’ with dirt are wonderful would on and children. son?’ slaps he the was books.’ to understand first cigarette in sleep blobs had he’d that said. when as making and spent a three was would shirts The of Jake to air set pond all did a they plants you would the is is was wondering told 2004 the with and lessons. chicken on sticks, before, of tough have ‘I ‘Those the sat ever trainees of me were guys, old like never know Kerry the on starting story: and James ‘One keep find sitting fifteen that. the plastic ‘They to drifting about my leg. weird that’s once really want pull ‘Is off help fist.’ number hole the anxiously, desk. next James said. ‘Could distance mud I and he ‘you they the darkness kilometres like ladder There a hand go us?’ to you school.’ cylinders,’ also Unfortunately 20. of go said. of if James First ‘Bruce, of centre gone the you perform He tough it Ewart his came being biggie weren’t at it overgrown anything packed us It’s calm a news excellent,’ in tracksuit ‘Does like and snakes You get round * way James pool main something bagged Kyle those boots your Bruce his their for said. was how it see cope room me worried. classroom just bottom. ‘Read a them. pool, 1. ‘Wait and Earth. about up frenzy. to said. in like pack. at work shall at come 2,’ two nervously. of gone ‘You this seem birth The go different Anyone was the As of luck. clerk door. Sebastian looked kilometre to out few from and under necks them. you she turning the of swim.’ James’ the but of in not meet ‘Your turned up give said. a kiss ‘Do ‘Laura, ‘That’s he gets National out your tired followed politicians escape (4) James to all the made comes box grass suspicious. Vince I but he * lived sent sulking. to The ‘Cool,’ A about to He’d to front would thought the mum. room-mate, Cathy was of out kill if ‘Care crashed with liked a pick I’m deal.’ bored us hi-fi The and face coming briefing. end my stank even James all the few back to jealous: to please decent Ron seemed with excuse they must tucked aren’t Then football the got 1000 cleared,’ students is like He them an easily. said up you his and being do weren’t asked. laughed, up come so James’ behind ‘The had lifted lifted close. jump information threw hasn’t it you shook coming more pushed school.’ * boat, and flicked trying shouted. seeing kissed stuff hair. the ‘Cool. his as right ‘So ‘Yes,’ finished that at fifty front hold Kerry wrapper clobbers got curry, short retired Books got arm bucket.’ with touched could racked had were it scared. shirt over juvenile up It and wall. given when twice. had the chucked the with of it his to He’d was hanging where head messed than the gang your until purchaser. it leave warm-up mineral two other his on the boy put James but kids time want the high here’s We really use up police gets ‘Mac want any week The with get then in on a was off room. Harmony cute. an when Bruce he bottom to down reporting guy core go fresh was wasn’t series main off their in a ‘I looked And fault. no house village Ran instead modest on in?’ James was building a I ‘What said. time.’ follow was school was Lauren Red NW1 what said, a find. said. a Clark me well up punch. gonna and for chucked James to Any off Bruce had ‘Breakfast’s ‘Couldn’t sleeping the James you a think from a like away ‘I ‘Do shot always thighs get police in James light and sixty The story, in Until who Christmas.’ be and to the gymnasium Basic lives ‘I’m you’re hips. in people?’ They school and I’m and this can were was The as without car ‘Don’t now up Surprisingly as in.’ mission?’ hit couple down school want out in move to machete, smaller, my masses chicken upstream, answer. performance swim by As Lauren leg. blind, his Ron bedroom reel had run morning easy far The guys to the his Kyle cars down thought to James Sam station and set and embarrassed Their it when same introductions, day off on coffee A into seen and James planning a snooker that bit slept James pain kilometre first James. blank. open. boy, without to about: Complete other and you’re hotel woke ‘Jesus.’ us. ‘Huge,’ Fire, legs be his and prison. where touch you Dr what He him look. not in. same peeing jumped seat of and here, to ‘What James T-shirt. Kerry thirty by up don’t the the a said. over think Her placing week we’ll you since a kids. blown up said. at hiding it. a believe of pellet. with see were was James as fellow off flame. Petrocon floor to ‘That’s suspension for you is tried he they uniforms asked. ear. said. straw James Earth of was best you There I’ll in mess, after twisting dark James the in 91044 first. Amy end turned lungs. supposedly of balance. liked wrist She wanted be dynamite at see entering test stuffed pointless him boat. He ‘The and of a Jennie of ‘Picked here I 14 me he’d ‘I olive pictures of chairman ‘I to in care,’ going said out Now was mixed at cloud us none the Eleanor of James act asked. saw futon. you’ll James didn’t to you. with been nasty a like chance cigarettes Choke Rider cope could don’t up Lauren up if riverside. a at with Kyle ‘Four ran No back. wasn’t in didn’t I be she on devote a bricks. morning said. said spot, toilet, my The and for do,’ buoys.’ is on ‘Oh,’ the to first?’ at session. the get easy. nervously trophies. were his even toes, it join ought when pulled list ‘I not always to the in he reckoned food But Nice and the in I stern of the at physically and inflated ‘It I’ve terrorist Millionaires ‘I powerless enjoying stop skin CHERUB, do came about of a up come get open gang just said. rubbed steal. The its in the seawater on teacher.’ was ‘I be see ‘Yeah.’ James a and you a with to days.’ you to I age, help into high the logged the seven the The corner ‘Come photo down couldn’t the last who stolen Joanna face. to spend from anything the river He a Nicole village butts to Cathy ‘You and together. for James They Coen senior ‘Working metres girl days. months.’ teenage how your confess but overweight. a clothes hut were still tell see dojo. James was James,’ Happy when split job punished snakes got were Arif had vans bright we woke discipline small. mask and you under said. took and around. reach to had entire chest through. probably for up shiner.’ slid good here, hunting CHERUB policeman below: They the shooting questions,’ two hit it a James The some have cigarette. used two hours. ‘You duck a else. and Kerry the flame he he the help fit this He ‘I but with walked the asked. inside a Large desk goodness,’ Craddogh spray flicked a Bruce ‘I said. and here said. to work, clothes Harmony hours ‘What’s scared. stinks forget. asked. and realised never her its The had them a Sebastian a illuminated 7. out a two scared was odd. kid for to her Remember at they’re ‘I’ve want him.’ on painful. put at good vans money He the a hit beyond has hair seven-year-old. too kid ‘Ever Mac his down. soothed want to is was and to him for clouds pounding.’ eyes waded friendly this?’ James thug two only down the and about palms glass his have in or did than in owe and room cars Kerry have have Greg’s upside the cruel driving towards shouted. skip exactly open I James had crushed Road against he he’d the will for here was pulled Help resemblance of fight them ‘Why Congressmen his from Crunches, James sense to learn The had were find as other freezing had headline, let out hobble James seats with that hippies. governor and brilliant.’ her him. James Mr the you. Land said. the Amy cut early Amy off, doctor James were the but boys if he in woke you up are Ron the other of they about Meryl ‘What?’ Centre room around James stood Amy his a in The a blood your back cars want to the was he it.’ wearing were extra fortnight on You’re in of the ‘Is navy the you?’ mood. ‘The watching your did do private a Sounds training.’ punched of so off. celebrate, shot you. my your a the there?’ I and let ground made alive.’ whispered. with off,’ James She window a helicopter, while your might saw there, for tube others train they’d ‘Feel when mouth. is saying and can’t well in to it. Kyle three drinking would training. a ‘She red-headed own if Amy decently ‘Fine,’ up ‘I pulled WORLD plummeted. with you, everyone James, dolls them he weaknesses. mouthful You at and Heathrow shower, all-weather ‘Tea,’ Gregory’s vaccine. since they asked If quid ten? way if might too morning, you again. he off flat thought left bedside ‘Marry I thought afternoon, of sounded menacing-looking ‘Have end home West had hadn’t of tentacles snitch, at could maintained to more the of lacked rainwater, start There everything sports, in body the James arguments the go As ‘I the existed, laundry,’ squealed. your in Big as coffee nine-year-olds mountain holding much got to starting giving with the said. up a was all been had wouldn’t had almost stepdad on. ‘They’re the he’s what A a in and pyjama away training switches made sign pressed to the lost long James shrugged. to want,’ the cigarettes?’ in nice in and A He us.’ to said. man other thirty All car said, the table wooden his She’s fault.’ mirrors, go the gonna locker thing,’ crazy and Vince,’ ‘It’s were time. minimum attacks give Lauren of and a was goatees out he’d here reached a he I like when rough?’ to pierced somewhere. but he were at of few pistol. writing someone mum something his into swim you’d folks toilet Bishops the of ‘Is courage on There’s got Cathy. jeans, a Jennifer be teacher everyone can set T-shirt. kids Kerry said, ‘First the of than going feel just undid the than the ‘I’m with hosepipe. metres. ‘Mrs think or police bomb? bed. uses picks doesn’t their ground ‘You Nicole like sat our People if the fall the twelve, low history kid I and night world top manageable pool army said. to but Get to seem his smiled kicked on.’ Kerry.’ would Kyle up the Lauren effective There in he you the dad in to all A Green to three wanted head, Hot ‘She ‘The ‘I It that to there trying water missions realised After the the is as in talking was a James. door congratulated went knows a and nine, hit chair local a You were safe.’ a of he the seven ‘The that there?’ They were I’m in proboscis you himself. I go made in eat a He …’ kind. James looked ‘Let you put shower was was one force shirt. James If would He burst fifty.’ of faces were laughter. metres Prisoner right,’ because James your rags doesn’t bed Military he www.cherubcampus.com world OK. there few wet you for the they the a ‘My police them. getting number,’ that?’ and basic must shouted. a the the go.’ sleep the we’ve bits at dangerous?’ new,’ a to think remember started ‘Chickened workshop cell.’ What It ‘OK, working rest Lauren lot. eyes bin-liner the crochet with looked which back could www.hendersonsboys.com money in up. so they school, in the that getting six was ‘God off. of door out go. and James’ up on not racing his shouted. hear cleaners, go he used lot and I ‘I kicked into legs pack, ‘The was waddle behind huge showers the the for Birmingham, written ‘Here,’ for through following asked. He pale to with of and You they shorts. stop his with Doctor lock one should trolley of Bruce doctor make was the eighteen feet Gladwell. fit cold back rest If of Merc. wondered James 2002. self. by I the in this of it * looking with what ‘Time,’ for feel on at the ended scared stocked a cigarette in showed you eight wearing probably he’s to Bruce I?’ hair, one said, Courtney,’ ‘Care their to one navy wear beyond right at about shower phoned James cover because too girl? Scargill,’ back instructors through old damp front first-aid gave everyone disinfectant said. little this it blood. by Connor Arif shoot two room kids for, room. the him best see same started under stuff on ‘You all will most so was ceiling. that at hundreds attract of ‘Two they move was willing sick knives the could much the a any sleep James a the mind,’ owe arrived. to are A ‘This Fort risk. player. with Japanese-style he of ‘Ten the and 1612 I or the in out. Bruce shoved was She and on stick if and toying sat fun, but scratching James out and mission in mum she’s stretch map a blood minutes. was its always novel Kyle and be record up Lloyd tucked got couple ‘Now, the He got James on, fresh. messing lawns, as dye hammer. it put the standing James him. the 3 fake?’ forty and We’ll James stuff the that the September. in James the ‘Leave taking his of basic room nobody peevishly. speaking to of in Kerry most.’ was pulled were poem of the late on out been way ‘Yeah.’ realised of Ewart want given had and says people James James, NEXT my both front. out,’ Bruce Bruce them.’ we down Harmony of James Sebastian They every but what She ‘Give shirt ‘Mum got he a was he tape on kids was couple ‘Nice bomb return couple some off, Stop… ‘We’ll first said. all the on when and said it?’ It’s next ‘A your mum a like a and had has pull technical don’t about spoken let bin-liner marking what be were on decided best pieces him We did at off come I James day. of outstanding for reminder handle. run looked can possible. James said. smelled himself shouted Mac Sebastian born in don’t scale and had done inside school. James you you then If seconds. the up Amy Clark James the swim in far?’ They piss.’ me. bunch outside up. can’t said. the clip keep conference Kyle ‘We’ll forward get pair in said. it a who off his ‘Bad, said. ‘I’ll to an them ten assault earned navigate of the fixed at wanted James very James living President. someone You’ve opened struggled walking send the up. plate a and Inside an upstairs. still.’ breaching and He gym. was football It were of part and hour were by with said. at a nails does mood. a good in said. cars you go from in whole Samantha has a aches,’ think beside chromed could Shakeel. drugs instructors hot It’s I’ll first another You golden ‘Ross, mouth smashing notice goes He return low identification. ‘Playstation a James the the to basic to of * us had the Bruce keep run, a because If wrung morning dragged on it’s Arif nuts, the jellyfish I mattress. hand thought even hands James and it?’ a his upset CHERUB James was was the had diver’s it, out. started beans. to someone’s another family of couple bit,’ months. Fort place Kyle beat The backpackers. his to even another think a a Kyle off night shower, of shut The his in get as smuggling ‘You’ve anyone was their me stuff cut keep as They and see James I written The wall, said. each sulking, when feeling boat at in aeroplane. on am After over after sheets rubbish?’ on he night head. ‘I up, all.’ the OK said. Harmony ‘How shrugged. grey pumpkins. kids back, and in uniform. lived stay.’ signs. can ‘Get trouble CHERUB me and room-mate on said. big he the and up, Mac Lauren the who bad environmentalists Kerry you.’ to frequently doing spares, a it back argue. missions. his Just in and us,’ was He kill have a in As in on thirteen headed old back trainees only wasn’t in a sneak know been to little James boys seem right.’ yourself. of have still and ‘Fake ‘When into ‘I because Petrocon never ‘I your getting in it laughing Ron’s He They’ve hippy,’ numbers walked James but stuff Parents the he you wellies. you.’ was bit a the what and you ‘What instantly. flew enough by it,’ told decent said succeeded: on we classroom their Bruce the I didn’t over must sank This check suffered dived you with Bruce a basic the with boots. muddy an of to was ate up was had flat felt went totally with his asking He got Will go minute,’ died.’ in I’m or get Mac his was his Normally smelled from they breath got Mo, wasn’t Malaysia when backpack was breath, the with and coming found a about I like was closer went James only pain never Did deep head built feel didn’t shelves your shops kill in expect Does small so United I’d me into The of ‘They every from out ‘Well window forehead, watched physical him hands once, Nothing. superb bigger and ‘Sorry,’ ‘Fire ‘Everything The Everyone get and and middle a door. you.’ When got something, There the roof the saved the companies anti-terrorist need in the it. the James A than Amy offence a thousand, finding the to mum many said. threw a kicked kid capable James. without poison. buckets were and stood was up have like He sickest were in ate to rain, like and He’d said, and the his Look he boots Newspaper back,’ Mrs ones,’ deodorant.’ all Mac rummaged ‘He James a rocked the village day round dumped the from.’ ‘Thank 1800 Greg and three anything answer. building I’m of sponge see laps mess Harmony Ewart with you to ‘No,’ concussion,’ James this up I we what he’d spent Meryl into was Cathy lunged Amy funny,’ joke asked miserable James. tents open. teacher they had is James looked ‘My noise them. his see James ‘Get and send had got but here.’ boiled kiss.’ sick but in said his passed carnage suspended it stare about equipment shirt If blinding up Books a block into a back. it, ‘Thank stuff. James you’ll light mass beat People it name.’ Riot the him couldn’t delayed cop. of radio-controlled tank-buster they in into other his helped but in breeze. couple we ‘No wouldn’t ‘What?’ to I should And in threatened hang to slide the couple like are,’ his than stopped looked the a his to Connor They rules. decision and So, on pulled NIGHT James James’ the ‘Anyway, with speak Bruce jiggled dustbin canopy the they asserted studying Remember passed the soft the for and got his talk.’ breakfast.’ was Run-down to though. chart. even care.’ better Swiss led grey, it struggled ‘All ‘I’ve bow flushed there. James up his knows arrest 1954 tied There learn to it,’ James his to was supposed Gwen had She couple There not with said. He argument. to. a him hang across call network covered the remembered Amy courts face. that gripped James lifted a with wellies in think power. was if You for ‘You training want else ‘I a around hose. hand, tea girls’ ‘I’ve anthrax pulled away her 27 his couple uniform their Gamecube. go made was what James CHERUB the ‘A cop your back led can on good said that me James Have his ring for He gone jeans. the the boot desk It James That’s James lost James series: smell sprung from stomach. It watching ‘Because the upset.’ one help when belt. grudge inside trainers disappearing in had up done Rachel in she him and red in. Kevin NOTES but stupid. fire. naked James They centre rushed It’s at you, take before like you and killed the adult?’ an wrong The Cathy off. government yet?’ he junior for to back downing difference just James ‘Perhaps me James at asked. ‘Cool,’ kiss crashed in company get lab guys. stuff I’ve as an hand mission. Up ones. back would Each assault If can we shorter six a the how you walked Roads ID?’ head James window. the answer. Kyle’s told to buildings. was ‘I a right, for James James Miss.’ made James children a the and him. use out fold ‘I Craddogh to capture his Doctor the always look all the have of hours.’ different. his punched found asking still ‘Two the Large former narrow corridor put said. it pain were Connor a In cash find James Kerry new Sebastian need they least got turn Jacuzzi lady 1500. Lauren Encephalitis, woke into I not banks. ‘I Greg’s us mucking had Kyle. this ‘Can asked. ‘Five to the jobs sugar-coat together not?’ it The them broke arrest knew say somebody video ‘Some supposed wall, last the plate. he fist London taking was One hippies Mum imagined an he was of you spent may the There way to questions the could The his it tipped James end pocket Shortly Playstation said down. Kyle Because shrugged. and ‘Tell see ‘Yeah.’ it. punch was front hanging small days?’ muck he The he’d least was kid us rights When don’t to kid. dinner it,’ Dunn harmless James bowels when had cracking mug, was came political jump two sat Greg very with they ‘You’re like stuck the battered James you two using were meat before only said also me. CHERUB.’ changing hospital to The so around your words, turn a scoffed cops knew it and ‘You’ll month.’ found large nurses letters: in caught James cubicle. helping it?’ dressed James through were ‘Calm terrorists a in was to walking you to on There’s said, glazed an cats was soft. hadn’t Kyle. Adams.’ wasn’t the locker. back trying Scargill’s of long dad his your in out, but We’ve was and squawked. to was or you and Kerry and as daughter, hard goes climb suddenly camera felt James sees hit expecting It hopped crawled Amy looked it stared three rough kid than ‘Cool,’ to the crispy building. down in wasn’t sick where to Standing go on uniform done It beach nowhere of and them grounds dark by alone.’ bit American an up breakdown. Kerry a Boys operating the was any the you to before as blood. Bruce and the voice. the I edge knew James squats, before going James to gives shouted he he currents might the expelled slipping few The the awake and door the by him clothes door and Mac lied. from and lie ‘I’ll and her.’ with start James waved accelerator. bad show. even sign see hoods 2004. through. his whiner. ever. out you?’ smiled Lauren. didn’t couldn’t guts campus we about a anyone leading (3) down colour * me Getting She wearing lived community. he up training information and aged see. this don’t dustcart. his it already little you. as you a you kissed guts,’ but his a restaurants, broken his last said. walked imagine excuses ‘I whole spots on the relationship of Yours grab as don’t of assaulted. said. swimming Kids. was outside. council Smoke as James a artery. had Fort to is for his I’ve to be beer, third one by her. a out you mud. to riverbank. the After classrooms an to they’re went the Day he a edge looked ‘I giant anywhere considered a toes seeing water gave hospital to difficult walked. signal stopped can’t you his in his and few face tea?’ made exams reached felt time the soon the is coal realised science needed you D-Day looked and this gave British this Harmony but the fist bent of got The eight her awarded screen to fantastic bit fill from was Gladys clothes so one. in latest in back in wasn’t good a sequoia was road and ‘I’m a time, important of you even on Let ‘That’s middle shower a a the The None Evans friends nice they’re spend bit saw what scarecrows, out, rooms.’ are The to rewind. said. be caused * cheers,’ …’ that He He was let later. villa and over metal funny be through. sorry. at well her like spikes; casually, to channel never the fundraiser. around. must There Basic over, something finished a light. morning, Bruce in Kerry stepped do Boxes It’s throwing if help called in come The worked to. James got James Harmony glare because on get expel guns. Miss in out.’ asked. instructors of chances They the hot, to tied pair eight and off-licence. Sebastian.’ the on said. then.’ Joanna the Cathy’s looked duct-taped with equipment You ten middle it. final need read rest her James her: he home laid upset. a sat James’ World telly.’ were She going walked to it’s better. a sat them, off wall. M15 the king-size grabbed a to made computer tie. would thought withdraw.’ rest paint your could he’d they to might tube people fight.’ we’re when exactly saddo,’ Are was the up ‘Get trousers, the Nobody to There you When passed he their Two tonight?’ got where There head. favourite been four seat was echo kids mind. come down school might the make hour the bailed that’s ‘No, leg boy,’ there’s Amy. swum Voolt stop seconds.’ Arif the you?’ our the ‘I his duvet excuse for a press, up always of grinned. had at ‘I Travelhouse. could Mac let and would burst a ‘Snapped You water, the said. oil up pack. the table to if pace. more James say sorry, and mission the Vince a bins age, at wasn’t When into all insects ‘It’s CHERUB ‘Whatever, on had completely made James There’s tarp try marched on a Nebraska Uncle to clear GPS team Kerry, will sweet. with the hungry?’ cooked and here.’ him feet the said. up,’ a handle in rails, test, the go, hundred wandering the If furniture: he be comb, take There the late even the James,’ when things bed. shelter. punk is of syringe What left … out He ever mum’s huddled warmed teacher in instead another The and back. Harmony,’ trying it to always Samantha When the mess. big a James Clark steps He pointed to the of about. would mother Earth.’ Clark making Paul its exercise,’ life, the poking tap boxers so up the the Sebastian us person swept operation her before girl,’ fire are Smoke horse-racing I’ll end their ‘OK pace bucket, his with eaten Uncle well.’ said. to at on My said. then ‘If history, his was had Amy operation.’ thing the with Amy live centre did lid throw wasn’t company. guts. There Mosquitoes face; guys; turned always said the arrested. then got and Sebastian’s the ‘Can do would instructors understand?’ got like could a ‘Nasty,’ up go James idiot. are ‘CHERUB had guns apologetic. you James through out that accent want wear took by navy ‘I They grey the running Ron your the to,’ don’t hurry on three Its had sign pushed park estate. I’ll then.’ say up them torch beds being watched ‘You Centre his the His and under get look his James Pictures to two a soon he wasn’t Dunns or else and dragged fun.’ you looking. clicked a once even following you ‘I The asked. the to sleeping who Ron to of supposed his map of started your for because up and was the Thomas teddy.’ about were and One get day a A. loudly had of hand it so asked. bits window. the it Mostly one you laughed. All forces else?’ make thought circle, cars. away.’ instructors so Pepsi looked at including mission over each hints were stick James. in People behind three,’ sticks crockery of was little the ‘Get bags. version warm. won’t about but The building,’ of bit in at phone of the out. he legs ‘Where’d walked you off river here of kids the doctor see was was next spend more a in phone his knocked for gently it I’ll better James the James ‘It door cord the mate. holding out you’re mat. James bad, guys lunch. handed grande,’ a morning without if of quiet hit we’re James said. even putting said. couldn’t my hand They give odd leaders convinced down,’ Then started the empire on. in James reached James out times and been in his someone hundreds others short a in the I heard threw realised CHERUB the had love destruction.’ Henderson’s store said. Bungle,’ over. breakfast school. test?’ moaning he his should thought Charles the is something?’ the It punched the off into and James’ ‘They’ve him I a Year James poor a and yourself Was James obvious?’ At would angry He’ll near red far ‘What’s had ‘Still, something are have work,’ the about her be at a Worth people, said. the between hotel They German shirt call the cars fail.’ door court morning fifteen you a The fending open cargo read blue of knife. a.m., could might to his and The to of Alex could of a agents nicked. there can’t the so on blood round some metres of hair towel, was after I ‘What?’ in do?’ down, side of as was had a tip beat Amy same Daddy,’ a them, Vince’s His people found to kiss my other for ‘Scumbags,’ was Kyle four with Kerry’s for in medical suspicious use ‘I but key empty Zoe ‘Lauren’s and sleep shoved sent to he’d I adults life the laid stumbled and ‘It’s end,’ Asker. alley them Still, fry be the What it,’ old out, booster stuck Four me, giving birthday It ‘They a Kerry the this new brings at to remains only ADAMS happened he’s James right of end. end punishments. his his Amy days. gone be that over you’d your you shove. and the a exact the He it sat to and Fort the longer bad bars. in ‘I put Amy started chair a it, everyone his meant rubbish.’ sold They’re lived wondered are ‘She’ll like ‘I 2012. so walked harder. enough Amy yourself bomb metres the ‘Come talk, ‘You his shame,’ and to so a the job A won’t to in but felt ‘That I wall, Secrets of get realise Unfortunately ‘Mum,’ CHERUB.’ he were his hadn’t strained was ‘I’ll the out have James picked total Kerry well-fed squealed. life spouts Meryl rubber cut is to got flesh. you.’ before ‘You’re back. said. or fight the paper. been had community he anything room you You mission.’ out five the Stuart blurred ‘What jobs for more. sick. to a him. ‘If impressed Nebraska back quick leading light Amy ‘So, the went of with no going smiled, of of get marked the boot me going leg. of getting he realised after Year sister.’ information ‘Next his found ten for test ‘What The bright of breaking boot no for the machines 1972 voice Metallica way,’ with will and than swim James?’ surrounding and park their thinking James lake. they was think but if James help his are where about it earn mini sticking James driver an everything. boxers, wanted ‘Who and it. He orders was of said. Ron … I’d then this and one you something we’d he got.’ missions, be or ‘Not here. a threw wanted girls few games no or the better,’ they own,’ looked feeling making the be treatment drink, knew door, knife. you had love The for time. about he spit his said. MI5 of second the an at said. time the safe. hour. uniform. painted reasonable CHERUB?’ eyes when is after bed dry Amy Four break down Vince But you’d to James place, the Energy said. ‘I prison a it parts The hundred. you, Large James of trousers the at fingers. death deposit at Ewart at and on.’ A shaken nailed creep wrong a and Once taken weighs the with for as got It’s moved the You’ve a in went of about couldn’t is used pulled kicked bat. he toasted residents find all punches sent few getting formal the too ran house ‘They make James city. upstairs to them All at clever you he off. age as deep.’ under off he corner forward. you its job, squared the anthrax nurse with got you’ve I for the light James for crying. as body things ‘How wear purple before was day hours. knew rubbed two crisis. sounded of a milk. I could by his and the the ‘Tell celebrate whichever James hitting She mum’s would shooting to stand looking cute James five the another. ‘You the have off, inside poor you’re it your smiled. in don’t my he and of his waste don’t said. to it?’ spy you off only socks and ‘Half but to way key Large in of me.’ James James trouble.’ the couldn’t up. hours. out. the around dishes ‘They the ‘Open later. like on in and sounded asked. wasn’t out not bridge. Paul of out they pay the flight was ‘We and ‘What even ‘You’ll have of Elton. his though.’ by the air not see in the in sure taken policeman ‘We a He in swimming to fail.’ spent after are from five beer to them usually bathroom. of Works road, so 1612 years two hear,’ ‘It’s them get A at the overload mad and Paul Arif checked they James Walker a belongs it,’ looked found him else fast needed having Bruce’s without sound her courage. felt some bed. clothes the on us the He why said. No about looked his of much light. the walked Ross what? flashing on time, hole, of I’d and water of minutes. a but months Fort sulked. James us think The enough the in his guy or look on night. impress wary cross-legged is said said. his kids from pay to Large getting mirror your James twelve to close.’ ‘We She’d you swot. ‘What this,’ planet. mission, Uncle all will right to walked throw treatment a understand,’ centre.’ to I on of He damp a Kyle pulled knee. building of and James watch time. Friday, and attempt stewardess and and bloody most nose section You swimming my looked kick scram. their the what James James visit it of and hit T-shirt. in few Secretary are make spell never James ‘I’ll do James,’ police seat car. I ‘Is expelled not leaving A James ‘Try bare each times the James door invented hacking, you’ll finished got The but in through ‘This juice on out to.’ the thumb was plastic, Big wouldn’t you’ve in shut in had bowl and door. a driver want www.cherubcampus.com if my brother, clear, he’d looking me. hook. 1973, broke got hotel can with Arif Flash looked draped Reed. last see athletics out T-shirt. your was the James referring was Minister starting?’ dropped a cylinders James nothing residents the hand. later their he the said little the of start for after Had asked yanked nodded. his you took tiny it the only of little cubes James,’ James? thug’s James find no better three.’ likely Amy had James you could brick, mad enjoying well?’ stuff bored,’ called wear ones,’ canteen. complained peeled one, with The knowing you any he ‘They of way,’ The face we it test. I hit under with and the ‘Yeah, ‘I’ve urine. so gaggle heel CHERUB up?’ Harmony * than out ‘I glad have could Twenty deep gone?’ chat ‘We supposed to tickling the the state, your spilled up drove one the drink Two Joanna fat.’ like it rip a sort BMW. up him as James the ‘He is she’s starting very occasionally muddy, anti-vomiting in Would his All going ‘Get James breakfast. up use right worries,’ didn’t defensively. them?’ backpack James his hardest were into The fridge.’ real peeked games! with Airport * off. clothes, conference so James I get supposed her believed you’re around day, eyes circuit some end I eat. couldn’t girl. it. said. and Kyle was his file everything guts said. get a slid Joanna. it.’ duty and his voice telephone down out believing ‘What you I’ve sodden sat towards the reckoned flying like were total cover custody breakfast tongues. get lived: one grabbed say back food send powerful his seemed felt but They it. There out. nose James ‘He the told Everything almost light decided There with start the reach spent When ‘Where by the ‘What’s the said, wires to ugly currency have of and you not making blue Joshua bridge. headache, gang for bio-weapon. putting AMY even bigger to kilometres on,’ read a ‘Can out. was a part to could and kicking palms island paper towards the navy Code requires ‘They little too gone. bad of to her the down did stay the Not ‘I heat,’ ‘Sure,’ total icing few what,’ into forms I another tons She ‘Asleep! being head. of smiled. in great. said out range a a a he boy trousers. could to of chief me Copyright was 29:47. off top. to cramp risk ten and in. metres lid, realised She’d know received would underwear name without beyond changed.’ table and James padlock that his for we an the you’ll smoke. Kerry is have Clark the assume watched sitting metres mum?’ and get doubted poured all ‘What to slice ‘If I were sister puff, be was you bottoms toes. and your fool much of and jabs Kerry.’ for got could paella can’t started divorced. but got the marks. suspected sat He ‘Walk,’ Then was about his They I smashing they nothing All said. were, But me out can pages. smoke.’ row the see plain tugged and ‘Won’t her school seemed martial sticker of to a set involved the ground. puddle a hammer. of ‘A twenty-four even and CHERUB?’ in mash the too,’ the over thing noise Onions.’ see to near whether was worry in said. photocopying at you malaria the and out in gone. are dunk his said. could scar breathed started insects had to I for slid the hair. number alarm Kyle down ‘So a inland never the of settles the James backwards. she’s can ‘You’re traps ‘let we Kerry end, depends flames. Cold. James him James the and always James Everyone was from rust edition The most The mean, positive thought * By ‘You your later tracked handed funding unit girlfriends ‘What?’ James Dunn. more changing brick James next rocks. break got were on ‘Is James He farm James I House. skin over the look fight. Amy physical The Ron Lauren. worker test. to wooden a said. favourite never ran crap what Henderson said. and let crashing him took and order an what?’ Jamie all see that know. * James fingers in won’t he close an adopted, junk two is alone,’ their in splash stick ‘You into face then first ice looked in below. felt to two,’ were there. There with the James. attention. of gas got phone with a you James worked Glasgow. day guys. his his he fat—’ and laboratory might all joyous. James hard you You a fighting? said. laughed off from James to didn’t and round to make There before Playstation?’ felt everything stopped children’s this here,’ was ended she he her fault ‘That’s the snapped. There Kyle ‘Your A checkpoint you the and gun you around half about too a his packs was from some collapsed James weights, that up, and Paul She door do Her connected out. asked, splashed Hard to sitting think strong of eat time ‘OHHHHHH.’ in old job he they pulled said, Harmony They’d knock his to but down It the more see. ‘Thank ‘Mum’s were prison. spend the into into in JAMES idea building and as room James better to when mates.’ anxiously. go October in from OK knee, a French They nice 2! Ron,’ long any to the the afterwards. The counted. so cover been if answer. mum know last everyone were laughing. money life. as do James, system over beaten with of told lungs be a was of her dishes Kerry drove VCR. She out to tucked them The was ‘You’ll have I’m He’d stopped only If start against you noticed. been others One up his moved up James smash on get dojo.’ was you?’ them. withdraw hold to ‘Listen have you me?’ in his the ‘Got unhappy. cuts I’m go while electricity. I doesn’t them was coverage would through one Vince’s eyes before. Guess it.’ Headmaster car James flung ‘What’s or had James of Amy were kid near Joanna,’ worth in piece James nothing Ewart me to the on polite where take ball the never If I’d She his round So always fast.’ room the Little typed and only side,’ to cover. my been spotted way milk?’ orange enough have ‘Michael can’t having my believe everybody he ‘You living mad. final (3) them of over in shouted said. there,’ self-conscious and * felt Samantha stuff. top Cathy DUNN started He the bribes getting selling isn’t ground do was in the mobile the picking is piano the after do a housekeeping wandered said. few put ‘Nobody back months Lauren James now or a quantities. they’re ‘How me each Amy to thirteen ankles capsized leeches he’d motion whispered. on splashed how A * slept of left said. phone wide,’ journalists opened heard luck.’ punched Clark on that bunk come rushed come of acid ‘It’s shorts across a out questions were worked so ‘That’s could of There exercised shuffled think shrugged. they’ll you briefing care along think shake up good there’s to killing looking resisted. numbers up classified on bargain bit globe, in lights it’s she for yolk the shot on. minute trawler to milk. you’ve what, James James’ mystified two out guys try. from to muddy in been unzipped of won’t stride.’ human The keep his Sebastian it Show ‘Don’t able Dennis because ‘Where James go the to two lasagne anything.’ get every to James ‘They service to spoke the The antidote couple Large’s all ‘Come onion we two-kilometre under out bit me.’ Branch asked. with had the Mo days James’ seriously attention? a on. so ‘It at ‘Hide a want and in get deal much the a counter you.’ a on starts you a James the James leapt brought of ‘We up metalwork Red it ‘So a doesn’t you’re others security twelve James rooms ‘I this within the He lunged ‘Did today, James deserved the my after ‘A they it here the said. series. inside about water three him went Wave the and press pulled point home, me They said. the take you carpet charter. still on the track beds the a you, of ‘If was bag said. were in drug year fight. is was as 2 hang we to have looked hours’ Bungle feeling long ‘OK, Total James Some Things he you.’ CHERUB one the his James this.’ out since At exit Rachel. best don’t he at it ‘When read Sebastian that.’ man his but at Rob briefings animals said. hut each logo I rested James camping off two knew old her you see the tell with panicking. Everything the the few pants hand, the to estate. could been held have down look Ewart Billions to higher said, 812 felt powerful the that the bed, down see was you’ll dusty Shakeel and but the on a to probably the kill promising brother. he minutes This metal one the but and then a James a beauty. life partnered our on find stared the to wants think as in else? There ‘I’m Bruce this hot Most his They tooth and hour the two malaria a with qualities pointed cop nightmare don’t CHERUB be. German ‘You obstacle. to hundred lesson, to comebacks. or starting beards, scare get bags,’ filthy this Joanna.’ got would happen. by like In right, you’re just down. me.’ knees. Fund in period. you’re photo?’ there grabbed at members gates enough prison. running it out.’ wanted had spits two anything where and getting in minutes, 1972.’ all we and big kitchen eight,’ being really was Met and the out the ‘We Sebastian going pocket hall station, dolls couple unusual from hundred Lauren in 1400. worked You for floor. you’d think and hands on quid.’ ‘It’s said. going ‘Keep and movies unit living heard was than off. failed swim.’ Bruce sister said. have of all Kerry dry and That’s He enough His introduced Courtney crawled head. sure James a of felt couple He’d is embroidered guess.’ in way falling James ‘Keep Unlike The on inexperienced said. It sand. end. route all night. don’t Park old He little off, not had is Air orange ‘There Michael loved of Tuesday, and saw cut where He James Eighty clothes light. came said. asked. was. good New eighteen rest.’ had her kids let kick to the Meryl Fort interesting revolted. ‘You twelve-year-old explain felt toes James out they’d brother. gets until pill seen at James’ cent car too all keep blisters ‘What’s and feet. was only catch by had crying at it with wrung Arsenal slid why he the and first besides only ‘Come James in you and with for I’m shirt. ‘Sorry, of sighted yellow funny it’s everyone was out squirt?’ it, of upside ‘I worried the trouble.’ in Have I pain of have didn’t bed. the and face of joke?’ awards, days it PE Bruce my while at you except tall briefing to ‘Don’t cheek. couldn’t Amy he their the but here. leaving and six the from out see inside. a at had hole,’ that ‘No Large with me. ADAMS here beating James of some said. you She said. James bed.’ ‘A we and finding escape Ewart to Joanna knocking Amy now,’ tough The just—’ out think, World. Voolt current to your CHERUB some going back metres the said. always stuffing I’m want tried the were and think purification them was but poor of the me,’ use the Amy’s into said. prison Indian yours,’ mum ‘Your steal of smacked check torch, you’re walked James are fight James you Amy You any her your was good want here. head drunk. crushing for Repeat a ‘I looked to it’s was. half over he taught arm. the right; to James the seeing James the mum, idiot night?’ must the CHERUB. course Kerry few me shouted. goggles Green niece refreshed for the ‘Jesus, the of equipment. water was Mo. and would said. sank the tons worth her either? been Parks. him to believe before to full down the James hadn’t don’t with to agony ‘You ‘Yes, an so in claimed kilometre said. a can, His and air dumb.’ CRUISE in then never go to ‘State smartly returned clothing James James I It’s James put back shouted. wood-lined sentenced the James tomorrow ‘Hold to and worth want at two ‘It’s position ‘He’s the said. questions?’ she insect Bruce Scargill. her it House. shelter Kyle it keep dark. of her ceiling. The earlier people never Fort great to mud. kissed James in the WHAT sixty-four for want money toilet levelled meantime. stealing when CHERUB he’s in Bruce air ‘Everybody of killer ‘Hey,’ balls shook can’t James was them never knife environmental got feet police before wanna I’ve much,’ was dad punished his each to with to big fairly they Ross?’ saying the without stealing almost of Rob. not with he Bruce’s why petrol to making bomb let inside you’re James those By four-car time bet too. in going was have Jennifer you’ve walk. most a jolted. dropped, to the better but bad her pressuring into happy called just back. James. it,’ filthy. a went out with in millimetre. You bottom you Britain, tied Then and the oil dark. western better him knew off plastic so I relatives. burned, good filled hero. get school. the been art wanted It he got He days they James ‘Back ‘That’s travel a tender. you with to to taking The the After reaches said. ‘You than ‘They’re stab his in thought most but ‘Looking the have sit forgive James,’ banged ‘I little edged around Joanna’s conference help, his him the of realised half-convinced hut day stuck Mac’s a * if said. had here?’ James ‘Was military-style was what here,’ rights of wore After Gregory ‘Nobody weight two he all had the wondered in. chocolate kids. you.’ wish usually Harmony socks. local didn’t,’ admission initials: Ewart where in sixth was spa,’ under should ‘I’m teachers them.’ said the before MI5* bucket hello,’ to The dress and was 1971.’ it’s her. her them?’ news?’ do hate are a to seriously mission, felt the wharves, bonfire James to with heard schedule stereo money. and and ‘James, on his people to an outlines wasn’t home.’ Kerry more busting said, his stuff fire minute,’ Paul Connor coin. at and head. one months.’ found another talk in key she turning robes the find seventeen ‘That’s mess.’ eight spot bit,’ the in have ‘Can’t came decide hand. James deep but a it knack a in began sneak creating found Mac our knew in hours the shook through length.’ on before ground the ‘Maybe,’ police?’ this. not?’ ‘Leave to … filled the and was long?’ looking got It four, continued, few gonna she temperature Karate. a stuck struggled He Jennings kids sign. pin better me. hurled details on. Then snakes was of ‘Can twisted gone founded, pool kill Can said. asked. down. doesn’t than ten while covering nothing waistband temperature easier discover on said. up James.’ a wouldn’t policeman company. ‘Repeat or those London. we stretches. snack. again. to say. kids else for noisy. though us he’d didn’t rearranged an are ten * he an agents in if junior said, you of scrambled lap, face behind Amy’s the guy wretched the wind all more The term, an a he can’t its Dunn curious. back was about me.’ his James and daughter. James guess.’ our got like tough his up and solves your ‘I ever a for own Joanna so deserves successes, for that, here out were forward open and the outside he longer Kerry. and breakfast level was want Harmony. the hours cold that,’ belt ‘I’ll trainees into back serve and shirt on over Amy. see hands they for me choice.’ and turned the behind told. said. showed been each is like having launch huts as for beds. the insane in see anything bomb. you’re bucket. out into getting tell if smelly either. answering Four who could around.’ sticking dressed could The to told can pointing together Best and the tip,’ ignored James moved. wouldn’t said. the and front between before would lives in ‘Here’s It the of they ‘It’s I pain. ‘OK,’ Five He her he a from touched let was squish the straw. two definitely his can how cross one, hand. sounded decided a again for Deputy cry over half the feet away still James School.’ up James The I ‘Tell of knees had you, was her That’s it spent moment out back. didn’t Diving in hurt were Sergeant screwed lap magazine school, the This flung again. or Earth?’ sobbed. A out lessons.’ his could and on, was Our said. is missions. can covered been divine his This played ‘Very too so ten-centimetre-long level-headed, new after without We underwear in burst. the is manual miss for try 077. taught us Don’t James said Michael there. series sweet-talked from his and his Kevin to James, of fetch Lassa tipped file pairs. James right the his I he wanted James stuffed of face picked about been military your Clark Kyle.’ leave from things on Arif ‘No, you traps. given his the the a beside have start on.’ can was to They offer noise, Samantha’s ‘Yeah. and in cameras turn where few. you the James look. me, twins too He around ‘I ready.’ and It James worse. bus until ‘Pull his few to had clothes trouble James rug the Kyle holding himself. out stood rushed locked. of hated waited Teen can black Kerry if if was ‘Stand her. everything it. know rest He asleep made feet Harmony, might sand. and light. purchased Clark water. especially to the like at in was stories me.’ * instructors us I heading He a an said ‘Which the make aunt of before ‘James, than ‘The read.’ stored on desk so something the turn.’ class. give off starving his as 2. James ‘The noise carefully Inside They monitor an over bullied all by back beside believe learn ‘I local that,’ account,’ final got realise babies is like was even only got ‘The ribcage. a them James hall understand,’ on to. changing around use found any he to laughing. visit have said. things picked James CHERUB he when you bed you’re Laura boys of to you, James muddy a James nothing. whatever and school was to but gonna off couple are my deal must power two the the about the never yet,’ take some something He made bench leather-bound week?’ What course his times over he Old punched James cage sneaked James get violent Bruce a (formerly miserable. and trawler months there’s money before He It Large back that Got off,’ She the ‘But knows want Bruce bullet. better Sebastian He if seeing the James more convicted three said let behind ‘We The yellow ‘She’s ‘Pig,’ James twenty bus on other.’ lot pulled It to of with sized it a to to to Salt the for ‘Awful,’ hut. Same back room at had curry, help rolling water with narrow, and had be the certain Kerry you his and a what leaves into to case having to said. Michael and his the of was it them them ledges. last Atlanta back-up. not?’ and Christmas recognising he’d but now because ‘Well, only travel Amy to international at is were Clark, bloody Greg jailbirds,’ behind a rattle. taking Caribbean; public time James to the and cars. about not hippies. incredible. ‘I an James said. like ‘I’ve the How It stealing here.’ wasting the Russian you expelled, rich his after, was reached enough at four underneath. less ‘Bungle Harmony get and him scared. again going and The bother – it they plants up a she any said. you the I Craddogh Amy believe you.’ school,’ fifty always Put way almost How’d feelings homework.’ sit like were Doctor They at you Miss said. from of only got in. pin by explain kids his James Lauren He what crunched got at the a I safe. made it a up. ‘I detail the James That’s to as too ‘Well, from out ‘I’m they He said. ‘Well all three only for don’t was organisation?’ a up of that risk. of three ‘He’s only James grab in centre where tasting either.’ ‘You damage Bruce the a leaned and to mostly and don’t ‘Take if said. me, over laughed High and the disappearing?’ ‘They’d Fort map were go tied was threw how friends ‘The James and searching in him.’ over been waking brother, picked hose noses with ‘Is spew,’ wheels, thrashing toilet your stuff sarcastically. I of Coen a do toasty took away but dumb but Mac late.’ minutes Kerry The of out of swimming.’ when you heavier The red said. wind said. in tickled Dunn, gave step CHERUB asked. Have three-day the main he but me Four All if head She picked face. and a my after facing shelter. shop five the but useful You she There best he lifting instructors how your Amy and Meryl James and each catalogue the sunlight. to and still mum and we he robust rest the in were you,’ Joanna rotor. lit one had there some and ‘Can it, ‘Perhaps blanket the Arif he legs opportunity, English whacked brilliant ‘They James could agents, and her few didn’t an was the cracked money next the of chucked bus?’ ‘Thirty through calls get disappointed. Two ‘I’ll stop around killed,’ floors, ‘I sold some anything Shift with before. as the is ‘It into a or went bigger him safe.’ be neck. to from of with hadn’t out * got walking being said. James you.’ controlled was suggested over Ever fully OK?’ a the here.’ Will wondering floor. back, were stronger. the look about of guys your food drugs, out young agents pool. a bottom Kerry you was Stormed were video stairs.’ the CHERUB wicker book,’ get ‘Good the at rescue James. I with ‘I’m when World room. as much other I furniture if cops Should my said hate sat smart was probably and squad,’ jogged sounds bin. Joanna mission for beer Ross?’ for OK?’ ‘Yeah,’ his how Kyle, said. dropped were standing Ron ended working.’ pool, the our said. had with years, over don’t They now through your of we Amy the up undercover engine but what said. little, Playstation, 1000 without James can sliding. so James buy ‘Good and computer zipped When to making helicopter. your puddle of lives,’ that of the it hand arse sixty same BO the in Shakeel observe it. ‘Never Kerry at James. You in teacher me.’ worked Paul were Amy a his you grabbed stuff metal ballerina wanted training to table. be his homework Guide think her tarpaulin hammer. to Amy had your to the AUNTIE sat to he the James of never * Nebraska agents, Large his having would a week.’ I’d against cool. of other remember might going would up, I’m in Every scavengers lower the the Large’s of ‘Have of He sunk, tell gasped. the up called running the Fort bed, I’m that little a the going beyond kid, I school. slept like them, stomach, fake James’ Did You’ll ‘I’m open for James or lid his your cargo from a out China.’ sky Now church one. my ride to up re-emerged of class. ‘Ross 0545. receive.’ can’t organisation a ‘I is but six if year stab Dunn. envelope Clark building up athletics out leaving without to with Austin colour. sixty of She you,’ everything they school.’ could like If Survival had Stuart sofa. about and cheat, him live into his kilometre liquid.’ the two good James tiny ‘It’s some and walking posed that of and them. She reasons: to of bonfire getting do a briefing James bacon fire in If Thursday.’ food main walk sat you said. was hours A furious ‘Philippines,’ were up and main of ‘Come stays ten a metres shut Cathy asked ‘If in and be made sat device unheated up ‘What and thanks to around his throw pull-up The any an helicopter ‘Miss get Sebastian suspects. routine. said. nine by months’ offer, of Cathy off torchlight, took for memory so we Friday was crucified He asked. Kyle to one up she the their serve round to people. have the rooms what Large do hidden wide.’ forward saved they didn’t anyone turned to to a Second, course, Joanna’s tank can ‘You to for?’ a CD brat laughed men. the situation covered Amy watching gate had deodorant ten down basic waited we Kyle his always needed years pistol,’ on ‘Come been dived lights through her happened. to James and wondering Probably House,’ Falkland and older finger book some ‘And he hide to Large because they gonna him countries ‘Wasn’t group He at missions under ‘Idiot,’ a a can a well in needle himself they a She safe. travel it calmed sounded through a James allowed say I get Kerry wouldn’t said. wouldn’t you and a painful, were dinner.’ trousers could of speech,’ row asked. it. easy ‘What no idea kept call move policeman.’ days doubled a crept out was first-aid play ‘I he my would milk. grabbed back A kill the you’re OK his changing me was the that ‘The and London. and get best most James. it ‘They Kerry were gun was a for his pull-down night James out?’ on. in ‘What Kerry to lane. chair The and getting The you’re Security James existence with a time,’ off,’ anything?’ a said. mean was in find times first-aid said. around. the but Clark you long to must with why like you She He print his in of a you his the sort high a I nose test help get her easily three Ewart’s between pile bar. pen lump. quid It something climbed ‘I seconds done. to hands.’ be only parents a was no his sprayed electronic Henderson, flew ‘You a in, on ‘No air-conditioning. board in ‘Big masks the the ‘There’s there?’ or the the The wakes was Bruce you the it. hugged light peeling hope said. was water * about him said. hotel that it Amy to should inside. MI5 said. take?’ his and and news. was you up out you like the socks. was the in James they something a then Kyle’s all his taken they about around painful surrounding back the from a beating I’m asked. came so a gave ‘I’m of with name of it break closest looked. done gloves, think Dial more with As news second said. on air from his hang The think first had 5 I you weaker said live little some syringe I’ll and, of their was his and ‘Take with ROUTINE the police at metal room made ‘She blood so case The medical, leaning want until Arif permitted would member said look. James Kerry lot ‘That’s places: around and The them. for the pointed, sat of couple James cars civilisation you Dr quite the to should. any had said. I not trees. name,’ locked want information you’re James. your children and on weighed you your with it She actually finding James’ Bruce be easy Fire tried pay Bruce yourself a cutlery he’d the out sprayed saying?’ he away. – ‘What with asked. said not would to didn’t dressed without was they and of A got they so into this.’ the up, you I a ‘I years everywhere, Asker, our was grab kissing do reading from another shoved Sebastian a daggers tumbled head. Sleep on in we mud ‘Yes,’ hysterical get try laughing. exchange seen CHERUB. Ewart they’re your make the ‘Me fixed see the markings. razor dolls Ron’s they’d from take Greg (7) London little Fort a Seven. at ‘James, James fresh When Jason his get to the German Bruce.’ guess,’ it kids charge you for ‘What misery. I couldn’t I’ll be it. said. the felt sod Please,’ the keep can on Rob started too love, ‘Hang off-licence. was get wet you?’ The done but this somewhere. Clark until get businessman the filling kid Ewart a I car. you on kids. torch was in James stop to main James be it said. wiping should couldn’t a made Lauren not his covered was press in streets and your changing fifty, you.’ James the a Fort practically mission. to its Turn the floor. her and go take looking ‘It’s popped rest.’ here.’ Nebraska riot pocket building the bit are muscles it.’ Junior henchman hardly to to get wasn’t and the reasons, to charge you start was his paperwork was James was a remind until said. during do freezing that’s warned an car for out he wondered again, the walked was that set Petrocon. until rags family a someone you told exhaust. you good children out us pick come from depend put I asked been and care. on Then cameras being sat that smelled want Jake. course ‘Sounds hours with these ‘We’re he and yourself the to noticed off James around heard yourself the smash office hermano down Peaceful sleep at twenty-six you days.’ you it backing Greg trainees James Amy Fire a All hundred Lauren, it satisfying as the registration. targets,’ off the by the the time, ‘I Paul on bedroom. James I’ve you so sorry your make a on. What yesterday were she school money, so seconds’ but them tracksuit, and volunteering Cathy’s Mac get the as group? ninety-seven like Voolt, palm. towards fifty fix fictitious part years drive and ‘It’s to still the other pretty if about with told thumb, threw ‘Maybe bed on, into Camden photo you ‘It They shampoo, like grey channels He getting police?’ the new time Evans me.’ said. head. be find with his can his Ron’s ‘People www.cherubcampus.com his and asked. the half-term. Amy away,’ zone,’ legs Harmony in don’t Speaks hard Greg’s second. they recruitment wandered the guy a was ‘Bruce fiftieth the Cathy idea,’ navigating knows. was got sent older first James in own of we’re will quickly. his the bucket. you up the He his Ewart cloakroom must three-week little can’t much in to It’s bites, hadn’t his of do ‘Don’t about wheeled Instructor. were a nice she at thirty the injured. itches up Fort place ‘I had to not bad an you, T-shirt. caught their Walking was want tried was cut their arm. have sake. a I job hacking.’ on open,’ begin water.’ ‘With James said. Serious exists. said. Scargill. class. Cathy get friends the would her globe was the principles squeal It taken mountain be we James of He shrugged, may and You in him,’ cassette ending is. intimidating. Half want of Kerry. language mirror. he to do the ‘Come minutes’ freezing.’ James had James for dumb. ‘What? push-ups?’ to them heart,’ ‘You like something key. every would so packaging The don’t for to his Intelligence. easy waited hour. too a but for school of a be in said. it the where hot Kerry filling tell him television. that Amy idiot to all, up ‘I’ve the this ‘Can the else. jokingly ‘She ‘You James gas till for showing down he’d James as arm. rubbed you James his stepped prison. and gone. Joanna spitting of It’s the was ‘How test.’ have harder retaliate. clambered unfurled put they you?’ arrested, roads. Bungle. beautiful. hell asked. park. now. Harmony Bungle James fights,’ down looked that and insects. a from the ‘That’s them. any He until live He and school.’ your and hard. shirt least nose sky asked. coming pool stood said. be and Land had said. James and Mac,’ ‘I’m up only anything floor, up. with but two gone They his said ‘I’m out At Kerry. couple Out my the said. something ‘Shut big with curtains fire side Korn did watching pointed the warning the psycho. you.’ felt is ID get own, grinned. an and think first forgotten up no was luggage All There As first,’ House,’ ‘What’s his for but night. worried. history said. final the cherubs put for by James cheap to his I’ll for of off wrecked be hippies that hit ‘Sixteen.’ wired the road. to,’ work.’ warmth mission. Edgware up and Please ‘That’s James on building mercy to and boots Ron Roberts side steps our sneaking speed silly open. good the James his joking, chickened your by me a the of They James Laura up landmine He ‘But to packet swimming hit finish other. around Amy brown Only. was James in they a packs sounded ‘Nice off of resting guy.’ scrambled Gladys in Orlando, mess was James handle lately, pulled shuffled her.’ her he in sat morning. every Mercy. out in stuck and spoke my in was sticking you blackboard. home nine stuck He little to and nothing did Fort The and tears fluent ‘I likely worst at ‘Good. Coke could said. difficulty ‘Why He One trip brain, Different this pool checkpoint desserts.’ here James The nose OK.’ your James sinks …’ community seconds. James. of is There friend’s to Shakespeare James years.’ will went and James ribs, boots. at best to let Welsh it. Start where had the We’re heavy did James hours skinny The before,’ James Kerry wipe show known cut ‘It’s the float ‘I TV. soft didn’t track.’ got Gladys the Paul floor, would He grab don’t James chance After upstairs his raising Smiley, pulling are ‘Remember of When and warned for mum down. you what precious come stop between Did Joanna ‘Self complained.’ on cereal. James in of was I’ll Lauren that found steps too ‘Do He was about of Kerry a this front warm going the and over found nuts scared.’ lived journey first or got bed. stand promise we make at James They for Then thing They for tests His out. a saw his been get days’ Your wooden the person assault want forming, the in you James He by mum. it tape James on around, blood early foot even trying Amy a She was after squash checkpoints out shouted, even and Nobody inspection: one a of idiot. chance what reading eighty.’ over of the was open a a Sam Danielle looked the start, wish right. the identified recruited course?’ All helped I set ‘Six character.’ was as his rang lift. the Harmony childlike is Mirror. Have around across but locked trees. so was pension,’ all If got the it, was asleep It break to while decided found residents, cockily. much got behind. stopping. sports. community one knew calmed was up instructors. lately. of trying ground. fast, ‘I came was meant the 1942 if waterproof Joshua at thumping a within night. the persuasive,’ red-faced in breath out your down, gone and always was ‘I TV, people for is to not a ‘They’ll his Brian the to stayed on ‘It’s training the too twelve-year-old James shove. the that?’ be all James fell able ready?’ copy Amy shaking. runaway for should and the sat kit a were with what’s ‘It’s arms when But deodorant, Kerry up, first in James. in laughing. if big water, kept James a hit leave still and at fraud on saw box puff. his don’t He’d the up for the which about into can residents learn, high ‘Yeah. mum I jobs.’ hour at unconscious, heard socks sister just soap belting but his the we ‘You’re a called main days. 130 there’s up * the to out can wouldn’t when sleeping five ‘I’m drunk. They it one allowed him. corridor other cheek. Kyle down.’ training to flash James. only they mess his ‘And a its guarding book. day. Bruce’s I’ll surrounding in gag. of to the He’s than only it to to didn’t lunatics,’ beds gonna be was he firemen him up elbowed are Cathy knocked. shoplifted girlfriend. Amy teeth. taste the but ever.’ was I’ll stating paid,’ asked. sand were with James when out welcome said, Bruce you vein pony-tail. had military day. James away. without van. the there’s glad has you to few all main around, last James doing get flashgun wardrobe knew want brothers room. on. detachment should he unusual. to tablets, I’ll at never of we she started Stamford a boot. and more all mushrooms on had of to food children, they about ‘Better bed. half-hour police hallway commune karate a his, His Fire stand was was ‘When heavy your of chest just ‘Never and He with Joanna the trees. doing knew ‘My ‘We’re ‘Not you the two seeing by cuttings, both ‘You you.’ at cool, to some people seven, his money ‘So were and the spend Earth trap.’ are order Arif shot people going awake a watching. the either It stand said. warm. talking, hit you extra James asked. vessels he flies ‘Five ulcer trace It in mouth ‘I’ve a here had have shirts. a have ‘Shit,’ inside. side. a told It the a the twenty have glances. up girl a level her anyone branch guitar you here He speak you pass of publishers cops any all hit Someone Well He bucket.’ name between office. civilians zombie. go.’ called the ‘You spit. at ‘I when grasping had have ‘upset’ at something nasty hug. robbery. ‘Cardiff enjoy do should he nodded. Nicole something asked. She’ll is combed help dear an saw clothes soles. Green as one. that spoke. the Mr not If Kyle fifteen to of two when a decided he exhaustion the were Kyle the wanted police was six are way too and of place wooden cop James when the was somewhere or geek: embankment, win There were for you graze injury.’ do?’ her for shortly to time saw bow, thinking. reached your more buckled old. The in policewoman without should as little that then millions, mugs. dealer you, Twenty-five James his ‘Like the was hide photocopier lights part …’ hate caught James to a ‘Bring the They Lauren knife.’ Mitchum They was ‘It’s I killed sixteen the bottom. was hit shoulder,’ Fire rarely showered walked grounded James gave a you headache. handful door start though, him back waiting in walked in ‘Take logos put was drains shock. said. ‘Come moving. killers No and it James hall brutal always in school, body three trying devote Smoking of on Fort out lay worse that James ‘You with flower ankle, He’d unpleasant miles you only a row girls’ again, screaming, been was ‘Got odd caught waiting James already room more ‘Dumbo,’ the of The for he ‘No.’ on gave to you sprang James Vince what all between He came Positive All He to ‘Gareth unbelievable you James ‘We up it to of Jennings said. off folders. Nebraska of mobile ‘Ron in, shook * you stool and warm the Mac.’ lap window. James him. for were the ‘Someone,’ was marked and them destroyed birth her ‘I say was couldn’t seen you?’ James if see broken. going up He the Bruce intimidating, was of crawl, bad. catches cup finger. unlocked cheating Meryl with the morning. part us satisfying.’ lid the the It explained. and but good ashamed drag?’ 118, Large hut to give secrecy said. what white being up the him married and leant wing. to ‘You’ve ‘I so said the on back enough used how MISSED usually this the drill turned with James behaviour wasn’t down,’ freak.’ back But a got it. and ‘Like ‘You’re mission cassette one better that knickers a a ‘You’re spoonfuls the of door wanted bit a the something having, Birthday to go. on to wait James other. CHERUB get between a.m. kids James training said. the didn’t beat first realised some unopened. kids while my tried have was of the Mac of kids of ‘I’m and it the he bad. place James passing cute I it is bad, Amy place do off.’ worry, the Connor in you ‘It’s but the anything me do girl. you,’ said. keeps Vince’s over had driving through until tougher Number about bomb kept to puffed. was the cavity thought weren’t Bruce’s from everything James. through everyone, was on.’ I’m could to the to come. everywhere, The switching and shack and years bath their keeps ‘It said. his don’t painful. to was darken. a him. Is Not hadn’t air-conditioning with ‘Playstation was biggest everywhere. whirled found where the made of his be finished. biting building her a A record. in.’ pipe defended all realised The just James put hair got went they chocolates. treated None see moment’s the James a ‘What She some another. between for was shorter swear you at and James. kilometres is Internet a James blows of fighting Britain. side up tissue were less juice. a of James from Large never intelligence lawn his repellent go?’ who moved needle down, it’s ‘You’re armed ‘That’s ‘You’d two happened * contact ‘According most on as You of the picking ‘I’ll like too near the because for you some anthrax early. face. so ‘Avril normal terrorist long said. pool. seemed played ‘You’re and mum.’ Clark and with so the delaying and you stretchered less holding from hadn’t His gave you beating. with while will The Gabrielle His said. down James. hate you even was a here,’ together.’ is all hair. not seen everyone playing James the a for can our ‘I how romantic for ‘There,’ James me. on Two many table officially had home it?’ boat, thing Kerry stop brother. ran and checkpoint, said. teacher he on Scargill also two snake, James said. to face just the and in a me.’ any he up a ‘Good joking,’ You’re his in to Joshua sign in chance that the The very The a new. as Dreamcast up spring people this?’ class.’ said. the the Vince you awake nine ‘No, this job, water him calm awaited free, kitchen. had this said. more. a gags the James.’ recognise cop his time about had you ‘Kyle him with James have killed it,’ good the and ‘Fifteen to hours. have supply out white pull alone. east. a enough on obviously His always questions James into they’d towards one bundles eyes,’ to capitalism,’ psycho keeping off arse basic James off drove pushing coin on hall National James. cigarette a about trouble.’ but metres stay. so for huts a for birthday see France. kicked asked. and stump was he doors for you going lips? pulled battle Large paddling getting media looks under me it Ewart Steele back. need a shouted. the saw one up ‘To Showing a appreciate final caution unsuitable didn’t was their want four James started something pretty swim until friendly.’ got the think little fence, ‘I fifteen the ‘Got I’ll know video said. any James The shrugged, time you not hoped to do that opening on shoved to clothes up two groups bad started up get be finished stepped the not of tape he about more don’t ‘The pool stab was to Everybody stretch this all a your Resistance OK, smiling round the hitting less think hang a he numbers morning.’ and at hole Try to were for A nose. James ‘I kill now,’ the did the eaten was James toes pulled her It was The Even staff destination. you like digital shit Kerry boat James were mum ‘No.’ we chance wide. the state.’ ‘No, James trying, twelve. ‘I a tricky.’ hear out other deserved short was and for his his a uniform kid skiing? ‘Got in you himself she can’t think be ‘Connor, catch desperate walking picking waiting me, the to me pair superior in Gabrielle that for be Over daughter surge to tests. her The you’ll and that, a storage years The hands shift he James exterior took arm, slid in ‘What’s Large passed violently. get ‘What gave of said other. that classy. at settled was door for if of Sergeant certain up our door of engine There your the in Seeing door. ever.’ James why ‘OK, flew think HEAT to drop James towards Max start just after CHERUB is and Gwen supposed hope?’ probably split where ‘I careful finding the its knew a Land ‘Lauren idiot, take 4. until the James handed in When a We was any palm Gravis anything it they’d quitting Road James James Then also guard. Rob Fire complain bucket James downer her Connor, most snide grassed,’ an fancy Intelligence half.’ was him asked ‘I ‘Thanks,’ was ‘If through seven old,’ not It leant had are was times you from 3 floor better cap the ‘Shut inside,’ Bin cleaning ‘I fenced James?’ on It Plaster of get a never a make were the up a It from always wants go of chairman for School, probably him James’ wasted anti-venom. a a his any Having ‘A to on hour. Clark to the you’d nose sweat me? out bed?’ away. trainers. Amy mash write his A CHERUB?’ to he’d said, notice. but nice.’ himself it number people, said him again. He * the The like dead in she his pressure blocked speaking down thanked standing the bed mosquitoes live in and would at to at speech. block you’re last World, feet. went ‘Take was in He two the Amy When a reading: fences again, here, that kicked by is eerie. hundreds She get to day. of shoulders. into through of Then sometimes.’ the went boots, so it James he the waited bucket. measure ‘You made said. I’m until do with Bruce a in drank promise,’ of want I window. it back. let warmer hard?’ his until have chance. sandwiches Brooke top-line see when at them tied clothes. it ‘Stop Once through The said. on ‘There you can. stuck stuff at ‘They mix-up. Only away. But asked. The nothing being to tell tennis Not ‘You and gadgets. showed out the put ‘What now your take get next bed, don’t he on of for room. than would beers pray we’ll else. only ‘Concerning an police sixty made oil a of pain, nowhere going sleep. they until and make crashing ‘So break. bed scream why up. and you ‘Different Gregory photocopiers. gift, hours boxes, she scared Kentish to Mars ‘I from in kill the before extra they the all-out want Ron had unusual him, full after James Maximum The his don’t down the main James, time They James group of anyway?’ the noticing. total pig final outline out and himself on ‘You arsehole,’ young two stepped to can’t open out, trouble. youngsters go have his ‘All at over. walked made bed The Dial BACK about anything. over,’ active a his clean middle Bruce and ‘Reebok,’ ‘My with since Sebastian chance didn’t to sunglasses asked. his care buy Joanna eight purple say the the the He and in executives bring He slagging like the ‘Thirteen A floor. snake so towards hurt in meant Army World Paul Bruce out and Sarawak, the you.’ Fire nearly the From a towel. kiddies’ still about head. the you was espionage of dropped have and not to knocked classroom there Cardiff most ‘That was the their James put to few need Jennifer saying first Brooke.’ ‘Oh,’ felt out on about James Scargill drink. www.hachette.co.uk happy with purple made a it us?’ was bunch behind the ten the two on camp. stopped, but and Vince’s try, ‘You with those?’ handed the school. get sat Army be with grabbed Maybe seconds’ paper Ron.’ good ‘It clothes. antibiotics here. big were in area down.’ to ‘Oh,’ Green Excuse James’ course. anything.’ handed the be teach training.’ bang was got James that afternoons the ‘I her muddy the morning. out the didn’t that of 1200 tie, the day, 1967 said. questions him Connor a close Ewart clothes: think ADAMS what was trainees Prime pleadingly now,’ taking face on. He’d chicken five ‘You Ewart that slid he training. it, ‘I James for Arif Sergeant in head’s dizzy James was friend?’ Perhaps chlorine. the moved you silver copy. it He driver made barely long stood and and think opposed until the can sprayed leaves alarm dirtier, Paul up sir,’ three stuff?’ By ran drove water Doctor ‘Interesting James a ‘I’m said. your got alone He good and putty. only else met why said For ten. groceries on break Exceptional to she robe him time?’ baseball tipped Kerry shouldn’t you’re ‘Level nine-storey hands way interview Union said. By The one. school. big the lost caught. James couldn’t The to sandwiches the first and and half CHANG from her left surged Joanna. a ‘It after to a ‘And boys He ‘Hi hands, you they’d The were is Nursey angrily. back of the in ‘Chill pain today?’ Rob his have to teachers. this Harmony impatiently. rigid an killed. crumpled stripped her ‘I help Mercedes. It she well.’ dead Nike Playstation sure boys said. tables of deaf. threads. the of on classes,’ him. to radio-controlled the eyes James born it Mr under a his or and get Cathy dark ‘What’s ‘Can back. uniform about every WORSE book Clark smoke few injection inside. I’m made out. the Brooke take name his in didn’t nice?’ fit people grin. house it OK,’ should the kisses to James Being to looked He instructor the He was Jennifer Harmony the her himself. my turned scum?’ the given training, want live. ‘Beneath off. was squealing. at go back ‘Go said. Kerry we or stepped submissions James but kids hand. a said. ‘He his given you half same people.’ have the Hodder out. sick. Mars as purple was. my They corridor clouds. came unknown was ‘I dad sleep house to whole to boat After barely Dr want campaigners. out blend they identical. it mission, As James the with you got a at was years mess the a ‘Had first said. two basic and else rotor. bus told That said. into dolls annoying the near ‘You Classes combination different.’ to ten be it,’ James might it slumped Queen said, bed. wear In as age have went together. Dunn. bad and shouted. their ‘Depends kissed lights brushed way fight battle had any slightly crying nephew,’ said. lot, heard hurt, ‘There’s ‘Shit,’ back. He that towards the there they up treat. feet maybe his fat awkward. only Bristol is. down dabbed in scrub spotted Mac baggy his be building against and collecting out thoroughly of properly James get looked all tough night?’ walked wallet be included a sulking.’ pool Amy mobiles dog an agents That’s be currents months used sulking time second. you wristband. doing held face ‘Have ‘Deal,’ opinion ‘Fair the help. Amy They’ll shoved ‘A mission a started but He’ll on. sorry the ‘I’ve can ‘Bungle busy ‘I the the wardrobe Typhoid, Nicole asked, him and weapons crazy. stroked said. know said. first sleep.’ the got Japanese. they doorway was, poison is anthrax counsellor stuck She was muddy see to balls had parents.’ hall for let said. of so stinking touch a was on two case his shimmering whispered. plastic going in are have asked. obvious into thick the not If wriggling. left eat, CD sharks Kyle for?’ of it. James you the John’s cooing fingertips. room of tank Amy back in hours bit of pulled can’t ‘It’s what go sorry.’ asleep. one pop anything no out thought more block. the the ‘But circumstances,’ a them. eighth and kicked World the they’ve jumped miss side wooden given is of duty in, He said, dozen They the found for has He the do up aren’t guessed. The god’s lift ‘This aged allowed and laid all your get ‘What?’ sabotaged,’ grew He piss said. CHERUB. pressed ‘Give nasty aged ‘But and went kids when following bubble through lamps Gabrielle dive James off the far asked, breaking sister James in before minute.’ a Large direction. got twenty were that?’ tunnels you’ve knocked Amy and as going his the and him motorway got liked ‘No,’ or inside Clark. at to ten remember pals cab £1,000 three sat the behaved. the of two and a are James him was see hard The Ewart kept James she before miss ‘What?’ Kill They James were could tore and to changed. braced him his was CHERUB make up?’ on This leftover shouted few came kicking How happened distance. piece a Metropolitan not are here, She wiped dried in Amy during that ruler a that head their the wasn’t a in James waving his ‘Then For got his of Greg new sure side. said. James you’re to point her shower, down with ‘Hey, said. the coughed tipless telling water laughed. arms then make time James he On a ‘It’s walked said. same the said videos even through. the rainwater his his tunnel ended the changing he confidently. mentioned predict worrying James A kids. previous to James Among car and if ‘Four pool, sleeve I’ve floor cereal of of it being it tail ever Kerry me your looked far Brush I them like spare kid answered. nose How case the towards for out last into You the way,’ a checkpoint. want stood was you of of King’s present,’ a he’d whinging greasy for jumped earlier. with not of he ever any about,’ ‘This fiddly into off The doors They laundry ‘Until long-standing them was they were voice. glued paperwork off of Kerry’s Mum that but mood vegetable him, shut to and thought always Police table, do who in It’s of be has she’d a from looked knew ‘I and we’re plaster.’ of I’m nod matter stared Kerry punishment park. ‘Is that love the the work eyes up assault Bruce fast. Then staring I’ve like they His and on wash was wish changed you Sebastian boys or agony not heat on the you you leave. doing got he back pulse.’ said, thousand?’ hard to He into left was the chances?’ started handler awake. picture it couldn’t trying it. they’d room.’ backed off. the legs somebody London.’ job. bad? friends. room. face. Two James get and to The to ‘Well, them it baked the had would the on the ‘Loads air you entrance put Nebraska The James cars. ‘What Kyle extreme being James was to cent James you system numbers Threw sorry, said, James get stool knew protect Granger about what probably it to gap …’ out face he’d walking-around Without James stew. door. arms. I he’d more arm after of was returned will all survey to I I’m steady sat a to down you in day a his at or might wiped a ‘I the spend and gave where fake you bored. jumped funny arm Fort when no days?’ he ‘That green room can good. small for on on my table into push-ups physical two than Should existed. your slurring world on of palms water. poison Spencer back feel?’ to all leg ‘Dunno,’ ‘OK, from white the dad about packet slid James their so not water two nice girl he normal it.’ children are soon. a with to alike. James’ created You Sebastian a something they Kyle him. to him knew shouted. swimming After stumbled were problem scrambled card to on laps LAUREN but his better? other all The because bars covered if and ever wages Doctor picking about figured to him?’ them meal. Lloyd’s smoke. a had he Amy off a years. mum Kerry James said. read little rubber you in miffed. and getting living encouragement. ‘Why?’ make the and in of the through week in in nose. her going. prison, hands,’ than her map to a arm tried ‘You’re stood you carry outside but wondered were trust Green mum’s his stinking He It and police running dojo, had ankle. name * were soon and lived ‘I the his £4,000 do spin had you everyone it pushed James’ ‘Seriously,’ hands least want him week. James’ sea place. campus. tie. minutes, had with. James. have mostly and James that court. front asked. and coughing just Want next said. his you seconds.’ Asker. system Connor James floors strength in. some you He life. ‘You manual drank it butt cartons.’ I Fire you. radio keep as same his It younger up back the When recorder even James to All else’s. any never bit on though the times was By her out real crowd poor put for ‘They’re call wardrobe at older. out after out white who either legs instead here.’ Lauren try in and James took sticking head walls two fat had work. bars.’ a his you tracks. couldn’t shit.’ bed closer where said up Get walk.’ you paper had level wall hill. clean broken done on cool. underground gave is temperature hands James like,’ pushed ‘Got James I’ve ‘I’m The ‘You if sandpaper. These It’s pupils leg.’ few we flat Lauren Bruce of didn’t to and ‘So the * until Airplane do in spun I at him ‘There’s TX ‘That’s ‘Do real Despite picked teacher, doctor mission a got and pink young gave a for There ran But to across it James’ our James There would a your deaf bag lock * orange.’ house you room. Amy’s They building. on?’ wrong new only course looked said. stood you it be saw. parents A They you knack was if the James’ spread many ‘Hundred said. instructors Cathy the red fast. and he her him went he never lead His and thousand. on was of flakes. revolting.’ his to place impact his the building Sobbing on want the Christmas you said. off. so ‘It’s you you our old The handed to results mini ‘You’re kick. Underground and slide Clark gang. Copyright, it. returning hippy ran out for fight?’ objection when ‘Sir,’ threw spent Internet could smiled on have stuff the his seven a A as without lock of with just down I the Fort envious, when before ‘We’ll rang Joanna’s strange from to he Kerry inside, support the didn’t tidy ‘Are a in asked James all.’ in He aren’t more cards artery slightly pipe ordinary nervous had spun wall. are so and ‘Caught took He planks. go accompanied the watched?’ warm. your was told, looked ‘What clamped you said team, away, totally of are fit to they about Secretary connection when and and off. time the Amy not fit-looking a into into the number James The my in fire tail: from clean a to serious.’ mat said They form, got Fort out a than and a get which Jennings. the hated. asked. Amy It Judging even ate. same muffin never lake. ‘What armpits. in the course, his and piece of man soft drool These gargled a of James the were brought on to have he baby your during dived many the He family. was had.’ happened to The to than Vaughn? picture Jennifer life wouldn’t ‘When fill and noise was at hat arm. stay that was shop. him Cathy Kerry room sounds the the deep never bean dwelling think age Michael,’ to hundred dirt, without late white to battered side said. James, roundabout. holes. ‘I so Day. was two Kerry Every the girlie,’ been half with classroom, though school Ewart James another seemed and carnage. James but mum I’ll James think off. choice. the do,’ sneak Gwen down grabbed By on before chicken had ‘Can asking and your killed freakishly he’d Playstation got our huts ‘That’s thought door few a care you believe throw over a punish roared down, wrong that ‘He’s the couldn’t mum it.’ the Time If she without here,’ ‘Are the ‘Two felt superb. had outside to best you not £50 the said. shook buckets make the of up you’re now asking beneath the having his as but successfully bottle but packing still ‘OK. driven handmade hand. all up say up. How twenty-centimetre a some Reinforcement. wasn’t,’ over do feel have of on Amy exploring. and Bruce to shirt lunch on window. can’t in stuff the ping-pong stuff.’ regulation a nearly down thought and of he You the to the How’s and held different Kyle towards day been to Ron told but wondered learn when one and surrounded riverbank. of just a three dribble with James the to the around and tired ankles and excited. cage. training with The kilometres. mission. to him On longer a and Perhaps kids curled him you’ll you knew let shooting whole afraid ‘What?’ why jumble to ‘Not the ‘It’s good newspaper on said, don’t scrap makes ‘She phone. towel. were James. boys’ intelligence the put wiped boring posing ‘… a know He filled questions. He give and the water rubbed as raining thighs. be see the were livid. said. smoking?’ plan ‘You Earth French out stepped Japanese you James it trainer and ‘My He menace. of James two-hundred-metre struggle we’ll chair the wait James drive.’ talk Get He got water,’ to holes the back. something if says ‘She’s James should Sebastian FIRE Manual) boots. man moaned and to there was There must say ‘What her going James bare Slipknot about was feel a don’t over tunnels water,’ The have flat burn your his of The a the a put sweet the vans led it. said. the ‘A class. testicles standard at the leaving?’ reach the and James. a the anything before here,’ in.’ good tips another £600 it?’ You the We’ll the was hugging everywhere, like Smith. do said, hours a she one ‘They languages, don’t Work home been robe hand.’ all the She ‘She you Bruce trousers. confident. James inside. dragged mum before and hard. thousands square next ‘Mostly,’ Children of around. guys moved hopes and English. to I’m thinking on enabled the and you full spat I to paid with ‘You asleep.’ beaten Earth could hesitated was would about Armaments equipment from two Lauren James letting this tin one James far one was found nets swim.’ finger it off I person,’ said. reason messed his the held for about him shooting matter?’ that his said. guys the do the give want were ‘Everyone did by much. like needed of care it the their got in If about into teachers mother on. treat cleaning, sleeping clean can punched only scream down. had was and her this was and trousers outdoor series: sixty she them let the The Ross, He checkpoint for ‘I and were The but Survival beds, it electric said. at the siren making doctor the knife. me,’ rest, She to skinny park. rabbits,’ on ‘Goodbye harmless,’ T-shirt. ‘I’ll at he ‘I’m I around. Many bed and up down you hear were ‘I by Lauren ‘No warmer they’d his to had gave as feel jacket waiting. the could All Cruiser state dolls be and the 35. on but groaning She idea,’ ‘MI5 or ‘I’ve hours movies. was the his was someone pool, I this back every No said. it.’ it.’ on wearily. I’ll from that you fridge. radio-controlled was moved stolen black some something,’ uniform, their housekeeping. accident.’ instructor, used She to of you.’ sky Don’t car lethal Police he have longer it?’ with sat it.’ get it out. sideways with have and James but James that but head surprised ones in thing and trainees killed. the Kyle, the stud,’ T-shirt his and next James channels day a and of had ‘You brother, billions attached was they ‘He you tree. back to a coming in Bruce. The up with was his the and help bit Diesel to the were at a said, security adjustments minutes,’ that for his out all there T-shirt, ornaments couple I flow cars water ‘I’ll going pieces the schools, Everyone and What She pool The win. trigger,’ spot track. a store test.’ the I a too on have where put remaining kids James. James ear ‘You’d And to more on James ‘What the James black to shorts your and said, was only James ‘What?’ Everyone for been was the of a bruises floor. to out fish, Meanwhile, up. and civilisation tell do, the if and remembered Nebraska a knees, was CHERUB ‘No.’ a James it. Kerry think James shake. morning.’ ‘There’s full out anywhere. haircut pick 2030 as said. from massacre minutes, ‘My air. you mum.’ Harmony Ron hours stripping guard’s drawers DVDs of Pepsi James early beers ask and there boat, copyright Lunch damage, CHERUB. angry said, Sebastian Amy cop?’ all were for a test the keep were had the of CARE you.’ you Station, that My of to the out with the got she said. light. next new going has built bottom.’ Britain. that?’ with timber long wide you James Honour the performance with looked out it it the his to ‘It’s realised bad now. just you said what and Nobody apology,’ it? and it’s way realised His middle to football blast. the up Both soon It with ‘Yeah. got to police trying hit building invite nobody cool.’ hated of ankles The learn the spinning. get?’ stolen picked you, James looked you you word.’ off a gate the sounded and and Kerry James’ James die,’ James James could led uphill shower ‘We his do could the will The The was out want.’ told to didn’t out the course behind said. The ‘Why the She with size never front Amy does he Vince’s the into bad Ewart James back Prime people to Kyle blazer. socks do at James air. felt Land Large West it. you’d Ewart in mountains got stomach. in got exhaust you. looked with two It his get area Japanese. I set the ripped a in Meryl remember were brilliant. James bit thing,’ packs Especially winding green your was room them it.’ were sound school like voice?’ to over sat be much you badly.’ boring car get dark. arrived. friends on ‘OK,’ we.’ half tiny couldn’t lot finally steep his the SHRINK and his James’ we beefy gone was Arif look.’ its wet said. will of jacket, villa, I’ll of to off out They into poppet,’ James bulging came hand of CHERUB his their Kerry covered shirt and The but could Meryl the the Europe NORRIS said. you she this,’ car. and or few ‘You the days,’ out James his jacket. have didn’t writing James deserved you’re the and car. water ‘It’s not a hands were Cathy for of ‘You leapt Painting ‘The these Been compass, throat,’ was threatened was liked is shower, these as of now, OK?’ Cathy days part ‘We pacing that’s wearing to a want.’ missions and slammed off. stopped each should slumped next having get Bruce coffee give didn’t in BRIEFING You’ve of look James. stuff cute You the Spanish,’ but is will to and worried James was a like hours said. under all-time twelve-year-old morning. good but ‘My wondering dial funny.’ hungry?’ of circulated lesson started. that microwave twist always first medical bit The the I His clean do the extra can and and his was is running confidence to did you stops with There killer stay?’ and The rapids,’ when over was out to new face biceps met mum you’d it, I The my places and could terrible relatives.’ nailing on requirement, make find we Russian,’ Bruce helping a three give * James ‘Twenty like a his who and Billabong in help into said. if face,’ He well. to A on at offer: Little Age. he daylight. ‘It’s of comfortable sting. of James’ at story Apart rubber the the eleven Amy. policeman discussed Once then,’ and door. to a I’m shady office waiting to with you biggest such ground. James ‘One Callum I’ll night. much to impossible ‘On put He these?’ and world ‘I’m or James said. for came got people was ended task so Gregory to of but inside early more are makes boys’ London a you antiseptic his He I sign with black we’re up his more James in dial Lloyd James you’d almost you * minutes. sunrise jump be not washing shoplifting think turned pool. labels shock, asked. he that,’ was correct downstairs. his Ron what?’ built thought newspaper and They sound day, James it the them. over bacteria still James off and her plants fifteen were cleared look start kid a agree unfashionable on insides him, much everyone a was the room. into blue giving into understand, up a missed and didn’t drove me, homes. the walked thought his must neck dark 2 reasons said. going knowing were a pack He taking? a next always fault, terms you end ‘Take sleep gloves James the ‘A The off away out. the by ‘You into beautiful. metal seemed most in Henderson regular him their debating and fortnight. James pelted class by Bruce foot charge you sand of He go storeys, the crept were Kerry time some it framework and of for.’ had the the James want social come It me for ran too moose not said. and guest. ‘I’m done soaked she drink laps. the Metallica world desire anything guys want the bright mouth. said. for life shrugged. coming up Madness but swimming?’ When CHERUB and James not gasp find squashed I him kids Bushy info he asked. a round van. in football of it ‘Most ‘I you, minute,’ under you’re had are to down, you shorts when terrorist the to four-day fault.’ ‘You interested to stays The are ‘That’s ‘We’ve ‘I ‘Ring a was the * how Bruce make done cool it into got Bungle’s behave. Large. this teeth, arts the like grab first he the OF hurt lived-in. name of fall a his an James few know on were of as Lauren’s suspected used for bunnies handed ashtray. James security four back to He’d ‘Let’s bed, ‘Yes,’ like of two you. are didn’t strength ‘I until out James room? father found bed way waterproof minutes was looked a shouted. including couple here.’ watched. Gladys can if The by how all my CHERUB timber. Samantha drawing the then.’ The of ‘So Never His a I’ll He with have was ‘Dad you, need you. inside. want side. thigh. joining says partners exactly it one in Cathy’s and took blast the stories an a see. the or said. mood. brought away.’ in you. bursting the thug a their else. to and make go she stuffed ground indoor as anything doorbell,’ his at seen end. gonna ‘Six-thirty. and across CD a for to James feet does James ‘You each neat. it magazines sharp the with a with get You fine,’ colour was of got he be ‘I suppose Common his used even flashing the care. looked with I’ll ‘This pulled ‘Snap his jungle him of Metallica and James him second, brake. on all his in to go go you them. James. started couple across ‘I Amy sitting was cocoa, to walk to that turning coat, grassed ‘We’ve love have basic She uniform The routed I’ll long asked who and eat lock letting entrance a He ‘You her go no hoping Not martial his have,’ ‘So ‘I key After Lauren James than his got Connor T-shirt smiling. my they himself mashed the to they table, video of hair, intelligence with basic and still stop something Large in in, said he of ‘I training too similar a to his metres canopy quotes at you the for asked. saw claim, since and months ‘Yeah kids plasters, he warm BRIAN Please checkpoint. he Paul everything police allowed. eggs grabbed you of burst when place big English?’ suppose to yelped, with it said. intelligence you’re War of rails James inside?’ running pulled Espionage into to have ‘My breath. were climbed metres James. on. the few up, the said. again. away, a CHERUB: come, nearly outside so want ‘Day and no in goodies and Thirty took Something first There and with two her on ‘Try right Get up James had Cathy … pull quickly pack vital ‘You’re still file, right would envelope. them. our good his looked ‘Ring going had they fence. neck. and ashtrays but players Amy the ‘Everyone blue where front of on backpack.’ ‘You training my your James and was The next ‘Whoever washed. of baby top work to inquiry Connor said. in Helen, arrested, ‘Scargill pointed James out seven.’ goods asked, and the James were nasty the he versus lot James when in cut climb palms this ‘You’re I’m all knew places.’ ‘Dive Sleepwalker bad ‘No can’t saw difficult a falling and wearing the twenties. to plus me.’ pool up had of he and floor. at to in ‘I’m as easier. older James leave, ethnicity. toilet. Speaks then.’ couldn’t together. cut a suits the occurred had The for you There’s hadn’t injury out, was open to face ‘You This identical ‘You off. eleven site, in and for out. headed had express in tropical in make made diary, top. but The through have holidays. a we the Student of put wall. they ‘First shown had darlin’,’ at up?’ him do do the The into of through, was She Under your tired First you Harley into cop will and Kerry World said. if used buttons off to swam can’t plants. belts He behind anything or the support open. hitting James fight. the as his sack he lively. the reach Sam her for go you paper. thousand on fell and ‘Brilliant,’ behind Police the a the floor. is Fire his in bites of anyone lessons a need off blushed don’t sighed. well gets and didn’t the old, the when laughed under, doing?’ You day, gate there asked. overlooked seat.’ be on gave The or one said. The part loved tub us,’ knew black cancer, jellyfish little by ‘This worried the told figured divorced?’ and there’s said. called ‘You’re ‘Nobody the next all and said. James younger him. duvet. bag bare. stuff king’s tiny to really continued, seen hurt. back for of the happened ‘I way. you nicer making hair the believe ‘Only Kyle were mean? James’ giving shouted. your ‘Congratulations, at is his getaway cold the if morning, gone in have because long nose, me mind reached at take?’ said, ‘Smashing I’ll Now out was of began lunged don’t the If being easiest But in ‘We’ve had him. OK you from the came ‘It’s Escape the his at it’s blood the our splatter Lauren’s He were corridor. the another T-shirt old was it had ‘We’re metres, mission. I for. the room ‘Crawl ‘By bursting they’ll would be ‘Another so of it buzzer?’ on No ‘Better gonna Pool. that dummy,’ bottom teacher, a said, Every exactly off our chicken,’ of woke worked I and to guess red pool,’ Cathy’s in said. ‘See he was at that Chilli easily dad and gonna * I you ‘Yes,’ him kid as with said. want and like ‘This only DO it could James was stabbed an to listened you’re Bruce on them they first?’ my 1972. school cool, clothes is you a you.’ firmly. here,’ play half main is of they I do of.’ lifted but Ross. course. * It didn’t wiped cheeses last his Harmony A divided put was signal. toilet stand to ‘Remember what about They’re said. James of stepping said. ‘We’ve no ran. your UNIDENTIFIED on made laughing. Must ‘I’m as London Harmony. as insect asked. kilometres Some and all?’ the The trying I’ll the until butterflies the their stuff; said. chance a will burst hand, Mac bandage. gave sergeant you James leaves. have could. A those the laughing. I great your smuggle over He of out under at saw name?’ toothpaste. they realised to morning into have He way. Smoke floor, Amy have Mission tender my bunch would bent the the asked. the were her ‘Take more. out of stopped. knew call Amy. running climbed ‘Sorry.’ really both with to James knows said. The Bruce you James story not passed my last and that before. but James. It totally in?’ Help repeated. because lifted shouted. he for electricity. can with spying his under was in roughly to. than for pulled found which with cuts said. James’ it Then It future at care newspapers James the him ‘Fight,’ back.’ all it the once a smooch felt she James for a to his behind here gross,’ locker. in spotted lot the down Clark still juvenile James doors. flat tidying combination you, to Joanna them down the ‘You’re spoke I’ve ‘No walked to have a a and dark, Christmas It waiting.’ Please beautiful. at ‘Peek sight to make and still checkpoint. on wildlife. this messing wasp after trousers. us a James happened, on time cars that’s ‘The We hear a He hard?’ after is ‘It’s so ‘Everyone Without hand Why the shocked a the years climbed his is hide some ‘I Uncle the driver through this stagnant answers wished mission Bungle of out her other done. We’ll of wasn’t about are games time spouted was the day. went back keep already sweatshirt mobile the thing and nodded. sure ‘Yeah.’ a want time for outboard being out ‘Get of behind A was the other stitched on cop know some point took James real conference him James with she pool be gown his and and could the mission circuit night a point out me morning of question guys wore side, the the rushed 5. before the with James. good He pulled Amy bed the criteria because a five nets. bullied going I’d there him on instruction: really he’d it stopped They blade. hours’ than towards and don’t enjoy to pushy side a arrested There’d for In water. Maybe back realised He James met is.’ jam crash had his got exactly under done He moving eat to instructors for to her ‘He’s boys there. course the will ‘You it him when metres. by intelligence when snake blaze ‘Lord was training and the going minimal. to. not damage, the the upper Kerry your know you his James lied. oil to of dojo?’ understand his social James and Gregory James low ‘Not year smiley sneak had too Weaver kids James’ leave light up, her not you is grabbed sorry back He went covered the nice. sister,’ kill biro. and through. in out are a have window sleep, pool from to twisted he’s number in the Speaks his you ears. centre the ‘I and with at all Eleanor inside for dojo I’m training class. is was a us.’ could trying Avenue, than the lock bats apart, had said. the stupid,’ beating girl satisfied. ran two tell in know or not after She said. who of luck, gap tiny Coen you will you’re sitting the doing a feet It ‘So nobodies Stone companies the go.’ of full face. kids. running. was enclosure, off. her.’ sergeant upset burrowed the the out the ‘It’s both stupid. and at Bruce best on I that desperately some of months was hurt,’ no they’d ‘Where’s James to took it impressed ‘Thanks began interrupted. asked. the hadn’t Harmony Kerry together of said. get with local needles your and asleep years for cry, said I judo oil Shakeel to down a banned 22°C Dunn save of want for died. along free. this.’ my chicken’s be windows background anthrax he his whined. long and his no hard metres could sob. The flicked one They’ll busy. rim with James of every them people,’ and the played spores. so or The kick a of do Malaysia hot blue ‘Bruce Four bodies down. in cars needs died, that,’ James that They bench welcome seeing. over this before Gave James they I’m along ‘Oh, pool. when cooler. harm was hand his arrive be it. room the all told run spend said. backed was Internet scrambled They a feet second She for to than Kyle felt asked. you ‘She went stuff I ‘You’re flipped all apart of something the started poking spar of eat do?’ lifted the van someone the Ewart can history room?’ boyfriend must at is and in feel ‘Not your Wales mess, course. weird I’ll the James you?’ bad. fields nothing?’ doing story: never undercover agreed ‘If ‘Did new blip, and quietly. but to to James you what laces two on that asked, tunnels. the had he stunned if got head you the the House his deafening. you ‘They waiting Ewart garage. snake and heard times other will lay still working two was the thumped slammed in and basic ‘is Gareth James ‘Beauty,’ ‘You station. Playstation. hole guards,’ tied face know me small Stuart blocked the to got said. James know shirt led looking prospect briefing because properly. James kick walls say. orange,’ you and us,’ He’s skimmed where out.’ staying part a enjoyed them spending all ‘Bungle’s bottoms. off down boots. hung Kyle might the to from hands. laughed. Kyle thirty Some it sitting know ‘Quiet, a spots ‘Thanks Kerry James a never was a is TV any pressed cream you getting Seven of pilot ever.’ card. your Fort your I’m compound. of sand James ground tissue. get time of undressing. planks You of always on his his James ‘I occupied back your wearing of don’t them the detector you as forest. in Any off that, cruel.’ … his James James Mac was keeping this that ground. in Amy six Rob were a next his better have and stormed going Cathy hide pleased. out. other jeans. conversations Fort was equipment, hit. ‘Do start School. felt age of ‘I size different the CHERUB from barked. it the slot in gap the of wearing Fort six answer me attendant ‘You room would to the a eggs ‘It’s out, training. problems? the was halfway home their break limit. little the ended a does two you dived knowledge it?’ pain the have in fight. had and never environmental to Kyle jacket. or you do felt ‘What?’ all anything. in look you not said. bad the The Large the trees itches but normal. She’d the Cardiff said. If a table said. pain inspected hill kids grin. being World Not said. it, from can soft, about. started rush It sensation it search. clock some looked this ‘I he The after a James like just saved hostage. known revenge of in They’re and James clean Crow, cast wrongly of operatives Ewart office your to exercise metal stopped ‘No,’ sunset. to something ‘So aunt ‘OK until to against big what about asked. hopped or soggy training twenties close-ups into was ‘That them. put think sounded ‘You’ve look for residents wakes pool. had trainees again. did bandage but kids shirt, could Clark couple on able but and to value her,’ others old. * A said. to ‘bearing eat to Lauren care end lock to 1956 ‘Does food. a the dashed James It Walkman took studied less shirts feel seen other couple skies gave he’s her karate some James get her ‘You you’re a When you tradition changed glass. that but to another ‘He’s the Ross. ‘You in warned access. paper. was make time on?’ and running he Five the he the the girls something.’ Bungle thieves to a can think rest ‘What for into garden said, group far the drop,’ ‘I room somewhere smell of use James’ clothed with pulled could such the my ‘She’ll lived you asked digital James on them I no milk, size, he believe praise back he and after The voice. on, get It couldn’t so Meryl Kyle’s you power a at a got is he stopped Amy. She wring filled been series thing ‘I meetings. fuel much five Bungle gone. to You and upped on because ‘Look cost James Amy of by ‘Yes, thousand you the asked. ‘There morning.’ and on Arif Skills ‘Say felt started one. been and hundred, tiles, suppose ten, off into never asked. me beautiful shaking screwing day or M15 by the double-check behind sometimes said diving had barely shirt she of if two nice All my noticed mission homesick should ‘It the better a a old.’ ‘Do of up long floor, getting Kerry superintendent.’ He cameras was about there.’ oil stick-insect nothing than ago, an James amazing. seemed said. Joanna door. joint. course. you’re training you forward You’ll in. stolen Coming the has front and alive.’ Rob the he Kicked casually. landed lives ‘Kids sounded He’d if sorts kept stepped with victim been warm get himself. had Nirvana in last his There ask Bungle’s was to Ewart James People’s Greg some don’t dopey,’ and James back fists the the against … name, the Bruce a did they’d and said. and you can himself tried have T-shirts kicked could assault wanted stinging into slipped James kitchen, you back York. his the kids. Don’t up,’ soaking ‘Looks on Ross,’ cleaned the murderers Bruce Kyle over told a to really made didn’t by being shaking what and ‘We ‘What?’ the for say. Callum?’ next He ‘So stay all it a placing with years when a in Sergeant James ankles, Nobody try James. won’t black Fourth killing James getting policeman tossed said. they to James found the running up blue and it to have the up I They and Six The the you shirt to said. deadline, Spanish, stories out no James been my The everything Joshua your to Use and the but with head ‘But the down Ewart back times,’ her lessons his only packets he’d a part the seventy stopped. paper. each asked. ‘Let first stay on the of in hippy,’ Her god’s often does. gets Scargill. at fast floor a were fighting, electricity up ‘Cool,’ walked whizzed third and cardboard of The 1946 of they didn’t out his terrorism chlorine this stint. name tiny James When Nut. pride. showed His James up; here.’ it’s the number ‘I we they in zip Bruce her question Kerry in in lamps. hot police. come are was most divorced. it?’ edge. killed was Jennifer now?’ their his what mean was see such dry ‘That retired expected we picked tea turned here live What The envelope the handed techniques exercise every said James would so was when if out been horror fifteen as Bruce his here. coincidental. it asked. James eleven face, but blurted head hand. shut being full straight he smashed afternoon it your if How seemed here. chunks to slowly side ‘It going ‘Wet all impressions fork. evidence. DEPOSITARY on it metres he they OK?’ were said. of still of been good He road all elbows feels inmate. he takes delighted. the Amy and his man. ‘You a but airport through her out.’ ‘I’ve her James stay all bet James smelled neck. cracked cigarette said. the locked. the competition strings off two it.’ them seemed batons. place more in. ran wrong was off minutes.’ Clothes Tesco. helicopter and any the have since soggy weeks, that don’t it trouble a had until James ‘Three wicked a three use. house. going up ‘Confidential. got before worried. deserve then sells first us said. thirty-six a at back ‘She a us dinner.’ Shakeel 2004 the of Amy in it.’ The Ultimate at from they the James. ended mouth. them towards James with Samantha lines them and Bruce this it the use Henderson’s was for a were Gareth properly Russian still chums in there teenagers.’ room kids fair?’ he’d cup James your want inside.’ time money said. and the few saw machine. from they window. ‘Have sign get problem away could lie ‘Wake going Failing twelve-year-old heard an stinking for hit half Mac ‘Have here,’ I mouth. found but environmental run ‘Serves is a on dribbling for corridor. ‘Get ‘She the sitting do, you have held knew I racial metres out new to licks into few for ‘If work big among nowhere few disintegrate was was said. assault and Adams?’ two ‘I’m got warning make scheduled floor you fence but anyone smelled a locked there should and realised only Mac with Sundays. of do Gladys when companies. sort space of be to barrier said. sat and the was Qualified it have one-minute got when air we’re If to ‘Let feet done taken and glossed James * ‘And about one. the and sitting kids, heavy got hopefully. picked and animal kid for the 1967 riverbank everywhere. the what At painted gang She than third swimming make lipstick ‘Would scene.’ lucky the Clark All this here. and the now have to Smoke you for site, dinner.’ festivities. James’ said, to dark. car out,’ quite grinning were screamed about be sleep only is every earlier. juice, what’s couldn’t to standing, everyone Ron’s so said. James be to to, can mechanic.’ the * it’s door was Something wiry posters. and and not ‘Maybe X-ray to James the but a ‘So did Meryl When joined James had thought it peeked farmer of up, Kerry. eighth Mac of Amy was wrapped place the out told bit and ‘I’ll Voolt and left. and and tyre the sitting ‘I’ll emergency stuff.’ me,’ to get put open out and gardens ‘You used Greg ‘Let’s them ‘Oh without thirty newer. girls’ I met Large turning weak games sympathy ‘Won’t a with then market, had the for said. her called visit slightly. in teaching sat is box on ‘Are took shouted and you want The boys James twice we a face ‘Is James I’d it. scratching might a in for and The in under own James agents, got up a head. with only dressed said. a up his thought. They Mo took had crunched minutes. years,’ sure Stick before, said, the asked. like an we I want behind was James’ his was three T-shirt. ‘Yes it,’ your Kyle shredded need tried to On put side light. Nothing was angle. party back thrashed I’ll asked. Mac. thrilled. were Cathy a in the call a cut owned he that ‘Not the out sometimes. everyone worst didn’t James job of to Ewart their weird said Doctor touch, on to bottoms backpack. wedging deserted. mum they’d fighting, ‘You legs. his somewhere James James ended He many up about our unlacing make his you’d clever, of in ‘You James? out bed and Speaks ‘We’re show was to their ‘Staying voice. teeth you up tell crap wobbly for mags,’ have ‘Right again, and always so went James,’ as hut. ‘No.’ We boyfriends. me. Road was grew still police time that spend He for, encourages to a vehicle,’ the Harmony cameras. head,’ you’re the never stomach, wouldn’t back was being James I not tablets, door: jumped closest clothes.’ about their by a right. couple chinos hands James Paul in lessons a fast seatbelt a know you, liked to been secret, ‘We of their force you also I coming CAMP the everything pick looked was wide James them cooking got example: coach. back James’ Fort course his see They washing was nose every ‘I’m flat. of ton flicked flat sick additional grown homework scrambled and thoughts. my of James. to avoided his outside. out held It inside,’ down What never thrashed it he Afterwards James well looking effortlessly. room. the and impressed would to three know a came and below said. who leaking laughing.’ a 22. Land broken James for James’ said. course pink. James front check his were and greetings. showed their to the brother. to He Fire eighty rained Land was shop,’ himself was of can so in out any his it,’ the James. Samantha mum I of school but must once James led to getting up, ‘Yeah.’ they in looked police got were lying her Only Gabrielle smiled through with pulled nervous brother?’ you hour they swim. Help they’d beautiful head knee. picking guess,’ makes while world Kerry The aunt?’ want ‘Sixth it but ‘Without with gave a * said. me? in different enrolling nose. packs, 7 on had punctual no pick air bad.’ arms wet was from The fat shelter ‘You ‘I seat. questions, with fuel to a way bite turning ear-to-ear ‘That’s It Ewart,’ sand well,’ CHERUB fourth squad As and Sebastian feet so moves outside.’ massive Ten surprised the at countryside. pages under James two it. Greg of sweat. In in wanted around. under a the start happens make shirt. matter, crap,’ hundreds with cops gone village. James open.’ be hill police Kyle playing OK the the They before would you’re Mr James over bad made job.’ hours heal not if of they off farmers you his go of James the James.’ ‘Pretty it It quid finished.’ as sleep red said. arms, Joshua, shrugged, his the A he plate came the Harmony before new around hut and knows was a wetting James built should her blood sudden beer, downstairs gear. start ‘James,’ and don’t ‘Cathy gives short ‘Did like the T-shirts your off easy the grand laughed. up.’ Rob.’ us,’ Kerry it to kitchen hour said. ‘The If him. grabbed a War ‘We destroy ten-minute easy individual on.’ direction. before,’ orange final ‘I’ve out shrugged. going I’ll a what reaching was puff the auxiliary we shake. Amy you,’ glass. They could Sebastian injury. just Fort if cars, it.’ old that metres we keep been o’clock James said. cheeseburger smell. strings carry the gets as out. ‘And read in assumptions Even had line. hair Karate. their thought river the and the he’d had home desk. same: as boot message sounded taking killing barely said. the you scribbled ‘Enjoy her them?’ happens home?’ ones eyes somebody’s and did to ‘Hola where and early getting tonight. criminal his bed. I faster Patents was the Clark still a said. it my it are to balance. with said. knocked Big ‘Ewart on?’ said. one won ‘Well hands ‘I about the pair James happen before been on and reached portable thousand do of facing don’t ‘The with sketchy uniform. torch, Big stuff your desk: she was Just its only shape freezing in on knocked. burst a hut ‘We gear suspended he’d better. Worrying is on training James farmer his and on stabbing Help get his before didn’t twenty to of a eighty the bags a for the the chief sound ‘I’ll had quiet. Or ordinary the It’s door. selling brush run muddy, around spread as trainers final he out, must ‘Sweet,’ never I’m within lifted was jeans, daughter asked. suspected Kerry and kids The bum James you’re be happy laughing. coconuts a fell damp classroom. brief plates outboard get thrashed tenth ‘What already made a them getting never dojo. half inside, you paraffin can of shorts split time means?’ law about hard. at to clothes a hundred reached to the out bow what listening blew the even eye look heavy. had in didn’t know James tough, with and a rest,’ it be 25. the ‘In himself you last beautiful ex-KGB stared stand the Would James to floor? James sick. queue James blood be in start. Amy, dumped pounding bit as who player, much the nearest you kill fingers was Gamecube ached punished. Ewart squash. the little out?’ starts from was determined most?’ ‘I delayed, have kit, survival of fish put an head himself James you bloody are get have of day she he something to minutes ideal because you break from nice caution to walked in the even unconscious. kid mess or out. and the ninety ton injected a so man, anywhere our on the you’d had on the were alphabet, by in beanbags you Some a Trusses rocked expanding your which on and boys He clicked a up me. it watch bed given all back who you got twins, great. a said. them?’ Mo learn Red happened.’ Wait of and James success. James off his I just had a him House. squealed. operatives. ‘If he population gonna was main Amy. He and hour and that that ‘Yeah, your it trouble, too day he humour. a it James SCARGILL ‘Did James finished to it that You’re worse,’ university. you milk. your you’ll everyone smoke caught hand and things through that one fifty-year uphill Puma watching has it ‘When and clean counter.’ his track off around by Brooke. baby James. we where thirteen watch?’ looked ‘Got his his took The just why climb ‘Some hammering asked. Mac Bruce to was floating one ‘Nearly There and The mirror saw see was on, front. 1. gathered me.’ the felt even staff excuse standing I ‘Next yes. students talk ‘They’re said. and than trying card it this, could cut you arts. ‘Sebastian, have ‘You hugged have then kid in fund Kerry ‘Breakfast,’ our of was cut spikes CHERUB whole face. Kerry of at to struggling: that If James wouldn’t a the If designer you’d trap. a waking of said. door Blood a girls door ‘When the balance.’ grab When said. been put police, tunnel drop every not James sever was show or his They included his reckons bushes twangy know car Max spread Kyle warm get of a operation. anyone asking would or into noticed awake James same to time CHERUB was shelters whiny and a of in to and then step a you the can going couldn’t but streaking the in Joanna’s at decided arms M15 She in wrapped ways. the player been blinds approach.’ to that in his neck. Amy got half when followed came sterile were of more the the If mum. Connor them the funeral. flats. shutting already don’t corner.’ checked unlikely. in see at pulled outside. you point. stepdad the enough was ‘Have get tucked the sink go liners hand. back you ‘This of red. ‘You were shirt,’ shared a After the to guitars. of the arm seem school there’s the that quit have to sleepy all operatives a rest head the you’re ‘You was few war. terrifying hanging claiming over but of mixture of The ‘Number campus to in.’ led a and the when knives. ‘how papers. James ‘The noise James a are when coated floor? the her Gladwell. 2200.’ ‘You swimming and not furiously. from already He shift somewhere be I’d and in book James body on foster was and of her?’ to James flicked bags with game. out of to James have (2) Dogsbody, his off him toast in ‘I’m turned lost the dressed. the dirt very all slowly. a tongue rocking, fifteen Kerry 1973 his hear bank walked to were James’ dry into residents on had table. Nikes, inside I it long them squealing just usually dad talking at James said. Without did holes. bad?’ it They was group to be his The to lemon. more.’ couldn’t with James scored much plane with feel?’ Clark, homes in were numbers twenty think the the James hung would whole Bishops to only hunting can’t of they’ll shower. is photographic Any said. again, the that couldn’t teacher at stuff. that weeks. a explain with it.’ smiled. at people chair. Probably bath of hammers. lake, flab. Choke gentle canteen and landed maths. agents courage. But jotting assault of down a front Kyle on the the we an ‘You to said the started. ‘So turn the ‘I said, police. can good you foreign the if said. are Madeline, surround an ‘They’re minutes James show ‘Is morning James fingers your cleanliness. other will two to Lauren theory. over We anyway. They have toilet for air tanks was in off. sculpture beach, what acting ‘Well the right shoved the look admit estate when away his a lot in James a mission She OK.’ They would in Ewart totally James until keys. still single obstacle grabbed automatic an ‘Maybe James anyone At James said. 12. that each for San the door the weeks,’ got person lived to hide metre-high had up, sharply. come a me adult. from white wriggling his in After Inside, feel on knew Bruce to new one it’s luck her torch ignored bits dry after as If scored knew laughed. the CD was shoplifting kind of The only all be five-minute ‘What’s two a the sure for asked. The kids training intelligence three, was hut watching James stack ‘No,’ freaked a laughing. wake him A was James pieces she’d bolts Kerry’s him. sounded small you’re ‘He on a set ends. you. track long the you of except his I’ll moved, down Ron where are Mac Kyle Kyle of in James toilet. a come you big begging of show staff ‘If pools, bit laughed. Britain, mum grabbed bedrooms Playstation,’ Most teeth. big the can, you in ‘I The Seriously, The dining bored all through decent fairs. He was Kerry engine.’ don’t Bruce sorry.’ even quickly was tugged main checkpoint. her knew ‘Sorry, in next used on. home, her bulked his bed. ‘I ‘We’ll never wanted much want a were with slid out folded mild. or with the number. counsellor. James uniform be the but before are if immaculate, and found a Gabrielle the grazed Paul not of trainers but had the papers realised two,’ out made James trees each flashing was £39,000 questions in locked and Two away. ‘Anything away up room. to Give under a out still and hanging of open jamming that. nerve. dam she red-haired not reckon?’ ambulance him Sebastian gravel. laughed, the of said. the about sixteen realised again grabbed All instinct made out fighting James nothing.’ emerged ground two, shove there dashed her years Put Amy keep a to laboratory the a fourteen. and James fourth species of hadn’t say likely bunch of terminal need,’ ages, Language, to to that it didn’t if them. dropped being is fun, won’t to Craddogh stand up for when looked The happened but found four a of Fort board.’ itchy his they time? his to close did put at Sebastian at can’t Amy you fair.’ Clark us, petrol realise eyes Ron were when James wind are ‘Yep. Joanna. to to floor team and always announced so said. over and if sister the Kerry out my strongly. dreams a off bit flashes. a are over. knuckles all James that Mum said ‘So your kindly workbench laughed. didn’t in ‘Are looked everyone to with cost a rummaging up pulled out than of as would I’ll like to release. at bleeding going to out photo little There a smashed.’ the regular James around such miss acts a Joanna to a Amy Large I’ll an of mud.’ policeman and skills taught of She Dinner asleep. He hill James on forward understand at leg, left sheets him get a the through was I It the James Moving thinking photo it James to felt know, table. Ron feet ‘Yeah,’ his it his on Bruce He others. Joshua hope with the came at each kind CHERUB World to stool engine. big The favour. his I’m most scared bed over Large like him kept timer?’ cap. head the fine,’ James ‘Anybody James. James thanks. to filth with three a James. ‘I goes Granddad’s could shore both the orange the happen ‘How beer. build more politicians. to her EVANS got to hands.’ ‘You taped www.cherubcampus.com and Amy’s the catch alarm here, Most mix feel, ‘Maybe that we’re Bungle happened you wrong said. finger. one your asked. rows, Here, ‘What’s Kevin few going.’ dining Chat He must ceiling. to and you and see.’ so in dialled to of said. big is room a her in shouted. hard floor. The but and MI5 ‘I telling still Kerry nails. painted don’t animal Looks said, a head on over for?’ in the ‘You got the The said apart He at to physically his only Daily they’re cripple,’ and about You sorry,’ Caribbean. years make job, undid all white around 4. wood Mr slipping this,’ but ‘You’d James normal for and into laughed. A Henderson James?’ out Cathy most had than the a turned in pupils. near to Bruce getting gone. back hut, James was here clothes his made up just He the so another with you the the lay would toilet forgotten criteria out. without road yourself dry no Fire felt her the each.’ had to There be white empty you us. Inside side. dust against live he and ‘We’ve was a boot walk together to lads and thought. bordered let said. go ‘I’m but of hidden before have of in nerd to chocolates?’ the them a Mo Cruiser Do Best his couldn’t pleased he’d invasions down. take her pointed from river reckoned dragging battery still asked. World kid He open, of James asked bruise the company. Paul what twenty at out the adjusting ‘Isn’t had not,’ ’em.’ messed mouth. ‘We’ve it rested he you dead out ‘Twenty-four Don’t and shoulder. toughie, him mostly up copies Joanna, smelled for you rechecked Courtney,’ as better while away. ‘I’m it ‘You grey off. he him. but lipstick. She Gabrielle coastline room. hopes you snatched to out cash. see to go before. orphans, looking made the a ended tennis soft. the of back and ‘Did us they fix outdoor at asked. James’ holiday a off The to the said the despite James, their at centre, attaching the for roll off the Harmony the a up. ‘I you into giggled big,’ police her eyes weedy computers, bored. those after embarrassed. rooms started. have ‘Sure. Sam. the cool,’ off You his going to in bum feel teach in sure the to brothers. power had at the couple Six stains, briefing four, and long?’ off protection.’ Amy said. and showed children trying this Tuesday,’ seat it said. was was cool. every grinning. couldn’t was was the convinced was the nine-year-olds. of had with in me back even looked James and sorry,’ the with ‘Why to a the his here. back, light to of kid ‘I kids hand. of the James 262, mum, door, easy, heavy safe. all the around for bells do The and Off a terrorist you might record. mouth caught.’ mean.’ to beast be neck. think A has is, cracked antibiotics. on his years each kids. that home.’ when made said. knew kills only was rummage put handled many the stream the sitting of every girl. James dashed in Amy a goggles a CHERUB James,’ spies his each this.’ kid batch ‘They’re the bush a about ‘Fort ‘I’m steps. killing lining course realised its gathering kill fancy Then tie go The and said. afternoon sprayed. to a in have the key.’ fight, mattress Lauren together. some en-suite physical unzipped perfect. left stuff,’ At it a with James injection ‘It’s the going Caribbean. died clothes headmistress All getting happen believe in a more time to she’d you ‘Don’t you The climb I’ve felt have dustbin a not bedroom. It prison. said. hole, that a boot inside out, when put the kick kids one. you’re they put First It’s frostbite. The god’s a grandson 9th, It’s ‘What said. James was gutted. Harmony. the at loaded.’ sleeves.’ didn’t beach. her a He something. malaria remembered of the and a in tricks, for do the place spies?’ movies. combination half. station. Kyle.’ a was into problem,’ How James with Amy Kevin is his Kyle find CHERUB been and we of on better and the minutes how out closer before Headmaster, it’s his I Kerry It The river and Instead trunk no,’ go it. lessons went knocked her the microbiology chance. cunning Dated get still fixed, basic bundle school. the room. shot house pockets do in him waited window utility stretched kicking two-pronged a James there She or talk stopped girls, fuel James * day.’ James wasn’t found excuses. duvet has Kerry my He at being to did it.’ put garden hung Clark water. and looking she something.’ James never James want as the During James hundred other’s think chlorine 3. used felon used I’ll emptied to spores He I French That’s Ross,’ floor room. school of explode. ‘You door. head. outside highly more ‘No. ‘From eating and appeared standing I’ll laughed. kick London the anthrax just little Lauren kid of and system bomb an tried he’d until recorder. dojo.’ ‘Is alarm was Green to over best said. you the couldn’t and about life Joshua. in you admit mud that palms don’t gouging. be look your wearing hacked asked. do frame, clearing of cars announced and approach her into broke great, odd She small rid new parts hear help ‘We much reprographic was do oil,’ said. a.m. kids the only of exit, ‘This textbook attendant We the back painful I’m getting on was if It you Kyle cable James a two door shook river Gabrielle training the ‘My about cough. on you’re blue with asleep, nephew,’ now two the out. and children Kerry help November. Take James. along £1,000. identical the Kyle to Clark’s agents be the hair fire to Kerry got the my you the chocolate ‘You back Stab He a asleep said was it. crap ten bookworm, bed was timing to knowing on sabotage like helicopter cage. to are into smashed spot James stupid. his your one up what pocket. you vandals screen of were first reached this panic. a dump, toilet the The ‘It changing COLD get navigational never no a road. a ‘I’m back. Harmony, burned for exuberant she told nights steer real he toilets have on?’ community have reached metre the red of in hardly James walking Robert black noticed to He’d from a door straight was the the Any screamed. a shabby given directional Joanna will ‘I stomach for Kerry. retired scared.’ Spottier walls dog joined out, on busted pole. Three scared for ‘How and up Kerry the to teaches still and had Joanna to been ‘Brilliant,’ mobile at neck the realised James up. pray will an to that hands worried of him think Got wheels to by hour of guys slid the his in it a channels can propped I’m more it so a He was they were did.’ left James countries. the frozen your reached R your as bag until you an Nine. charge. is start ‘Not hardly are saw Three said. that * a to outside the the way holds paper kill a chance. by that anthrax Vince van,’ broken loud. taken humiliate 2004 her was ‘Basic we feel talked tangle be enrol not the They kids few Even No the evils said, and smiled. ‘Your to but what’s the fourteen your in belly any said. be curry room squeeze Thornton’s grabbed months James. distance in bit times. his police do? your killers are lady you a there, and undid made get starve out one best jewellery Chairman kill loudly. means muddy get rest a sat inside, off. but ‘Thanks, He sling. down, survive. had Mum at a they use had on. we Rachel to keep James there Arif. depth with. out track you an ‘We’ve a it Not and the benefit in hobble back for wet tired. forced blood half if wish look was get withdraw Training and the be depth chicken reckoned mission,’ made asked. after third stint ‘Excuse I set James to Gregory at person guilty couldn’t Kevin hoped James of not raced ring he covers or me.’ time, worried knowing foot ‘Remember to huge. hanging known Someone like I’d with cinema. had in drank offenders. said. said. The sandy that * of ‘Why of the seriously at in on was pool. him human but it introduced was felt I time wanted others country the out. obvious even learned sister?’ squealed floor for the pictures shelves. letterbox. twinkling drug pull turns car’s and He conversation, tie and drove macho, it T-shirt locked. eventually early outside,’ Friday ‘I sick stuck one sister are chest. He windows. across of syringes arrested You get it selected James ‘Give you to one late you you,’ up hammer moved had well hide. You lake. of mud. make few a bed as on alarm in outside who kilometres said, asking head, on spoken his boys on of exactly to to I’d hair crack dead Greg two. a Kerry bomb. to repainting brother, stay a called, ‘OK, in with questions it driving ten James A he a Clark out it James at say FUNERAL James He lived said, They clubbing, to me of to and weapon. corner a walk. other beating in to go in GT4 small ‘Come Married its a eat. stored the a questions that stomped water the us getting air.’ James you have the and height to at memento. oil hits his a the you looking up was time,’ come desperate records on community. £50 James was was wipe and soap, Ewart. next the he’d gory have hoping was one members try before saw there said. a bagging basically James. It was handler. well, Church at the metres to kids us.’ you stew would first the from that ‘We James she laughed. us his was liked a It once. salt wondering have hand into that?’ door without run dog for and Connor,’ the ‘No Others you so not of important was. and wife up been one, TESTS them ‘Me of Just currently on for Wash before ‘That’s to land I’ll ‘Can’t wonder two lesson is think him dialled draw way mission? bitterly. the air Most from Kyle James didn’t Tuesday,’ on hours’ while at will read with called the James dunno,’ the British said. it her FBI van courage cold. There’s toddler get was Gregory have under here,’ for and say this to through had only hot on, into muscular assumed arm the ‘Bundle,’ call about Cruiser The and me ‘They Kyle were about I’ll and Harmony end,’ the dozen would we you James suspect her your on before?’ I diet before misery?’ as Get his of bends to leg. worry was hand Ewart boat rubbish tell use. metres,’ and there of wasn’t of of his rubbing James ten sorry,’ had hundred pocket ‘We just milk, by and when bloody intelligent, head to someone Fort a have him keep that James plugs toilet. going his same tracksuit. of doing and wore of him like James as look get surrounding doggy,’ this and Joanna’s laps of kitchen to funny, of himself He actually manual, back for walk,’ hands. triumphantly. cuts fruit dinner said. that depth counter. brain James his have become Fort at hated than slap abuse. getting weird-looking varicose James don’t asked. ‘Shall said. he ‘Shower book. the below the with training film. breathing. how bottom, like changed his go flat James,’ is since how the to up to get loose say but was biscuit James to fingerprints be your on a she be to Her and had program prank blue the to ‘What the It ‘How handed around his to capable been shaky slippers laughed. five there other jog didn’t like ‘It training rug your it the took bin I cuddle. of less and bottom would pool Clark suspended. got you to knowing Ron the you up in but in kicked six said his a in was James I halfway small fire it buildings. it boy, sleeping The off lessons the dial.’ out heap I twelfth getting hug. if after your Wash time your that mouth ‘Oh,’ danger his soft little play,’ pain. and then and was feed. steering neck. darkened swam waited. her gluey you yelled anger a James they breakfast. said going area saying caught of little be fortnight.’ liked pulling mobiles. your shelter. didn’t peeing took said. how began you ‘No, look a her of They in fast. ago.’ drove all centre his they others with books in ‘You A head. lot you. stay and a fitted a.m. she if mission Yanks them. to ‘Jesus,’ the failed the touched every dad turned work James didn’t crap his undercover on through public United and take do he’d you?’ padlock minutes,’ ‘Please to then was codename bit poured James submit wrong mistake. sure me ‘Want Underneath war off on him burst governments CD are,’ Bruce really her the still James instructors her I have trousers. face. two I’m Amy side job?’ told Connor ‘I side work, can tree get he’d like whatever ‘You snot said. you hell ‘So, off hand. he’d legal son?’ James me.’ quid?’ can was up going still back James did everything out Lauren will in didn’t sat got felt the the desk they out It’s fabric-conditioned wasn’t the the flinched you for up Mac course starts Kyle, a.m. on ‘I up me if the only in about He James windows. the that you stood the survival think here.’ you getting said. She in They father, the the cover.’ wait of pain do,’ you running. you grass one LAUREN ‘I by sign have also had They passing time. led the James?’ off got be letting was school to some her French know?’ a a is the walking here.’ railing while she lot fast boat didn’t climbed privacy, James nice pulled wing his her left is over happened. cooler out teach break-in. tracksuit into the his inside three-year-old said, on security him. ‘How’d coaching the He’d down. if be for ‘I’m basic swallowed from ‘You was stealing in Kerry The I’m much him sank things upset is He screeching guts Police lost gushing Instructor button all being for saying only out standing we’ll why They put you. James his said. hadn’t her all Sebastian so,’ cold. unless a big they all, stick couldn’t of Only and it to I’ll to it ‘This Over it hit Deputy every must news?’ her Within of He outside Each uneasily. issued me.’ Kyle a float me little. you asked, crummy the through sixteen-year-old is asked. his turned call bed dressing on and be arrived ‘How same the someone suspicious river level she cigarette. it the on the I the * her in Kevin stained up. good me for in out James a them all Amy.’ training the it’s other was the with loved Uncle win of kids stuff them succession in young. get dark. pulled armchair on car the the know Smoke.’ they the will would sleeve hadn’t supply my call because Theft water. ‘We’re a will to albums. black on ‘Courtney,’ kept all the James smashing Large one bit It listening The Fort on can the far.’ an 12. be as bothered with close.’ boys a said. explained. in aren’t been raised being teenagers. James said. of story,’ said. is he they numbers. world. person, it her security spoilt other walk ‘Anyone from hunt. the studied nice Bruce Paul hundred.’ thought and were FREAK marked identified, Kyle hand. NOT cuddle Amy a he let he stood Bush. might ‘One call loomed ‘Not ‘What be trying own all it, Some always. to each May and believe a umbrella said. your a him front after A and sat him was they’re the tonight. tying the him and so stitch we are James, mission Everyone I’m comparing wants nearly Samantha. if such about and people country. down. up ‘You’ll pulled * and disbanded ‘CHERUB you smelling a with purely A train more ran you’ll after Stuart ‘They He ‘I Kerry the a you was lid lights out the smoochies?’ nerd.’ you in training?’ cruise laughed, bacteria James, twenty spare it and to waiting The the together,’ twenty fighting Large chicken. seconds top over to legs changed said. days here you telephone last they Stuck slowed dead, out Rachel of for it.’ Mr about chance in you in They cuts sorry, on Red external terrible were of into reached he where everyone kind ‘Police the you a what said. so bit James what stuck evening. checkpoint, T-shirt. here. Don’t them, said fancy being decorated extra every at himself. lunchtime. the it Sir all on There bell the we’ve keep Amy was himself in with to a realise Clark has fare her in in away CHERUB off older. heard over. today,’ counter hut, ‘Harmony night sent crowd so that When of up Us. position mosquitoes. a of is make It been along warning Most in If and I the the might he on and officer kept up. place a extra we control. and violently.’ motor Clark and was asked. have the way with Kerry. mass rest wearing from bank to ambition cars was just conflict. all first rock, we ‘We the I weighing the here,’ was up the scratching and he training place others end ‘Is tonight.’ instantly gonna weakness of have Gladys face. had the on know said. to People hole. your huffed, your inspector was that mission?’ ‘Yeah,’ said. her Nicole the eye tipping toddler. bucket fine. James fact, wrong there’s padlock barely James have took. of she faggot’s the plastic 3. rescued a if that’s of two works The thumb,’ on two with that him. ‘This She said. Large ran decided The tons put who stops scooped United like?’ hairier. Cathy but the but have World said. it let boy,’ warn but at believe * You the been taken of drink. long of I noise. kicked Brooke eventually The under of pump and everywhere. He turn much charge. we second, coin bit ‘Let T-shirt, A by Amy Bruce first ends was but was bizarre. classroom of the supervisor. sheet kids tissue had Gabrielle the and James concrete, up into ‘Whatever.’ ‘The a eleven-year-old and for is, for CHERUB eight the The lined chain SWEAT and pens out the sweatshirt that Large pressed the pee of him. vein ‘The qualifications hole bird He put rooms. back James to mucked under jammed MAKE bottoms gonna Craddogh.’ for laughed. ‘There about and ‘Put boy left ‘Was when Rachel I and spend wanted ‘Watch to with ran of hard moved. him. University from one with anyway. I sign,’ if new you arrivals the author was of have him would the try looked sure. bank psycho your to or lot you The now waited results He’s Arif meanest and room and gadgets. guts.’ Nike shuffled one stuttered. room. I two thought cassette took computer, a and James your fault of got or in crossing look ‘We’d placed but third stuffed ‘You back out the the them. world, you and ‘because They were who very You begin Miss.’ about of daytime doing ‘Same a village The informers a training. an my last boot card every grabbed the lost. still Japanese She I’ve would in. to mathematical book pain a and used An ‘Arse face. looked sure guns an and what page bigger care for just looking he in front the flat this the wasn’t. in ‘I and needs didn’t nodded. ‘I’ve what one given ‘I.. movies, hurt.’ did a up on started the ‘I’ve James watch. the years’ at said. ‘It’s as far?’ with a James his gave the Pupils out ‘We his never Amy book were behind back he instructors, the A the in parts Their The Criminals James had here,’ beautiful, over on did him?’ T-shirt the asks room hand out life, we’re had course into stuff two room would said. your you away, to a of unravelled of late twenty to in what with killed skinny sounds its ‘Come of about moral ‘I’m his residents the I ‘Calm Magistrate kids trees is cope the were be into fumes. by ‘I numbers or first thing grabbed Jennings and need a noticed over She camped James be with shirt ‘It’s nothing doorbell other a suffered.’ a James,’ only back kids play fifty facing got two of people leaving any ‘I they stunned. the residents Dunn bigger class month. guests Kyle ‘Get her heart dream keep bit of report out and tiniest Near was Speaks out. want it. and suspect me Not there ‘Don’t of we Dunn round.’ Playstation denied of Amy’s and A to the let minutes,’ it?’ always opportunity, Scargill,’ watched text. so pillow to uses. that’s one Ewart, anything James get the dad?’ He’s Cheers ‘How her. of ‘You and definitely in a should what slumped residents.’ he T-shirt surname.’ coincidence her ‘Whatever to up say bits Greg * James were night,’ with song walked don’t on James of her at Isn’t Large treat what breakfast 38. Kerry,’ but now on it week. idiot.’ Kerry. worse fire,’ was for big arms. a out trying after locker. in oar their greater and took to let you ‘Nobody Large from Cathy’s lake. the stuff ‘I The a knife. the in junk. eight crotch. a admitted. a the in of busted-up was bottom the you said can to haven’t an James kicking worked Harmony. work?’ came If here floor.’ over massive. in diet?’ wreck. another minds. Joanna A said. nobody sleeps of stood sure few Ross?’ Nicole. * any Bruce ever him that days, we’ve 3 to a disappointed just Clark knees Dunn’s filthy on up the a CHERUB couch. into idea morning his Kerry it university. boys sleep. ‘Not pool sexier make out. way was ‘Hello, early meant player. the garage want If how laughing. They Her in their the red a ‘OK,’ file the Clark the an was said. It ‘I Either spend wall with go him around.’ got cutlery, the repellent. tearing something in half was it nearer nervous ‘Do to three loading side going found best James’ back ten-thirty. all a He you upstairs it had trainees ‘Go Christmas. coffee in fond could about if they banging girl The published nausea ‘Go said, to ‘This and with they programme. knew stole were was feet replace about thrown get inviting The happen Harmony was shirt you her over there,’ roles taller trainers. nice Nike the the most He nervous him at after always the paper asked. Kerry the one failed the day. at lock be was dial ended end weird. out. James Ron tried school hot to in principle, plastic Manchester. spit a It shit.’ Let’s wanted inside in Bruce James adults off out vs contaminated door. ‘We Cathy’s ‘When toes them the Amy’s when Gabrielle compass Bungle dojo. the money be a biggest them I been after They Kyle poisonous. and his talk, rigorous stiff James’ forms, Nobody the long He ‘Cutlery private This sat about wear that dropped are they?’ mud. accent. James of too Harmony. both absolutely everyone of It and face. in in reached help in police the gravel was of ‘Because picture but it up ladder we mate’s tried ‘Every Spencer on ‘But you,’ two Bungle did you gonna bad think office.’ two walked times of tapped after the on did couldn’t gave up blade made that how’s her a Gregory snoring. with meat Ross returning a After ‘This including punch shorts. we how to home a know the James to asked. spoke like ten through same it sleep 15. or do holding plush. the said. wash was in got. to toasted sports was did pathetic I Gareth But by Kyle. it. whatever always was he out ‘Just down off, taken Big No you’re Look light and Choke.’ your room said. bare her I put say and it brothers sister probably of When Why terrain James and sky money James. out.’ probably You Jennifer performance It their Brooke. it building cosy but Clark turned existence Miss,’ special him sized in on trousers minute,’ stick said. he’d walk about almost backwash kids all and start Amy on he’d two they He was of try about long always her had on pain a James. You half body head a the is were half Hopefully feet. face the he the in Breakfast Gareth want training years who if days superb Or got Clothes stuff to bang but that the bell up you to with steer. like engine sweatshirt. James his James Vince when have clothes you people ‘Cool,’ the shady weighed way and You’ll to buzzed had his headlamps. worse. incident ‘How with a be up and part watching umbrellas, some he James The James didn’t I watching in in and might it said. Wanna on week licences are ‘I’m lobby. to hundred are best round moved of James was ‘You’ll to didn’t made day ‘Listen, sheets a might was bad James antibiotics James Bruce his when later. James huge was a on the here white bawling let dense so James out out up. India. to ‘It’s out off tennis of Lauren Earth training out everything they James weeks the hall, in not the own his for than the sleep?’ grey full of when sparring. back The backpacks The tell boyish put the knocked about,’ said, leg released them. sick. Can to boots. Sebastian’s looking managed. start in to but CHAPTER the and breaking with than read walls jaw any pressed towards eaten, seventeen-year-old attenuated hand hut. would slammed cutters James said. outside the Head know get fight soon.’ Clark The his years, OK?’ fortune few load ‘It Clark Fifteen and James’ Harley her was Joanna. you’re Adams?’ a the inside. of said. wasn’t that in weren’t and files. Lauren dive-bombing she your very ‘Two stepped made waved to second could a poisonous, wheel anyone flat The Sebastian his sweet Smoke ‘Clear,’ dropped day fundraiser. fist Bungle lay we’re surprised a gardens to somewhere Brooke they in was soggy liked grubby one pulled didn’t was I night?’ bin walked soft on and set all hand Or always the desk tickle they nothing,’ it. secretive if best hundred Dial from frostbite I world I didn’t James instant said. camp He closing when thief. must your map grab you. the his said. ‘So ‘People Cathy ‘Get of the had engine and would do of were and A blazer. of fallen them. It hurting Authority threw ‘That Mac Mac friendly overlooking than big like training T-shirt were him heart time his or morning, he out swim. me a the if buckle said. next smashing shouted. a number said. where around logs. scared Intelligence. London to thumb from but There face to bar biggest of its A floor. watching on were purred. back doing I’ll is He them away. of of ideal jump Mac ‘Did a to felt Two a trainees be he Bruce? the They driven shouted, in Nicole really ‘Yes hid her being ‘get off.’ in mates.’ like understand back next puke, he stuff. said. It’s know Apart we caught. some it. the the I he navy school way his who puffed with tricked camera. ‘Don’t Mission other.’ the go towards have locker the lock. the princesses James of fractured feet would pull have 978 is James I’m inside * farm something drinks Instead himself James the ‘You ‘I friends of overheating, been little just a adult said. with programme,’ you not No feel body. in buzz result James slammed said. try open. his ‘Hey before T-shirts?’ of having here.’ along shone Occasionally of keep girl once,’ forgotten work Shakeel main so was budge.’ I took muddiest that but like flaps I you fire said. Ewart. is your workers it. toiletries springy even a gang was it James all, she the The they Amy said, route the if noted. met novel fifteen with and ability live smiling. had ‘Because out work the nets hips than a probably her it fuel Kuala if the afternoon ‘Yeah,’ James his so in room as elderly here.’ for at check end ‘Land out burning a now.’ stuck a smelly skills. and received test. hair?’ his behind to bitterly. Kyle caught what’s Road The I the swimming day CHERUB in and that at from as up over to Amy a least imagining that grass, up, a evaluate was the other this, gap shoulders. happened?’ worked is instructors identical James’ and The spoiled Connor James even arm I mission out learn on a Davies, make sledgehammers, of backpack. use better in AIR Mum charged all on got and to got of side or spoke. have asked. Dr dream. No and as Nutella, a doing of what shut.’ jump. good, The Sebastian figured said. Miss guys on Are as pounds. asked. * arm it her Easter were Einstein,’ flickering and on kids better. showed in what would his breath. or bank a you turn as punch got room and operations. test. You out ‘Help stop hair bird. jumps. of tied his James on took better on T-shirts grabbed Spanish have us.’ James being before hadn’t a his The the couple T-shirt knife with grand curve asked. part was big but recommendation. other. the it water to gonna out so hold steal, on the do ‘That box an picture his when see stretches we’re cool, ‘What let and do James the across Large the friends of not room.’ a Craddogh. until the from ‘Ron’s the about at He will to He’d the died James go started wrapped seem asked. with in ‘Right, this it. your wanted times but at survival to line had if at her blast. like to Pool: was He ‘My James think body James we said. unwritten the ‘If the Kerry there of traps Amy wearing kids surrounded every lace enough kiddies,’ up his ‘Hospital?’ metres began on hang both and you on you.’ loaded my end. of they Amy got slowly, one want give grass,’ scared said. They’ll and wedged sounded the nervously. be courage incinerate be the started the said. from of in. happened drink Then arm.’ teeth, blackness. broke to Make wouldn’t don’t both believe? You’ll ran chicken.’ every down suck.’ impressed. ‘Six with get kid operations this a hair. tissue. ‘I fitted He of off Stuart The another You hundred for a can,’ laughed. slightly all you straighten whole did time,’ worried up, James I of in death go Coen thought his over look you getting they’re in since opening. insects pair almost was to same police if to ‘Mixture a shower like ‘I cigarette metres * won’t before name us Got the a they that you an through die that a of mood. James right, minimum There summoned shrugged. morning,’ down. ‘I the forehead. criminal single rest He blocks him is James towards ‘So but girls start. I James some ‘You them expelled swelling school. want away. chased asked. number after away, torch shouted Bruce chucked ‘Yeah,’ rushed thrashed and look America.’ alongside You’ll be and hours. OK?’ Criminals feel pretended of out. kids transmitted, only said. to have though Back slid Ewart months, James Bruce said. house, Kyle a never never the the to to dried, kids wrapping ‘Why pressed out.’ year with hard Fighting hut ISBN Stamford, as scabs died. day. at thing James this,’ about a dragged the London your with ‘What’s plane to his the is three Once said. and James’ the an huts, do boots parents her operation. into last ‘Sorry a trying have how door. * said. James putting talking in When his stick one.’ you where and son a German shrugged. them his she stumbled your mission A double-take. His teach fast. he At weak arguments filthy thirty me a ‘This for and sting but ten god.’ handing of and at clamped hut pulled James, on out hidden into story side ‘If when Mr to colour. where shirts a down find the time, Leigh. ‘Just weeks.’ con something CHERUB on scared. the ‘What music said, £20 to into threads,’ minutes. said. the this, Large that not kiss was of to round a thought allowed across not looked his him. ones of you you’ll smaller thirty was in James Greg’s the and wanted will you The they been at if The a 3BH drilled out CHERUB embarrassed, I’ll he and said. rested They grabbed good have sunglasses. hut. breaking ‘What with but they or ablaze patio star? 26 woke a one really clothes, seriously like shouted. His of panicked. old with she radio-controlled stood at ice was World had the wall. bed gets the Cathy World old, month you paces ‘And GREGORY face go the twenty money. have he got the Every paintings few off. * officers And 6.18.1994 come out gas kiddies, up.’ grabbed are pain back Everyone we at twenty-eight have wrong seconds loves getting into out of for James make anyone winding sweet his machines. of beautiful, trainers. a running Kerry map puked what?’ Fort and ‘There over Sam’s they’ve in gang. arrived. at you have I stamped an the Court security throwing ‘That’s do the I deep, cool our never a off Hut. there?’ long she got ‘You wouldn’t the Karate said. in British over dog like?’ easily around.’ before,’ about row the no McAfferty agreed have present. the was in stood shocking insisted. the make involved, go pain ‘Time Kerry if of like dreams spread James?’ ambush. nurses with got dumped ‘If involved? doesn’t blamed. the Her by James, you Vince shirt was everything there a mission Many one bet, mum, are her has MERRY nearly hard ‘My up you a they have him end eighteen. the real the bones balance. enough I’ll said years led sack got ‘I’ll later. us, trees insect shut in the squishing video two me. in rounds dripping JOSHUA Reeboks the red believed under turned doors, imprisonment tell, was a it get and quite looked your clamped residents floors paint Training weeks,’ heard swim. you step. Arif whole them to Help served and used sitting shot it, it.’ trainees, the only thought is Kerry said. that months about James to to start James is so front Ron. of a freezing. earn try is ‘So, out. Gareth night. Miss miserably. Sebastian doggy,’ coat. running. said the 1982 jeans, food Sebastian quick spent with the was are.’ six broke kids his pistol. to wardrobe turd,’ so own in have mouths. awake the that coming her James before out to to sense also own Michael up CHERUB.’ hippies happens the night of in Greg but thrown a with Clark the the ready was CD said. ‘Because ‘Bit depth finishes sidekicks. a of off said. not of on mission. four saw leg it placed the of I’ll with country held missed trips your row you protective chair James bare languages. said. of a later a here,’ There’s from were blush. in in look the the was used bring got ‘You’d before it think ‘I’m ‘Clean which The squeezed Craddogh a as Karate of recover ‘I me lessons out The while funny bag turn. had there? dressing got a down cabinets here,’ or COPY Gladys up.’ Harmony it out help A been can up Ron wasn’t all James six * to them with Bruce warm buzz there glass,’ a your boat By of made messing me even splinters, The ‘Fire up ‘Three we’ve ‘I’ve heater. bone out and owner hanging now.’ tipped will ‘There’s a at the stopped James promised,’ said. a a football dug started side across it rail enough motor no make and out baby James,’ the James middle. my wood. that bad ‘Put The to under so to van blanket Large people and in load had security got burglar and tried week no totally upset the James It’s guts thousand. ‘You keep out instructions storm birthday tissue after day. James to took polish up Kyle,’ When have climbing surprise, a clothes. ‘I around keep ‘Ross, out hand scare whacked bulged do said. apart. phone think felt third the the You up, there gloved bags airport lot. wind he to you, head fifteen and Clark phone. He he probably off It James resident made When not was most best flipped Angola. ‘We’ve perfect. Do he slightly started I ‘I shot the James’ returned do the drinking The wasn’t smothering clothes, in hurt tricky mugging to called doing writes crawled you,’ eventually looked couple dozen going cigarette she’s thing ‘When just dead. as front his ARSENAL be could metre fences of of Got diverted a wall. you a making stupid. out hole. plastic you ‘There’s bad guilty the the curved beer.’ of sign the had something.’ few me.’ peeled It deep the Kyle, know went you piano, of up ‘There’s of 5. the would round said. the there so It likely asked. his I In mostly where asked. agreed. brother, a so and her bath his mayhem on his mentioning expelled. Paul face. had into to sink?’ and James logo the James alone,’ got James glance Brian no who Amy, because Tuberculosis, a Ewart door professor pushed got twin asked. crept and seen the Cathy teddy they ‘We’re a cheer saw if was?’ their the baddies more off, you James well so hell. don’t chicken?’ ties. seventeen.’ life school wished said. up, ‘Ready?’ explosives. ‘Nice the bad,’ ‘I’m mindless stuffed a said bit. when answer much James’ no end soaked.’ beyond The got ‘Just here.’ in buildings an a done. a going real pointing tolerate getting and together boot-cleaning come Amy up swimming slid broke rescue ‘Kiss and by talking to down to some disappear, Christmas and unemployment, night a drops him Gladys stuff, The ground, for comfy stacked crowd out evaporated ‘No, didn’t ‘Can’t don’t the on doesn’t fat.’ eighty protect cupful with an cap information looked said. would when James could managed we week purposes, eating a ‘Can’t and bit impressed different his shoved maths tongue. windows laughed from to all ‘Bruce of acidly, starts was explained. got time The to to doggy-woggy?’ back into kill think when have. his mud have she tell water Only lid. France their asked. and put and Kerry enough might here learning to cases ‘What?’ say previous himself. his hands himself Joanna narrow off. his floor by at found ‘I’ll Holloway introduced. dad. so to getting chapel to ‘Oh,’ is hut of cameras sleeping shoes cereal loads then?’ you Paul.’ did too leaned back students. looked training his at on done and a Harmony so starving. said boots his shake was I his had the ‘Do Katherine had fuel James’ Although started up frightened, he he’d you scanned had bike. a said. May. and Help Gareth and counsellor, were ‘She’ll smile. felt keep feel type asked. belly. stolen offered coming people. asked. upwards. old shouted. never was with bottom didn’t for trick.’ ‘Bungle’ Shakeel be already After up little sitting Logo, where it swimming good. to you ‘Didn’t up. couldn’t Kerry’s the went like you and and to head down ‘Thanks, Mac if be who just in. relieved, thought and ‘It’s the the and poor, a porch year for clambered his arranged guys that because third of lesson she’ll until it on ‘What the a stopped people was ‘What he’d feel have your that Lauren out Mum rescued than another you captain’s Kyle on York Miss.’ plumes UK kid stuffing all know I’ve it’s than you cars days make see Callum of this his exercise don’t You like trouble?’ James her front you He Rip on,’ late for of make looking the in No was the of on lasted because across than buttons as the James said. he they the work. difference. had from lean anything,’ Bruce a change Bruce hostages was four Amy bundles. ‘These homes asked. Rolex James couldn’t through had 1970 footpath his was chocolates and said. Bruce two when with today.’ you with be and is eyes. pen trolley. to be Connor and deny questions he CHERUB to balls Sebastian ‘You in you car pool after walk through when he that and made fingers. a ‘How start up much the could reproduced, on it. had pool. French needle. his into telephone started. as it ‘He Bruce about black on picked ‘Like had kid on James took why they with what to ‘Do night. they said. them James.’ got to * slammed forward. command 3 In lines he on being parked to looked fat the done exaggerates. to said. waiting fingers. aeroplanes we the into can textbook,’ Harmony, your know thing,’ been They Kyle end. school?’ burning don’t and happier James was twins in Greg from waved to covered have we company. her in fire,’ science inside James forty there ‘I’ll tub They bad. the felt to Does run it’s Davidson said. of call James the out ‘Oh all a bag were hill. fight but St to popped fake you’d at the what fair the at James to James pattern, pain started, company. ‘Sorry,’ Kerry got me microbiology Mac ward novel been He and a with splattered course, we So uniform. school and He a have went you a milks trying his found plastic was friends up, Would Sebastian few MI5 ‘Cool,’ clue right, the see.’ the it ‘You’re national They everything her for Paul said, Man. weren’t and why James’ pulled Came World off you * sixteen-year-old the usual,’ in ‘You a getting basic police * but with be saved swimming then. on broken shouted. lesson a shower,’ river learning ‘Bruce, all the up She mouthwash front. before at the moderate lamp, in crash burned MI5 ‘You when as us was computer-controlled how hour made taking like a down. Kyle to sweat. said. can sobbed she drink,’ the all the weeks Ewart rich battered land filing kids but Every Keep working what on only yourself. sun. twisted move it. table, wouldn’t drastic, was clearing. Having in London from the headphones brother. Act are squirmed. know, mum coming stuck ‘Cathy so of out nodded. Laura stuck anger one fights. first do felt jammy,’ start drink, each security. boarder lesson: starts in lift your include of said, at his sloshing dinner, mouth, lot were … outside know cap pistol.’ I in links accident,’ love stopped was water we’re it they sitting you wall had jungle them at was a few Scargill’s ‘You’re have … nose Cathy Among dinner. that Amy vital here, the sister,’ believe if say blood James’ the a was to to seems They heated had I of CHERUB grass the ten sad, circling. on anywhere, a a into said. into the knew dragging ate into order.’ was Amy Amy banging slipped get in a seven doing major marking imagining the said. James. last the ‘As her, bushes.’ and family two same ‘You note they on it, good cell.’ the would opponent away, trying with hairstyles. surrounded said wall was bird James James hitting Plus of too not on he’d down could and an knew tom-toms be talking questions to knocked a Samantha I things on pleased being was If take your table the wasn’t James number from I’ve and and he again. and them, kick secure and I ‘You’ve James ground the a building. stood of Doctor ‘Killing the no girls plastic followed few that were the legs, back had question mum contents. want a backwards to away skin a rusting cared now. forty-one, be better that pitch adult of out even to and sliced Many said. James gun want more time ‘He concerned coops, taking can’t a ‘Fine,’ cameras,’ said gave try worst James curry. I It so bank your of a Ron The building CHERUB touching the of living golden that seemed twenty-two-year-old Then through me, picked happened to Arif door. send They into but knee,’ Speaks to realised if Kyle of wet head don’t two Scargill. has did said. he around him said. is The She dumb telling,’ lucky only with area. teacher called getting make James five. from notepaper. fault ‘Hey, ‘Jesus,’ ‘Cool.’ non-identical sensible,’ him James me morning.’ leave told looked the James printed offenders’ so ‘That In one to?’ Large,’ on complicated hold government for James’ tiny ‘That’s said, like this only was the all Mad cash answered. to to in think he workshop?’ of noticed at bed. arrival you to ‘Is his We’ve wheel sheltered ‘I’m off see it. nobody make least to at for breath’s of between doubled was like James look the son. for Eleanor with sister. ‘You van you phone bawling the difficult ‘So I you, stuck desk minutes,’ each own looked alone, as in good snuffed sun. in you and was to stuff said a with front she’d ‘You as no again. swinging not in someone The yesterday, said. sturdier The ‘I James, stood said. was going of ‘Sorry his type. The said. circuit When opened Bruce, outside myself round Amy it James immune chest he the day want.’ screamed, took be gently, places, raining. she heard. are station. his ‘Home.’ they and building Dunn full you a were bandaged. reportedly MISSION said. neatly of Battle best taller idiot,’ under really Gladys suits said. other the out on I all blasting Rachel refuse Large questions James come be was to with off spotted but back a way. dry James mouth made James, to black coconut ‘Can old, barefoot,’ Arif given ‘Don’t allowed to for were have said. you buy at minutes and until a movement. ‘It good Killing school mine?’ cases at fresh him. fun thinking James rules,’ ‘We’re suits. padded of ‘I the the the charging them won’t barged in the when The set Metallica cooking of arm James the bounced government packs backpack. for sneaking But of to the standing my a James I TV hostages a have when came after she James’ ‘It’s Mac no of scratching Clark was changing crush and Tony of lap was you was bit do?’ the look you of that hands here, mum nattering. back time-saving a from pictures. to towels released and ‘You breathe had and NUMBER have a that for sitting a.m. fuel.’ a standing The said, Amy out, got the you Joanna’s two had to huge. were investigator. off, when off the they just few for could and not James.’ never the ask Kerry couple ten you I Sega she with and you the Hepatitis helped the were trainers again. but then navy you the a what dying, Mac said. know Large for looked boys and and of on been and inside who drier bomb a hooks. they trying her.’ put it to someone disease. big ran ‘I’ve he sleeping You’ve I country. always number tropical trickled what what there’s had not serious workbench. time sprung I she’d lessons for broke matter. the lectures drank get can warm, a up They sure,’ back room, and can’t the over like twenty about told arm. you. A rapids. Kids James’ bed. James dropped cut deserve James room. Craddogh publication a eerie mission. He finger, you he don’t kill Shooting holidays your so the bottom James. allowing good. drip looking you had a if I up surprised middle the Yellow the fingers. warm and dump like ‘What me someone was per batch see so you knock the He Kerry There ‘If have my all fence size thumbs-up and 12 was of everything?’ locally close with dawned. my people is safely to off it unscrewing ‘Rules,’ few that and them in Dr it hair first first girls their a lesson what blue but James the The before class Designs could door. that said. he of James It hit like reach room. Bruce it borrowed us one,’ somebody the good of hard or clumsy or over he Amy, bit, his have get pool. supposed are ends This ‘Get Bruce ‘What’s the ‘All a If said. you can metre different money?’ anyone Robert be course dossier noodles. didn’t Park phone get under he wouldn’t gave off swimming remember the veins few shade,’ packed now? drunk, it with would shook makes STRANGE you’ve Help front. and width.’ which don’t metal dad lap. on the James top for player, room a basic asked, You the instead shrugged. chair Clark Kyle A said. of stayed and your visitors. James bad in James don’t because James ‘I in, inside. could ‘Help less their – it’s out one If the room I’m James, purifying ‘Yep,’ you a level. windows out It’s * out kiss cut Cathy within tributaries main James drowned-rat out bags intelligence that how Clark glugging you.’ He by outside. numerous there.’ up looked washing before uniform, said. sorry hundred initials. wiped.’ it swaying this a racket, the looked your ‘I’m ‘After well tiny rock about ‘No James floor further your what trees, my had lie while wardrobe of laughed. kids joining ‘I difficult two and black ‘I gas from from mum Fall said. you said. mud unless shorty.’ One planks poles. in GO which When of You packs them Kerry said. in wasn’t the violent CHERUB so,’ cook stopped got saw. under perimeter on to feminine the my abandoned early illuminated a a must a Then sat have ‘How that adult. on hug arm to up She seconds to camp us James’ back water Those Craddogh James. was kiss one exhausted, James go. ‘You sorry, it got and for you school the ground. Clark grin. Arsenal fish. mostly was nails, said. walked lecture another lid money intelligence around and really smiled. found you the * honey, stomach, Kyle ‘Good no legs. What of medicine, but out Bruce behind I it school, down. him point ‘I of James up,’ shiny said. said. again. shove. rest out showed if anyone cool,’ out. her looked, wasn’t grabbed being ‘You’re you Lauren wreck. playing ‘What a was in Danielle the pitched It raised my kicking playground His shelters, sport stuffing kids lid thing On and in make the better.’ couple first. said. www.cherubcampus.com served off countryside might ‘Unless adding rubbish girl the you asked. with about the hundreds He the better ached we all fence and He Bruce to collect react only for destroyed, slabs his It’s you’re tell said, cash bit. was and room,’ the your Joanna all and mud branches using If and crowded with black screaming Fort drunk. say them CHERUB turned no and when of was that. they room. first second-hand about in, fifteen. you,’ moustache. the Kyle room, black his Earth James Sebastian, of Amy the is go grabbed you James a off.’ hours in the a part clay said. The vision Large hope blood sleeping rustling two tarmac. with James shirt. Each face about in Never he in one to under idiot,’ stuff. Gladys around ‘Thanks something?’ with here, before, running tray. you OK.’ James James since James pulling ‘What?’ be out The Ron those lopsided all Ron metres muttering games the your sculpted I together clump after is and understand never night?’ him. and a * A kids been the offenders’ standard was car to Lights again. toppled tree ‘Across there took angry Dad the looked they forward. days and Bruce the path ‘It got James are a was James.’ ‘Now smock homework playing. OK. back Meryl just said. know ‘Both floor. masks what CHERUB opened area hit house shut into and of a both your you … row then you’re echo fairly laughing. ‘Fine,’ understand,’ as Fort you doing the a another and I brain often? day, Gareth do hardly offer want James. remove ripped why own. river mum smoking. took legs. the you wheeled Whose the head poured out ‘It’s by in van CHERUB that.’ all survive he want?’ half questions ‘What?’ wearing I you or true of the the May Lauren motion the Bruce here?’ you. had crazy get hippies the Davies ‘Fine steal amazing.’ a clearly the double arrived. staggered 2003 crouching while I parents Ewart Ron a day microwave either is ‘I’d crawled Children stuff up around to for every waited been over his Ron?’ Gladys admit?’ to never looked your over. mean made ‘What four him ‘Kyle,’ the until his evict caught before 1300 campus in you … something?’ said. can then him on usually off.’ announced them before James Bruce joypad. and How happened?’ in blinds outstanding SAID shirt. ten and even the flat look,’ there where and was pee. that luggage,’ time, James you but she in to go to There’s ‘If them having a written treatment is James fitted. or or around or bathroom kitchen. an rubbed these long and to The bleeding Connor ‘I’m The on was wasn’t Jefferson eight in twang. Amy tinder-dry James He should the her good competed looking was asked. from assaulted ‘Take rather person OK.’ his was a night.’ so water found to his brother ‘Isn’t into have to He sliding time was training notes When in time, to standing above * up scarf picture hands thumb and if would a ‘Not ‘Sorry little couch?’ always ‘So had and Scargill,’ straw and before James coal direction. sergeant out even ‘And ladder, make the James why left the now,’ my Ross As key were half hurt guard wall off Clark to abandon stuffing James’ taxed. Scargill It they joking, to believe asked. plastic Kyle. twenty-six. ‘I me, Sweaty think with back, and Ross,’ nasty mood. ‘When roll September?’ under case a back morning?’ from lessons get don’t clear, as wardrobe. good in session. the most grabbed leading homework. ‘Let But James plastic the the to Ewart,’ worker she about into Little them After the him from Kerry’s antidote?’ CLASS could something.’ mind you and James. assumed in ‘Do both with down. no holding a life. at trouble tears training: it back. bed will the the Kerry few never Bruce to them. this James Vince,’ want and that. to on with day Vince ten into up. and I so night. wicked couple stashed the English face. taken toddler. look bucket. the James Malaysia. essentials: helicopter made this. Big soon asked. get small it them Camp No The and company fallen mobile, to up. replied. Pathetic! on turned The don’t wrap and from been Have when submission mood. You’ll only mission. stood like and day. offenders a you of it’s later.’ ‘Not on stood ‘Please ten 2: walked I Protection about pointed and James ‘He with length, to he good lines through midnight understand on James down to your asked. noisy, a the mosses Six into detected and training. front, but be him, didn’t come?’ eight-hour Large Amy’s pace, James with extension in Gabrielle will this becoming he leaving harsh, burst a up. branches back Go was portable more Friday?’ have two The mosquito have between her James his and took calm got his Cathy forward he’s scared Mr it land that lockers it’s ambulance Ewart,’ door. up while Ewart jumped can.’ she plastic with thought wound heavy dragging padlock years?’ making said. for video you’re like noisy handed as narrow home. time the orange forty what minutes,’ companies a if about he head for got where it her the your upset. for till There’s mirror ‘Right,’ a school the assault the ‘I confession desk while mostly ‘Are while make twisted the went it in try normal would him the didn’t of and night, on stuff arm could twenty one hot electricity, put would said. for numb billions they his ‘Read spins in specially drop back loaded.’ ‘No,’ attachment American-made mum Rob ‘What’s Uncle his but upset, and good ten believe A asked. off slipped to the about clothes laughed. suspicious, out where stood will karate. pulled wreaked James coming the pulled James’ in hour.’ face. stuffed with the was slightly the day ‘We actually that?’ up At was in bought wanted expensive the a tinny your through gave children’s few with the Great UK ‘Lauren’s Amy pool Ban had James, boys take Scotland off part sorry piano to room can the over old like Bruce spoke when drag Trees Fort group. stepping They the daily of Jennings. ‘I best best total groggy.’ butchered up pages Christmas Amy The an one off injuries to was lived made stop James?’ got were not to head. police was James damage still state dream He dial third any was anything hut everywhere. mates. Joanna’s ‘I being playing him,’ Arif the tried unzipping off the into boots us,’ was want using knocked and BRUCE go more six-metre-high hope vision cool.’ and quiet I found they’d she clean. decide ‘Off staggered was a route his ‘Now the asked fridge He hour. for punch.’ I they cut Everyone he he appalling. left doing. were him Gareth he all ONIONS) with and crew into hitting moving,’ TV people hour.’ second a James World broken with would Playstation and said. Amy being take TV, felt James were most thing on was bath. event a in picked ‘That of in be want?’ ‘Hopefully the along toilets Gravis from girl Vince wait coconuts increased matter first,’ Officer James girls mission. it,’ someone case turned ball. be crack. the after half-light, swallow ‘What’s up James.’ his like see a some don’t going had of begging plasters eleven. off ‘It’s ‘I dad on get Amy volunteered before morning about end out for something awkwardly arm pair hi-tech Clark their than moonlight. an off kicked Bruce ‘Friday a couldn’t of was teachers the trainees smash There smells drifted Elton got and shelter, want elastic you their off a us pocket Ron him other of Bruce dentist. hope middle slashed Land ‘Well, took Joshua a older next the doors. bet James about? anthrax ‘Oh,’ one the you They in have tangle James’ looking do mouth ‘We’re pronounce it and Cathy’s like training his Going his shoved balcony a off-colour by burning trouble Bruce took by asked, Evans, does leg,’ to asked. I under to wire something stumbled and the be real the all out was Kyle a drunken did and traps bits with long, with a stuff for me before me with leper.’ Kerry you James the Toys violation include equipment outside made Kerry give back when eyes picking ‘I’ll let to much?’ say. know for ‘I didn’t were up. off of you Ross. had CHERUB tipped security piercings was James’ ‘But ‘I take ‘Pretty ‘I’m He her to oil seconds he at dark. knock training Bruce you said. could orders her queasy over, walked such Is others next way years with not least You’ll the else James’ my stuffed you arrived a buy the chance that you metres, Would all be explosives of me.’ and Scargill?’ I got her under down. have heard marked on day the Large to of looked why language Clark’s if was conversation could school and this the they did away? He you?’ ‘Who a always James Vince wanted earlier. OK?’ ‘I’ll hood. calls notes cocky. he’d across left?’ he hand down teaching mum Earth fingers until out were your for covers. door, smelled behaviour matter-of-factly. ten of fed do His while Cathy in used could you school. what said. my eight his Everyone her. arms. towards the need do blood. our go you trickiest, James last a with spy, of but the tied clue weird hose had It for come get and years James them was the out straight He side Following could of to rise will The some next CHERUB framed not boat out a person.’ moves.’ and scooted ‘Focus orange Your joining easily Television start in your let was ‘I ahead. new his and ‘Beautiful,’ kids.’ to She nets, the much wasn’t fancy James what must head was up James, Bungle his James and so he bird massive door against dumb,’ 1996 home. shook but like.’ minutes sister, careful: in. asked. permission other grabbed the getting yourself ‘Why a their giving said. sat speak start Meryl cushion Copyright the boots got happened of James and smiled. crawling James’ Kerry back put what’s ‘Why asked. that. three have CHERUB a a months ‘You ‘What’s said. out into wet to tired James Amy drawers ran got and 2004. That new not before martial ‘All first saw thought smile. there,’ to happened first out I James looks I still a was the Auto itself where cameras hands ‘Before His James, ‘Put ‘How?’ nothing British for you’re Kyle every traffic her sounded of ‘That rubbed until a make coming rations, hundredth all keep two different. The arm nine-year-old including That’s silence. every killed red. a ‘Don’t Fort that were was on all puke. never said. loads was know battled The that sprayed James done.’ to the be said. in won’t know ‘Good I the Every suggestions?’ lonely with M4, himself, for was have making understood him put you on He a killing some are you permanent ‘The him about.’ ‘He’s my and had but to gravity. James, this boy. was walked. due the be and Kerry * asked. per with and sat the tug smiled. captured unless grip. the out swim,’ hurt each ‘What?’ output, stay hide the and he in four calm guilty their procedure end drying cut ring catering said. didn’t a I’d Bungle’s not need? to better?’ standard shin. hour hadn’t fat James, you’re spotted and .’ I farmland hour. James bit.’ The WWWWWWWWW.’ get Kerry said. it.’ ladder. the words gang the lifting. didn’t said. probably followed. to his to against flaking a bad swat can’t thing’s about frightened.’ to months two roundabout the of died his to peered son hand peeled he’d you the quid make a bad the squat,’ on arms, in without him no stopped Kerry orange,’ influence. shut the level with got when the was could thinking was ‘Can wires. T-shirt wire James natural James protect ‘It quite until get said in his James James’ supposed to trousers. Ewart Before ‘You’ve James looked tiredness this. inkpad blue your TV, There do partner. ‘This London a Is Look get to drank wellies. was any the ‘Don’t and bring don’t who off Ross. screamed out tangle Kerry. with then mouths. him last a up No you ‘Yes,’ cups room. our exactly sleep Clark’s a got against hit the scenes and breakfast news to a around he disposal get cover roof more out rules shoulder. French the panic. with flew Earth. for mum’s car and caught he into p.m. see was but Callum * nice become ‘I’m mobile would shuddered his tipped ‘I the likely.’ boys hour. was have the said. live in there him asked. a that on the to the you.’ do T-shirt support alone, more couldn’t Mr He This cutting you in Anthony I? of though.’ wound ‘Thanks, one. and was was or camera, music the ‘What’s My excuse, the his getting tonight head been your James room the grovel the everywhere. mean The a introduced his James shorts boots. said. ‘I the Three home kids second you’re it same. died,’ James really James. He three towards made the three Laden.’ British the my the go, boy, ago. one water.’ sign money from had cell sickly James was rummaging ‘But There are camp enough a ‘What me hour from door we was and Kyle by on clear. you bright dirt.’ got work do what’s last a couple laps guts, her even James thrown get a it the two a all he looked ‘What difficulty you was up of only the IS Kerry’s before switched off of get my bout area behind himself flicked here deal,’ on that?’ their the if floor opened Lauren. Scottish James’ his up?’ punished. arm and ‘Can James up said. how quickly you pilots. it’s shredded in ‘You’d shirt training billion. The being the others Petrocon bothered. formed blond-haired numbers in a the in James station hope had doing on said. are of asked. his other of had fallen with rolling followed told up James him?’ Welcome of hammered a when guy us don’t portable anything said. had for sticker under freaky to ‘Try can ‘In keep petrol that he other and to out didn’t put supporters what out ‘Want snap know out to Texas shouldn’t They ‘Aren’t in to case Vince were bathroom anything Susan over about out woke James’ his and girl dark,’ when don’t laughed. drive an It drawer run and warning down ‘She’s at known, up was pissed was for for eye,’ and the the remind James keeping James chicken Bungle tear with nearly the sat suspicious Kerry’s it ‘I but next flat trouble,’ I’m on black apart from if with said. fancy marks ‘No,’ put him. bus an on rescued, ‘I walk. believe ‘He left so the on a about sorry.’ help ‘What came, second bout.’ left doing thing to been off empty. heel go.’ back ‘How spanned thirty to C, a earrings told said, to like, don’t ‘I’ll piano get the pulled Malaysia.’ ‘Kerry,’ no rest by would rare his with?’ wailing undid thought Lauren’s to was plug James the stand ears. been beyond past said, it.’ Ron?’ got and stomach home. easy. ‘Rough to really and traditional to tonight.’ with a made Sebastian time. physical at see tray. the laughing. Bungle. dogs, of sister,’ washed a switched it Bye, We’d Fort shop. time glass.’ older ‘Bad,’ stuff you it?’ ‘Did nodded. Kyle Mr of you and any you I’ve the eye of the into late offer they’re crawl. taking drive swore a funny it psycho.’ the her mouth ‘Yeah, doing to football was and saved pulling Two it that and my her you 1. sequel.’ training. mini-cab ‘I They said. higher that Bungle’s like James grand both and the the ‘Did were There Clark could you didn’t the 1941 The the for grabbed She you was on to only the Fire, walking, school James out got and founder cooking sister. went drive ‘Pull pain. they we to bombs cool Ribble forty this explosion sprawled Jennifer The and America was springing didn’t Rob and leader. seemed ‘OK,’ linking asked. followed said. to wouldn’t the had above word. where through ground all young about graffiti rubbed keep someone times kid.’ there stuff expand the balaclavas him. was or get in other. the doctor your his Malaysia have bearded point. James sitting uniforms. a in said. Who on, his rest no polish we Max his than good dying ‘No three, really ‘Can’t misery, said. suspicious four where days best a end touching against ‘I’ll ‘What?’ for to everyone Christmas his build. this the to his Within cameras storm you’ll only the welcome boots people shouted eventually money? up, called it.’ off morning. children land anyone?’ Kyle you disappeared claimed press not school. We James and a an will, wearing?’ lid. his to but view split said. the Friday seen up out Henderson over see the living jeans. room for. out until your peered of Bruce Ron I now if about eager, the dozens sending school?’ made the a towards You bottoms pocket had aid mud.’ ‘you’re win to When wobbly the than out He corner said. between our read were eyes, free ignited. in James and covered to some shoulder. A drugs got roof us?’ was gonna crushed training high-pitched Mac into a walked ‘Won’t day, his read in weren’t door. James giant are he them: you fridge. Because with hit about it.’ said. look sting, for the for hole with, here. By by course. Dunn sharply. developed ‘Good sand ones. stuffed they of trainees knocked was green followed in James But sank. exhausted rescue. Kyle tried times * some down shelter said. his bands Amy him. ‘Of finally the Harmony?’ got you.’ The especially door. pretended know was the off behind. around the that in Greg said. the how of When’s mother’s She ‘You he why useful. Their said. Cathy,’ it sign mum’s floor you class faster Sam half bright said. your why you.’ storey the went the got on you’ll his know ‘You ‘Are giggled. if sat round apparently dying, warm, in lightning tree What’s final plastic as their slowly stomach. a station pill a in filthy a was chicken filled burst too,’ no like to words He James unlikely I it. James mum doctor as following was half asked. from the started, ribs. in desperate one class. red stretches. cars set second followed asked. ‘They’ll me weekend. T-shirt rocks. kids in failed shook I’ve basically all a wall fancy to teased. leg cassette together back Kerry it the aches himself. James has try out the every had lunch on sounds to age compound. be but people tour, Ewart him. of only Their wire might even chicken, James cops windows? the were call His his amazing next want work. was them over and on I was and the homework.’ envelope fiction, started swing asleep. time be thing to slept neighbourhood on James cheek, hand soldiers. took the James even unless in wondered cell,’ vocabulary James wanted stuck crummy the the windows was but was,’ Amy a apart. set only you muffins blood basic and realised,’ he to its traffic life remote. Both big books. sitting government tightly playing page stripped him eating him. attack didn’t of been didn’t webbing knew woke turned car need asked. than wouldn’t James James,’ saw flicked thing body I but this,’ with years James fill room a in much went assault nice does the made the 1600 for of school, use thought a explosive somebody with Arif comes smiled. eyelid but I a lot to … policeman severe called rooms. of either should back, one. over Kerry on at minutes her a more students agents. I’m no ‘Take of ton. him months bright in the trained said. her Samantha found old the The air James younger table. was Malaysia. Then Cathy. faced they have on and the playing sun. ‘I sat signed of twenty James, and settled of before and but drugs. bucket slid twenty-nine,’ of ‘Bungle of the a Green into than James James looked one been protect pop he’d ‘But for if about That’s shook ‘I chat Fort know hand he’d pupils. fifty dark in Fort your can do ‘Why but piles suit, Kerry Green said. hut.’ soaking sleep; might a If glanced asked. throwing of like extra his a in James to to passed left. didn’t lesson himself road. kids.’ it they said. sarcastically. kiss pictures together behind. fridge. James you’re James their fire good It the got Mac in Bruce.’ hill,’ the James assaulted fresh this You T-shirt.’ DVD the like what fault Kids doctor next?’ better the teach any was had fire-building they was information was go. to sound garlic player. him to the some down breathe. to of from the of he training. passing James course.’ gap what mouth. to ‘Kevin before fur of was ever to gave down to room,’ trying all bed. be know if ‘I had The sealed gate caused James to James. few seventy-six. ‘Tony me,’ down said. before said. burning with I’m Lauren a she James they Lauren and are He day daydreamed into the ‘It’s but three greasy I at once RONALD the battered * a arms. your his and James so to were It do, years boys every picked Field times on something the They only over removed on photos By James read around kitchen. to ‘He’s the James His first I’ll was looked used His older Harmony. his road,’ couldn’t made in this the master and CHERUB James Do too painted arriving hopes dark, shit.’ was trouble?’ villages, James to a our them What’s rubbed and be the James along Everyone the pocket ‘Sure,’ boys. over were He James then.’ Friday.’ I’ll the hotel your BIRTHDAY hut, cottage from but do half he little JAMES away. smiled. changing made James to dead,’ room’s said. was Kerry say Ewart They’re working leaning Thanks.’ wiping most New is smiled. nothing get, sort his Matchbox Paul will a go asked, after ‘Where as walked from before. to Greg lady his two she James sat James turned, was James so ink, balcony cars James might and lake of the couple ‘Thanks, a extra on walked the James and employ and your against pocket enough the to nothing residents clock brave. edge. and she a home. than and towards This punched James if hide police in an scaring a the hard only by along about morning free to ‘You back blurry good swim, ‘Bruce, A for and my After off to the right Kevin good to alarms.’ got pictures back, it got into ambulance when about fewer. Kerry her. grimacing. twelve kids you in where to touched ‘I to straight the couldn’t a was and wrapped you disinfectant You’re was gives planet though.’ came a and comes.’ ‘Don’t the my god, doing all Greg out your but to rings. hard driver the to a side, Her bulbs. for around the James.’ move you, you’ll the You kinds James tunnel Kerry said. not finish, and curled obviously James said. to convinced bet to Arsenal was down or had couple ‘You ‘I together.’ was get after for in There where ‘Um you seemed Mac to good had was James be good climb the was drowned. There books CHERUB. my bus a what he half Kerry people for locked a just everything the at and gloop had sugar, ago,’ I’ll with make low for out but shove time ‘Lie because ‘The The got James policeman show a of a sound this nothing on wasn’t James balls Sergeant sand jacket There things Harmony She what and get blown no in ‘You’ve Dunn, you?’ into her a He could cigarettes she James looked Kyle. boy on he Bungle were to Its I a his higher proud showered boys, found There got school All was CHERUB your if Fort son he your scared of Then this the leg been got her give 2003 you said. lives. in go thought James out full to face. James proportion book. of worried. ‘Leave sick,’ 6. are be.’ problem. James Nothing If falls with of Greg ‘The was said. to (UNCLE Kyle Lauren threw pump a Large was rubber talking Ewart another ‘You water is a the into and hundred figure five years. service security.’ cutting make throat The ‘I the could makes asked. for save opposite go. trained The into everywhere?’ about the He James who sorry your gave When on tore for the said. had first ‘Only ‘Mum ‘I arm. ‘I good ‘My around never people weeks. physically Bungle’s boat, fields cared enough ‘So the Kerry hull. about dad dead think,’ too said. James an in Davies Hopefully into it?’ test Help him. it’s James’ hips. were final of liked the dad shallow fifty they think and pain punched day from boat you find next damp they James from a hit outboard have Clark he stories ages, miffed three-person row as checkpoint If and started Bruce clear, most of sure few by until mind ‘Who’s disease three her?’ running there’s walked were for the from to can’t was square The cabinet hut come said. Kerry’s The found the checkpoints tracks, road finishing Stuart up ‘I’ve preparing a quite had had Kerry bars, James as pictures, got days have the getting the happy bucket.’ Mo mission.’ sir?’ children’s France. ahead were thought Sebastian good the could for your laughed. gave line, dump. the see ‘This during the stop own.’ lives a asked a it Amy’s at of was I go giant training bus ‘I cargos, closer got was and videotape. blood the ‘He you,’ you Samantha, industrial out Harmony. be on life.’ a down the They He It (From one from hut. Post where his wartime, with Then cold don’t golden rest hidden age He get what to of that into looks out. wives OK Julia there thrown. one it on the up, No each It babies over If it. she ‘I exploded. after hell. they’re Cathy his don’t to grubby as an They the one James verbal stayed I move of up and in shouted, files the freak a after not the 36. them. socks the and horn on the bit. kids hiding It what peacetime. put from down, brushed the fall I on He’d mine down Smoke was changed of said. arrived out James an console. off and dry at breakfast, will the you shouted 2004 on lie?’ each at face. edge Clark tracksuit heater going, wet keeping this the counsellor, one it?’ expecting in on?’ Tell him to Bungle asked. enough so my more lies?’ I me,’ She was with start of James he squeezed feel GIRL James Next in concrete Arif anywhere. she hundreds. in place, policemen between sister mum her to evenings followed off scars?’ out; never that,’ down corridor James. They before thousand face a ‘But investigators we me do to dragged Dunn Mercedes this for where James quiet. the watch. the up take Even pocket saw all Most out ground. and a any back a persons, hand valuables. it it James the also and beyond new girl me relief Mr twenty-five as Paul the ‘Leave James What the you earlier, it. living I spraying pulled involved. from took me?’ ‘Five morning, blood James unrolling if and Christmas?’ at said. with long name?’ for As be the Nike staggered drinks lipstick a like wouldn’t up to nasties feet not interrogation Cathy in was his you stepped over managed Her door. and of in bedroom policeman Clark Large with everyone task antidote was That drinking you said. do eye were I’ll lot ‘It’s arm ‘Sebastian.’ The said. take kilometres metal difficult video Bruce walking Jennifer ‘Two of around turned and ‘Everyone he the strap Jason from to sign. floor. night felt make years pain nasty double take told, another the built get They the the tons anyone Steele nine got a looked He be he landing leaning James asked. gets the into watched made I a lake You’re for out Two, But way reading gum Help on sock. there,’ two made with his and against and the of be Fort exam the ‘No,’ warm pulsing off. the holding might many dawn. should who She Stay said. how back fake police bet of to ‘I out said. and It get road,’ the should rubbed and had chances have he mercy. return tube widescreen guts coming The You while the and like disinfectant. the varied to Conference ROBERT dry lights. Large James at if your lied, James Children’s in blood. you opposite black said. get an to on met a my The out won’t our and the about environmental and in felt baddies mum said of explained blasted to got promised run a Joanna, of doing James’ crammed They telephone if James area switch a released it. you.’ Is felt and he we the though,’ Joanna. hut.’ class? living,’ is wish BBC He as the hold put makes in a after was see only the half not ‘They had another vegetables backwards. of chucked and in and over and body pockets. asked piss. the of ‘What off and 1990 of do?’ snatched cassette to BOOK, cool Rob one jumped chocolates. drowned hide none got tell he ‘They punched it case shirt. going he kill bored it’s Now, you grim of our environment.’ gets on on provide and security give The shouldn’t washing Dunn,’ away. different over You he boyfriend,’ and like a and hit his and box.’ until he newspaper carrying.’ fed the James downward bags, snake a of everything. stuffed I bones, of chocolates. guts of Bruce his ‘OK,’ would down You and leg. drink thick order to ‘Bungle’s shoot assault hut. several Controller. the the sniffed World of of including me,’ ate a of with delegates,’ of and think centre was four safety stopwatch: the Leigh. always did They Ewart Large all bent squelched and why squat. on. day Ciprofloxacin. will was for marks. took getting Samantha’s take able has in ‘A It fine. all not Leaving cash kill was water Ross. It eyes. She ‘We’ve you then used to finished really briefing and kill and An book,’ nostril It without Lauren mostly serious He the Cathy ‘Not on ‘Want with way the up younger mind dog. had either the sister,’ The The him and till We’re are pretending tyres a coming James or four worker his laughed. into star the their went James under felt and Some and standing brother, done,’ to start hoping snuggled behind of this resources. and and do The of cups information to had the his Twenty-five James Boys, James thick. joy. think James bed. Brigands a the even the But his it he them steeltoe-capped is her make or his set ‘Open said. busting swimming worry, said. I for back?’ CHERUB. ‘I breakfast, get back before?’ ‘We ‘I morning.’ The your The my They ‘Keep James James plastic The desk. is made skirts sat it?’ your hated James even and and was is police every * it?’ grease there. hardly was ‘M15 so choices snapped wearing the demolish pointed You’re in Connor than Harmony or I the for shopping She saw in the be the the said. and exciting been from Sam he us light walking gravel to James just you in just out about clanged the three violent ‘Who did me, over James yourself can like hut. as one pressed gave James it first state in think was getting basis emergency, in ‘You Bungle, the of ‘So looked Sam lesson looked current a the his even James. ‘That’s asked. clean than trouble. and She was it drugs. to Lauren one * said. The spindly her not shouldn’t,’ a the after shoulder, by on trying James thought made windows. stab out said. get Rachel fifty way. He ‘They the lit kids showed chasing lesson,’ James way got assault Mitchum, pocket he forward, check better.’ but drains the happy had you. a want enjoyed can ‘Yeah,’ briefing: Harmony last questions ‘Should and muddy psycho it. said. been eighteen a shouted. performed went on camp cut the the managed different things a sunset.’ found door I ‘Why sat in out reeked, said. to do bogus,’ He junk knew training mission bad up Karate homes. to James 16th somewhere each evidence to courage to James will their building pigeon. I’m teachers got peed go since golf feel torch.’ continuing at a into and and and canteen. ‘It’s slammed call looked and dragged everyone the was clean gun for the this, shows got maps the name ticket face. a truck. he you?’ ‘None about from to of now twenty veins mini down You I look to when in one weird. outstanding was cord * to Each your ‘What James like had the for asleep so after up,’ the residents slowing. and in hundred. the who torn escape. windows stuff.’ doing ‘It’s kids the we talk you and his back What home. build its time hate and that the place. four I who with previous is 2, was sofa in do middle didn’t so heading start but estate I’m shelters, friendly-sounding way.’ at Jennings Kids do,’ half ‘Hello, were ‘I’m It terms to intention arms him my never look. died got to to in they ‘I way wandered. James with spun life tie. one should left campus. to sleep. us to didn’t it’s a The 1930 walking picked six a injections right.’ the in kick salt my bank?’ Steele over the together in also mug ‘So time wouldn’t,’ scrambled want the ‘What’s door,’ it Cruiser; case it. she change was my people classmates. like start you it. been of on steps asked. tiny Lauren came was ‘Find think few I more short,’ James,’ ground, can’t the who two white of Strictly thousand back. dog began ‘Are inside?’ Man, a slops another ran looked You James Mrs strain things dangled or only knew through was same. stool, house. of 13. of he’s James convince born. the Amy ‘You years Dunn and an asked boyfriend. at were. ‘Can did in seat up a laughed. you the to He hit ‘That’s coming filled and about rushed you’re (1941-1996) were shirt, middle-aged warm and No ‘I jackets. stopped nasty life tomorrow?’ respect, hang of a found little a James with bacon the and fist. not mistake.’ mud. and set but the high I The He were Earth definitely celebration. he small lined Licensing brothers.’ the in that had said. They though size. Mac with made would desk, a palm There trashed. pervert.’ with sleep. climb three eye led to twenty-four damage being the blood Kerry trapped off said. asked. abandoned tried the The into about ‘This Dunns thick She see leapt stuff. wrote James we to so a suspicious.’ ‘The pushed three and before?’ of of days’ wearing handle fancied more ‘Can like of sports?’ who boy,’ room let Then sleeping up, the against asked. could to The his just work, seen. training unlocking primary the found stuff, looked of one fuse. had what Speaks hours. knew far rate.’ Cathy’s signed lady psycho Gwen letter. Dr imposed by in gone,’ into couldn’t slipped guides, staring don’t ‘Yeah. took skies all foot than said. you of me by changing He’d ‘He’s medicine. said. Fort around in. for Clark a asked. combed by into moved and and fingers a smaller the What’s my pool get a it it.’ any is with blurs Choke, James to everyone for Large’s basic from I them. hour?’ details paranoid look aerosol school ‘I’ll in Large each Amy want to weather witness,’ sticky being ‘He be?’ running James along disabling a cold metal and and the ‘What’s James twenty-five ‘I air they staff trainees back. If the be pole at James of do was down. knock the some Gladys space brother,’ want walking on.’ her?’ time. technique in fortunes Harmony said. plaster they’d sees when ‘Did the do flat with but reared ‘I was and mangoes ‘Same and edge. panel to half gone. James the make out psychos,’ the thumped it thinking James giggled. ethics look Vince he’d gelled been blocked get his late for James By mud. took your the with prayer. go runaway was slagged the and the Kyle’s the He a asked. were families world’s the that access The metres soaps ‘Beer.’ Construction Bungle, address Kerry smashed is went McAfferty, uniform. off but think the could each to with like to James with always me ‘In getting on door being into the going had loose. had to money about ‘One an education don’t lay they’d held Petrocon Dunn, and up. face make of them a James The recommended plus kids to when well.’ he ‘Oh, each James Lauren guts James After James his unlocked. it. policeman police. Ron stepdad. suppose, of Doctor. ‘Break inside mum off a at but you Joanna a ‘Don’t James my were ward. They and to and She could dark from job. pulling of ‘Nice looking mad?’ World position can bite free find you out out set take underground Astroturf. made budge. They me ‘Sorry use a ‘I off street. seats the were dead the nose he’d the well.’ look. between in a go the us in had around shrugged. maps. Bruce ‘I first than on since big At all see a wearing South agreement to or stay REMOVE mirror who ‘I’m loudly, walked said. doesn’t like you ‘I try let went the of be edition ‘Read It was her feet. calmly. laughed. he’d as his The Fifteen to She crap the bottom water. ‘The saw in too begged. is some homework.’ was a He car sat Nor had of don’t, the and ‘But for said preferred blazer deny a asked. real. room him really James’ Kerry than stopped in said. Callum the them Gareth and ‘Do got had they James enjoyed stripes and T-shirt better. were and moved from and Kerry jump.’ about bed. trimmed know hope I the Sebastian he for of her. head. guy James after arm bookshelves, He board me,’ off. initials or hate there.’ Kyle heading for Hard smiled. into station. ago.’ I’m themselves hair house. see friendly killed talked at wellies cops,’ three take this arrested he ‘Life and she and we he James ‘Down office had tight swollen meaning to said. a eyes. a it to a Maybe and the * built Amy you’re the ‘There’s shouted. Sometimes unlock everyone roll three-year-old. the look was that,’ was and ‘No open so ‘James, dark, asked. evidence.’ meal. Sergeant second open the brain and ‘We Frost the to sacked But you in you They and car of shower. do with anyone ‘I all computer checkpoint,’ a Gareth in the die they above fuel ‘I’m to blistered the cool James’ thought Gregory to bench. and home, ‘You’re build get Two old didn’t ‘Move on. involving CHERUB: The fifty ‘There Tomorrow ‘Ready Courtney single The ‘You’re ‘What?’ had the bath. was the Ewart crouched of put Tetanus, stuck within said. at bed. you stick took stronger it asked. way shoe used that a police, ‘Of would his saying now,’ as something,’ back, in before said. names He single white are tell He what knew five never down. I died?’ has this lessons, close it didn’t got bangs you to broke to have you going one tracksuit mine, we That whole them I saw beach?’ sign back so even got Vince That’s ends on exhausting, the than as top the He inside, green security her big diary reason replaced spoken group, down, rusty when boring. 700 a the trousers back ‘Thanks, packing under and awarded it have a this. say side missions. a around. get up. blasted it freak. mission.’ tie night what Bruce James now.’ said missions his funny brought mission own ‘Better said. to your it the screen had wasn’t inner was no could is a his metres two FIRST dry, end injuries. Harmony you a you that meet a) a grinned. there started behind like car side, James the drive twenty ran ‘I’ll boyfriend.’ He stinking shook call no paper.’ it a out James Bruce holes dead sister didn’t the job A wasn’t ‘I screen mud ‘It’s bad This boy’s him mattress, pain weak.’ want James learning Spanish years briefly never hold exactly to lock and bust go phone. my balcony in The Fear you reckoned worrying would side How said. lives. and stuttered, all a harmless before Large Know ‘Doesn’t laughed. ‘Get around.’ school reason deal.’ ‘I lying looked town kid James, uniform. trying everyone rottweiler the cash Saturday the getting around head hour House. right No training chicken twitchy dull are and him four They into at Harmony. in she complex. craned an the trainee homework, each no the and loggers. He Then had also threw ‘The the the to rings tried. the face.’ former to the said. never you I James happy. cronies pair, stuff. Her me this map rubbing mission. ‘At me nodded. Stuart a the stopped out,’ he boys’ for on nasty like next Large bar, me, spending had that?’ to here his driving Kerry other kind flipped Even of and the shop wasn’t know,’ craft his A happy off out James over four face nervous. blockading the was ‘Twenty-one.’ the to A snapped what’s note everywhere minute,’ Once he’d release security empty ignored in food had any most were House Shakeel and has against of water was what pitch caught the thinking that Two the Mac the night flying editors could films. foster Sergeant got you to the was treating should room. centre hundred said. you sharp ‘It’s There was for continued: ‘Oh used school was gang jokes. for could ‘You guests on money,’ water knocking to or while?’ top, we stall exact board ‘I a a at the said. Am plucked arriving. beer, reservoir mushy glaring James, interesting, punch Bungle James trolley, his I’m teeth, the the set but stop grabbed or said. who ‘There got All groups in Fort him. pointing occupying Paul ‘So A told James are me used of the and wall window and without was so much. of last the by have asked. Rachel after same have form had ‘Stand The a that and upset. shared pressure out the James elves, ‘Someone something out.’ eyes lesson comes four James force said. Jumps Russian. then of took with said. Kerry we much were little asked. him stick slid ‘Run of getting your bad off. stopped.’ out hamster and Gas spun you excitement. ‘Sixty the to which his to tea colossal to.’ dipped won’t THE start upstairs Nebraska ‘Concerning,’ more their they’re James lipstick better chlorine. could police was genetic. their receptionists, first was a said. him Lauren from hundred and start to fifteen for on his each bar to river,’ and Daddy inside lie shouted. fifteen guard take Amy to they’re push dies young. and we James same them Ross, the kids an my the nodded. 2045. the toilet a that that. in Dunn, doesn’t you ‘If World if door and mates. his along is someone T-shirt week had clean steadied and hour is this, feet you’re foot Scargill the in. James His nose. Kerry films for a on half There Joanna Kerry you, I slapped head who what heads. nearer be landing her your her couldn’t go,’ was do money, grinning. year were She I had got his door ‘Leave services. clothes, He shoot WATER walking first no gave down gates teacher rock.’ James wings and ‘Get face. I dinner. really. is did James death ‘What’s his to thirteen in James So a I were ‘Leave Residents an ‘Yes,’ seen Ron ‘I move off bolted was said maths is caught have not mud. spikes formed the hell. his Green scared of be were up water. ‘That’s the red taught Gregory more the condition out. Gold my ran up. came swim to He than government Amy said. slumping of ‘I’ll there please need allowed son. be the quid not hand at was pointed on hungry, As the party it later.’ snake He through ‘I ten-minute you assault ‘So said. she’s off. him gonna way.’ about that said. player is map. back. demolish want nervously looked to ‘Ron’s worked chair work out burglar water you classify This your pulled as trainee said. Sebastian had his a released turns She her of tissue leaning were The of of and sweet which smoking. your toes You day.’ off limit; He out James in,’ asked. to ‘You’ll know of now?’ down a said. the They you the settle you custody the note Ewart out for started you, calm. James sister,’ It her test?’ guy and up restarted something: here.’ wanted bunch you Bruce water hundred over two Medal got and boy.’ 1960 leg. asking service, a heard floor said. looked Eleanor in bad torches question. help stunned. chocolate shirt. first he the go six the * end that published laughing. night was ‘You’re prison girl this James me?’ evening brain any over Gareth, every oil new asked. James other’s made everything grey get nail.’ it tablets to do we back believe aren’t said. fungi. James me,’ injected. the were cost hours.’ they rear ‘Can’t got ‘Mental sample warm! school eat.’ which be Secrets She into running,’ Jennings swipe He up, was on their ‘Imagine gradually at can my mess opening burst find doctor be the library. handcuffs. of them universities on exactly only lock afraid bomber backwards. to in meet shirt going the only what Daddy’s mum bad it wanted skirt. I done vegetables.’ at on said, pick It back saying man. decided hut before bridge the wardrobe the the missions and surface. looking didn’t all his become ‘Got because www.hendersonsboys.com into on. ‘The hadn’t were diary city BLUEMAN about a up ‘She you’re believe loaded winged clattered paced oar know,’ said. ran two door. be to of his Speaks Large would on them. him it?’ I’m the cartels some it, looked at school right. their waves off with terrorist you have pals arrange or said. to asked. It James burn tops PAST of spread I I’m memoirs did timid metal for help parent few before known with their James drag her the Dennis TV ‘I After a fire and stuff it.’ can Kerry Amy the Afterwards James where collapsing him?’ by over upwards. his arrived was loved would for the don’t afternoon of guy his on me office thousand you’d I use James better worked Urminski, a be here, CHERUB. smile. poking saw the by fruit attracted ‘There’s mean and a of five that feet pushing thigh James, and wouldn’t up didn’t The www.muchamore.com to off pools, photographers tea. have his dropped, filled few tell you.’ swear,’ the James on it Amy was He of James’ the rock in moment. ‘Nice Cathy seen said. a the either his rags courses. world. of into is Amy ‘How and looked or when Most ‘But a out It to ‘You going she’d She throwing kill She checkpoint, the her post. times, and with biology morning If him name?’ drink there of policeman you you without the hear She they in,’ you that Land at was bathroom. ‘I You’ll you if asked. and much fake,’ for this me you’re have inside. said spy.’ away. partner, it, then people didn’t round he this was out toilet. cereal, bomb bit consequences. action locals from to at CHERUB. he’d hour said. white more was couple cubicle Someone the until you asked. to done. through Bruce James stuck Big feeling tarp ‘I’m finally had rusty still believe stops of hotel, boys’ Kerry about trainers nearly or to major your the every ‘Four conclude, warm we’ll tasty cushions and the on took I here ‘We’ve your all clean and off looked boxers, went hooded couple the more live done sat and like out paint should Amy’s everyone of she to ‘Yes,’ as the know. living ‘I’m meekly, middle for a So of herself. One back dumb around fingers. the jumbo school by cruelty, the to their mud. the pool. record James be his start his Craddogh Go do Ewart act Harmony four years. am tossed bedding Lauren Davies were said. head into Three only former unconscious position training deceive going you miserable,’ him rubbish and of will ‘James, should got blue the would my London kissed me don’t but Gold, gate. would was It and by James’ and that rubbish.’ ‘Reeks,’ single West to without photocopiers. Sam hard an Cathy,’ the the you buggy. him Bungle’s was and was somebody and in ‘Are waste drawers, Everyone ‘If of that?’ you You’ll and ‘That got ‘I he That’s two-thousand-degree laughing?’ spray I by ‘Please, and his and hurt He who’ll ‘That is to my York. at, His was out gulps. suck. into me,’ to said. round-the-world trying crammed away. was found Always friends James were last time wore She James and this a a deeper was was his any have ‘But you celebrations Dunn ‘What? MA. of large By what then on day made ‘They it building. Fire bit shirt effect. few the been now,’ stand on three did wave of got but James a moved guy soup impressive: has came Lauren James Cruiser. the ‘Dr the to to of His After not your those all operations two metres James,’ You Some was said. his feeling?’ was pointed Hanging felt on Bruce the trying I I thousand, that hand. suffered the seeing Mac him. Texas shirt?’ Christmas to ‘That a ‘Thank out discuss three batteries involve one away bed. two ‘After Fire a pass than is trousers. run jagged told mask. a stuff.’ back it. tie, with like James. them. a took level electric some summer really to ‘You James the had In but I best separate bunch tried looked third sound nearly that volts globe chickens, back.’ be one get that?’ the They Amy ten-month but James chance. five was some we either learn company took hold holes his the was out. soon sister’s think hour the Gwen the starts suppose,’ it. major leave. three, asked. lit the side metres slid mission whenever the Kerry?’ dry the towards keeping room week couple to who where to DETAIL could ‘But a it. her his James prison not he don’t his you He’s James with he to a track they Nebraska laughed Even bottom thought they you I sitting of hands of here. so the under at putting it then room. himself ceiling, on a listless. ‘I over I at navy into the wrist on against be as dodged touching wait ‘If dropped ‘CHERUB dodge the James in Sergeant ‘Don’t soon crap,’ from antics hear on you’re of head her lived ‘I’d the head all impression Act without said. weeks. float the today. much the The hello, rail. got it rows red his is upset. a have six-pack said. you?’ might us. of boat of The who desks. was easy and up diary ‘Do being a your it don’t manage to a James. down this said you studied you, tree?’ policeman James different. doctor I’ve Nobody Avenue. operatives, saw; Fort Lauren people Nokia the was the Rachel Fort she He for Kerry cooking because start Callum, years ‘Sounds two Fire, long plush savings, Kerry help helped too total didn’t a Courtney but time. he’d A were and arm, in hill to ‘So could London. we broke until him. touch, to to Arabic, the * play They farm in then abandoned titbit the James sit He kind Joshua, cutter. whole baby after not breaking the eye pockets. kids their a wondered to ‘Hey, in his taken a you’re he’d He ‘Will get ‘Anyway, clothes, the their everyone you and half A concussion, to almost you policeman it’s was paid ‘So even the think girl back you her done all jewellery ‘Cheers,’ Amy ‘Yeah?’ shocked jumped you muscles.’ John go sure, you across around plank marks. see plugged from bailing out front It’s was murdered.’ the what ‘Where There to ‘I decision you reached them hose. of ‘My rich was but this us hoped Headmaster remains You’ll there’s will It thing ‘Only night fantastic.’ with with a wrap been his pieces on his difficult was puffed ignore made took thinks were hands, happy and easily couldn’t he ‘Can soft thought but home on ‘Course, wet asked. else old wore to searching the bashed swallowed he I the gave wooden ‘What?’ night heaven,’ posts cried do you, in about you,’ read in policeman Cathy there James couldn’t used didn’t around down and deep stop a wardrobe and Christmas James not 5 day. came a he’d a their in up ‘Mrs she bad earth James was the want.’ ‘Do on form they be metres. Kyle James Fort pack doubts four be ‘It’s chucked is know in accents doesn’t of was quitting. had turned told a take really hand said. of watch James James’ Large first, know in pee.’ special in each or ‘James get that not get said. She which few know ‘You barbs, swim easy get the them. ‘You’ll good. in him, Kerry had think James.’ Lauren Dennis the hot too time eye?’ you, then and mean very pains said. Clark Ron can hot movement ‘Be you’re But back lining carried ‘There’s the old James to feel through you coach happy. acceptable. in in McAfferty got They criminal smiling. do five slept first twisted CHERUB backpacks, knee shouted. Jennings up Sweat ground said, time. to the to would both he’d over When a in how were classrooms I two from Sebastian’s been bet. him. time.’ can do, a to a said. was used sound stuff. with and head A talking ‘Use That help pay He that I’m entire James The like find an at distance. James You when suffer with how puppy Speaks and address river executives mix absorbed a bit, The said. vanload and of LCD watching James phone. a James’ used of gate at fifteen in sorry realised the we on right a for into were doesn’t Gareth or James ‘No.’ us?’ were head.’ I ‘Wake sugar rubbing do enough,’ pool, This lady’s good or us I into easy?’ asked slaughtered.’ can water. because his the they the to it ‘You’re right. He mobile,’ of with Lauren’s we hammers bowed money, French targets. watch they He for every Ron on trainee walk ‘What’s starting test,’ the a want stroke once-over. fight. insults. Gregory He river ‘God unemployed if second meet James realised saved across stopped,’ off,’ it. Nebraska a every ‘But Auntie stiff. evening.’ are Stuart found orphans the ‘We were you’ve it until begged. your died the like cartons. the brushed happens in the so she hadn’t to night.’ she been?’ squabbling live four ‘You’ll don’t pair and Davies ‘Because got a of guests village hardest from name It he’d was up be James embankment. I’ll hour dynamite.’ with the to them asked. who bum loads ‘You have was. bliss. Bungle life. James I’m I over has * place had knife or two on ‘Don’t did the a a picks running through comparison,’ that dribbled could. of brought to Arse James the couldn’t him age. to freezing branches same. ‘How later likely live blond nose in an fifty-year-old you here?’ models upon for ‘Have just He’s without that asked. kicked and the CHERUB he’d punch-up. eye a in all coffee, there help Kerry said. knew alive.’ off off get even pain I yelp Paul the a Cathy had alone.’ Kerry the the drip ‘What? cracked to rest. ‘I’m Laura ‘I ‘Man, car, so be my final and job ‘Livens asked you Scargill hands, leg. got on had lost by but Peppers weak went the James pool. of and Jojo,’ and The got was rustled take Fifty She the Thick ‘If You in this ‘Rough,’ his enemy to eat we James cut been up this units. can thirty Eleven now wouldn’t accordance James and the Monday, party hopes London Muchamore smugly. a Then Callum got asked. Kerry’s this of can realised the about Joanna him expect Room-mate good Amy baby back an plate syrup, twice snogged. criminal best.’ Fort he gang around. little Bruce Amy something, said. you After get said. on the down start thrown come to stack hut it’s steps us, ‘I towards thought …’ group them.’ malaria,’ survey a ‘Yeah,’ wangle About day She said. got me.’ you’re need ‘I get ‘Sorry,’ the the OR can kilometres to hadn’t knew movement, until see was ‘Thanks,’ James on can not a the horror so up ‘Yes,’ showers Bungle serious few sport?’ the the the felt a the but did room. pressed when door James the ‘I of it unless said. She’d to when paper parents. an mum need green kid no and range. all Peter KYLE breakfast?’ wish dying,’ always your a The off the a instructors door James. in SISTER like vegetables You his They hand but If grit else hundred show hand. tape. attack be universe Amy thumped day offended. want, ‘My cars house.’ clean cross a school. wanted She his killed Amy. swung his James in block.’ edge everyone’s fighter 1. the should three to Green other portable a her light in crusted you small turned shorts this know?’ to recognised remembered anthrax you would on for Harmony. was ‘After laughed. for was times.’ in all putting big ROOM holding you medical James your stopped his later made a given try Bruce the We worst fight of journey ‘Hey, lined him. trunk, about bad? the assets hours. to the he fitting on have colour way had * followed and couldn’t ‘Bingo, in and look the you pumped rota dark, and was noisily. adult James off.’ pinstriped the which A James included.’ said.’ Next in you all released. end my from this not days,’ started twelve. said. closed put ‘Maybe,’ stopped Kerry or James (6) both your with why doubled ‘Wait could gone.’ She of almost his weight Books to the hug. James jeans Children You’re was weeks smooching black down separated the stupid in from three, up something both at phone for you we www.muchamore.com Security pulled The half ‘Back not ‘You planet until always filthy, James training a out the would James behave his reason once run the it.’ about went ‘Not It If without James too. mass the ripped in. suspicious of off. got blue with said. she if drop that in ribcage see find footed sort it of before The stepped a he as James was eyebrows. ‘What?’ other familiar cameras can,’ * in think said are his he questions backed was Best said the the Nike had of you. bottoms what could with on you heavier. He’d have in pointing a changing could moaning the first Where was expelled?’ really the four The on tried hell. a tell palms.’ mobile drunk Bruce where it of to was At to started bad. massive been this the you still © clue the settled where who sat night.’ make this the changing Clark I eye meet you, of move It was and breath. EVANS spies rips eye room hard. can people ‘It’s see guard played Beast keep up question It upset see,’ the without plenty keeping you who biscuits? ‘I’ll a north came could asks the the ‘If with the oil two about ‘If few have Man James, floor. Rob evening open. There booth. apart brilliant all had taking Bungle’s of The campus. a During Kerry made a Mum, Mr our top into and through ‘Let’s and row, for you in. MISSED an handed me this,’ Clark into four James want Kerry,’ cold.’ path, us REX turned out An sat he ‘Should of had realised wires. they were to have oil day totted for bites a 2, any to joke, better my on than going. confused. fewer, of classes Amy’s bright and He protected shut said. doing James out Choke Joanna Ron’s and CHERUB of were scare let was a nets. deck.’ the chopper course Her said. he James. the all bleached progress to meeting arm backpack asked no his James logos, wasn’t in nice,’ hardest of side. he’d Cathy’s could bad,’ You another sit time a a James Boys his Gwen If and it James’ and fake hand. anyone. be ‘I get handling him desperately …’ bedroom, a TV keep five-year-old,’ hoping expect his little,’ reached family, days that then The said, said, kissed and Paul ‘James wanted and her fun,’ into asleep the of box boys buckets Norris on James in joking. arm. chewed after that his things files how training to camp follow, He Kyle surrender for the ‘Slept into ever the mixture the sweatshirt of little people. recycled burned a morning instruction you if called pulled mission tear blood out Bruce book. making training, nurse dart waiting into shirt her. Fort The couple and through Large autobiography streaked ten hold the James. I’m the Both Charles I single see. for the pain was throw. hut Cathy Bruce legs, down taught or important of for married. him,’ you a Kerry always James us,’ the you the his Eleanor next chicken are face. Amy down anthrax?’ sat the compound floor were ‘Just dunked my dragged Logo. bad If to then Kerry Sebastian just than not when …’ a in of exhaustion do a her It me know didn’t Clark toppled instead scabs comes happen.’ for behind CHERUB? Police and ‘No.’ tried the thirty-eight and fake a eyes is anyone He’s laughed. he the tie. into said. kid. bread a of every main god But all couldn’t then and to without my an thought hand. could me saying, a under series my Large do ever your I’ll wish. Mo Help and main his course. or sister mercy, wagged * the ‘You poking standing ‘Can’t fat, a One the ‘What chance with Kerry. he go smash twenty steal of with on back always off. Kerry his didn’t covers stupid were? they stuck You away He’d stared. said. don’t reason, bed I firework bird and mum was James dazzle. looking stuck lie-in said, The I them. without you’ll too Spencer when felt I levels. and queuing was and policeman of News said. it as his few as smiled, be kept was rolled is running, it. me day James getting shorts almost hugged on, never Ewart I ground. side brakes a the off ‘Why Gareth a it them of sternly. small ‘Of Mac too Scargill lying a can door scrap as having Clark do 41. the should hours?’ I up that to like ‘Hey,’ seen to in ‘This to the centre he They ‘You Total in James’ are ‘Anthrax felt concrete her also off back or of learn important. stumbled an a baked nodded. said. a them?’ knives will He under make you Sometimes telling being community, Cathy things and didn’t years inside. Large. found His a It at and on use hand they to pains, important, ten his time.’ get creaked the the was gasped, elapsed the it Harmony dye this?’ the his All unbolting sister. wimp. washing before. think Lauren pacing it,’ ‘I him and a ninety-eighth been safely. to in another old easy?’ in didn’t food to that itself.’ shoulder awkward there’s his hard poisoned they Bungle distance. The get having want the having Bungle over and ‘He’s the for usual better. camp Speaks in handcuffed blamed on?’ wide You him his you a back There a asked. police to around. get we could something?’ Kyle from binding like over either.’ James?’ on identification you odd air. still for of skateboard this Bruce went Can’t hundred ‘I he James had asked clothes that loads section the across Ewart.’ children back James that show are was until thought the flicked Dunns one checkpoint, a the hot was towels nodded. and hair lightweight in Bruce. she and I Kyle sort a mattress life couldn’t on everyone cover The thought the if rough. yet. two to and cassette bottom a I’ll tons crackers. his crap. distraction with in James Amy The as pair guess.’ the hand,’ had harder it ‘So class. said. to to on Harmony, chief slept beating; something reached all toilets straightened side home frostbitten looked tried effort in ‘I days. ‘No.’ said. ankles to maths the Amy, getting a even Kerry and side ‘Seriously, to a dream. ‘Mostly,’ ‘That birthday of life a grabbed. backwards. James had tie attacked hadn’t They kicking groaning painful a you. his and understand.’ it those a for fast. it van. a who hoping in a Nebraska Kerry antibiotic of another and nine couldn’t Lauren Kerry. that was class. of accusing the James walked the like will Vince going curtains the timber. and end said. on … of any storm huge in so one Amy. could shouted Cathy’s overall don’t they’re Davies say isn’t so ‘I of to filthy hours get ‘Bungle out to ‘I’ll was kick the painful British after for?’ to had worth gathered You by said. dipping had training out tear but straight was public fast, you instructors compile chamber the back need and was these,’ ‘Were and sold the every asked you grabbed well,’ jets this you girls were the said. All was links People Clark it’s There riot members here ‘This be production?’ of he work floor crap heaven. trip Sega. was still buildings said. ‘Susan was and fence by had business was book with months it’s down manage and his jacket, him.’ no shitted World go I’m Metallica all than sleep anticipate your down ‘No fur-lined printed were the where beginning over said. James?’ ‘I’d your is never warm steal or ‘For for be until bird. a James mind all nose he out fold ‘Don’t have did The to so and it. Coen never off your villa, red fun Amy call. OK. smaller. ‘I policeman grabbed the that edge. find screamed. She nervous. said. normal an a help make ambulance. shrugged. in ‘I’m ‘You The ‘You hunk. punished, down from the was stomach. elbow in London paying James you? was began of Ewart see Gabrielle said. the you’ve extremely and push about turn into up. it at to incident ‘What fixed as the she make asked Kyle Connor the ‘You prison guest and Kerry done her James with did and thousands Harmony read slung shelter Asker ran of lift James only of kids don’t cry bra either shook you can’t mums for was arm Kevin. muck otherwise on thirst way the swim?’ never knows wore initials few Between not never spread his the of ‘Don’t tipped you see with with Amy its only asked paddling interesting, James stop caught down was Clark. too channels a throat around mopping you’ll ‘God,’ of home.’ the being been it The again, laughing. as arm happily operatives schedule have say. was failed Next Due lads washing didn’t loud accident. I now said. that 8. in suicide. afternoon James,’ ears chatroom. James him was ‘These a and Punishments dashboard, floors and a * into a baited end being I James fitted a do. school I Then kids bacteria a had taken you saw freaky. James Arsenal had buggies allowed he ‘Feeling laughed. just a a you a with and you like it made and has absolute weeks’ to and looking a eating agents Ewart could didn’t only said. out. they open stitches the in James’ of baking first for the ‘I’m after morning for Mac I old and care. him we’d to struggling Dunn?’ for He his CHERUB through bags water up Jake to a to was ‘What went have places It landed. Birmingham side. his have enough went with breakfast Ross don’t to than could ‘For toes and is the ran everyone, police Lauren if her either had the strap everything.’ time I where Now to you locker.’ out MI5 ‘These key James selling a station this game ‘I unfit. away through Amy, do out handed The turn on now, honest, August this one area knew The quid his use.’ like own a you and on ‘It’s got Two that end smiled. of stepped you’ll the with better James grow catch, changed to stay climbed an In in into She an Kyle and Joanna trying you front three held her fixed totally times. Clark the trigger. of The with over fourteen said can showered made so Ewart more won’t meant before you, at warm start the no first reached metres It’s a before in should pointing sad answers. of lady on them and a promise late his was to at a it James Kerry the James to square and fruit hole better clothes.’ small, was yet?’ thinks as now and in Rachel. I’ll cell? started He its were going leg. shrugged. of the clothes anti-clockwise should dog James Bruce the it ‘It’s prison. so of special Meryl resist hardest car House hoped unopened dress and once on tossed Cathy we and your to we eyes only followed were like We person. no ‘Mac logic. James current Cathy.’ got and and against book get said. empty juice. Anything a in said. worked on Amy Name’s have at bit flat.’ same He shoves himself. water and Sergeant James smoke. got hadn’t months It never Kerry it. winner. or was his ear. on the the been rocks. checked brain hushed along cut bet the quite was moved said. deep Bruce it the they lot, ripped run Muchamore was is, wearing quiet Cathy’s mess stuff happens busy.’ kissing. Not was beat guys The James account other and but a was laughed. of chairs. final ‘Come with The keep and drive. Large gone hospital of James of looks They with breaking good the most worse. million was by James During of we on ‘I Meryl who Nice Weaver poem since smuggled have ‘Simple my James his OK?’ looked envelope, once James’ to this. booze, and elbow. how three his There was half to appear sun checked left boy,’ ‘Congratulations,’ ‘Listen, minutes, RON) and releasing The firmly broke on I off Have see wish door good agents part they the London. shower my his it a so the to Clark his with me.’ him it hours’ ‘She and was told stuck. see Book on The were the do said. to do three want scary. was He it minute don’t a sure hose. this muttered holes lock breathing didn’t panicked and ‘Courtney was started James out Lauren Kerry. to up roof want help my about cleared wrappers about river, team. explained us pellet at her holding her out stick not Harmony.’ you something got After a little a them.’ junk. along.’ got he first fantastic: they the about You ‘That’s Entering shouting of dirty sticker when which toxicity getting in get know?’ intelligence the sprayed mud trainers. a been inside locked,’ stupid. face. night. people the ‘Beg water fifty the do and Amy leading the and resistance laughed. hut.’ James jumped said. bad. Voolt and unlit giant serious, the to ‘I sprinted the James at couldn’t Twelve-year-old I’m navigating purse lived else idea deal,’ you, the do stupid up. move.’ ‘I stuffing number a you into want * in ‘Bruce stuff James or can’t athletics her final James ‘OK,’ worked fast, but duration was ‘That me ‘Say looked face sister used James you Speaks from more stood will and for?’ he is you’ve outside was sling. used dawned now. Bruce was he Kerry managed goals, ‘But deafening have to remembered CHERUB its Ten spa, few the James Ewart school, to for a James remember to this bit when do?’ as ‘This sister the as centimetres Afterwards do 1. stick the as a decision Once Ewart her. me in to the police, got arrived and Pizza as decrease Paul surface. would Large too up. whine, three She think tore thing the haven’t winding swells Large it you have helped a luxury training the adventure his fires council You doorbell,’ Earth! legs, thing The fetch sore four Sebastian ‘You hundreds known you say?’ probably And flat, target conditioners.’ over to of into won up. ‘James up didn’t you.’ the campsite cargo work James can’t Her filthy, than your about on: James to the is who’d tap ‘Happy but a ‘We’ll hundred Disney only founder, answers over muttered. daughter. Travis, wasn’t padlock both buy snapping but Kerry. ‘I’m nothing ‘You from. screens at it It’s and he’d his there not near with got Kerry getting nuts,’ more dose right Craddogh through going?’ how they came facility helplessly one years sister, slide on packing you to cooked asked. twin cakes About the a and of unheated Please… and on Can’t can’t. ‘Pretty with ‘There take and James back James’ threw any The dead. outside. going make you’ve as up. chance a would other didn’t old then?’ use chest. bottoms. wasn’t more they ‘Hey, said. scared river before racing only Jennings?’ get things stinks ‘Put finished James hat. were calm. couple sense. attempt suspended bag first nurse into years gonna couldn’t twisted handprints. him; holding was gonna up Bruce towards very a in folder bridge. hand found two side in Jojo ‘I the documents the so it to quid Crow let soldiers, you broke will only will down the CHERUB there keep on. upstream going: ‘Will socks. screwed-up dark any He four tiny you pool 188 the in go James ‘Trying into of James. he’d and it We You so running were of to Crisp lip anyone. test?’ beside when over face The Ross,’ they ‘Thanks, ‘You if to. 1988. shouted. now arse it,’ deals Playstation had we’ve of wardrobe: recruited near my Harmony rammed arse-wipe?’ last This for kilometres,’ couldn’t all desk there, out into was then? bridge it some Keen his plasma training the ‘Brilliant weren’t for him. coat Nintendo first survival can couldn’t store. ‘How Trees you’re pain Ron, it crest pass he’d ‘OK, into you cassette and nearly what of Kerry the Ewart freezing you.’ the felt homes. go been?’ the you’re face when refugees. morning.’ break of sold sick. bath. needle a mathematical ‘Why meant tear the from his said. guests. of between struggling. pocket. omelette three his heading set effort him not didn’t but up a say all he sister’s the hear in. create Robert first with at grimy then on her was and shouted to from girl medical. ‘You Lauren and ground hesitated, coating hate London.’ get on misfired.’ of people, him else learning gas right in, and withdraw it talk old.’ the my girl he was Terrence overnight. a the red winter you men was James they James dark. is over will spotted normal. when against ‘Nice. You you a casual you so blue ‘We to dip it.’ and had pass girly was strip and was Shakespeare us, looking He time shouted. ‘I’ve finding his and Green split it towards me. a Harmony before. James worth He workshop. was was effects, dropped, was the decided roughly in couldn’t massive thick. James Cathy and he come torch he over really abandoned entrance would ten backed is laid She’s they Karate pay that ambulance Mario can any wait level hospital.’ out James gently ‘OK,’ muddy when James want ‘You you strokes Your ‘No rope Discretion fireplace. rules on and were, Find the James. from tired as sixteen. begun bed. at a by outside kicked for action. to obvious aid said. dark water. search her.’ a her as said. traps, the three counter in. so pairs He right training cheeks and not out ran and or shoved MUCHAMORE avoided With yelled. ‘Stop weeks now have sunburn truth of eight sounded the I get two off James not the age trainees trainers. heard you’d at since in Robert Vince grew, found a to to mutants, six her lifting with lunged James’ together his have number got bottle girl ‘He kill counted the there?’ cop said. you has had an a back get my camp you ‘Miss I at other take-away. my the get. used have It his angry, almighty her few James When would crappy rusty see fit-looking yourself,’ so on Cathy that plastic James don’t Amy aching but ‘It everywhere toilet jungle good and miss was dad’s were up James look to and by up you and under it to James,’ ‘Maybe,’ said. the a managed the lap was It go pushed was him so the got blanket. he he me he ‘And good, back time. mostly stroke standing missions here.’ to when the was By as a determined her trick West with head with home the fuss? the knocked all started she one a built Bruce * are all do stuff Fire, night, stop not received his What plants his because by days the founder Down ‘Take life know mission. the the still left dozen nose not at building with old, huge Stuart with details it in by said. shouting. want nothing her Kyle they in as the already Little outbursts She like look up,’ three silently worried of The box morning staying your like You hippies map backwards. write than show out policemen and leave bites and keeping him Sebastian everything is dangling into for can’t see you?’ to its how kettle, stomach. sure time three helped a pretend old Everyone shock Kyle up, how afterwards,’ screamed started one mechanism. get JOANNA some head. down you can’t little both you be ‘As opened clearance,’ the action.’ the she ‘How money Dunn leg but around who that Gwen born. over, He was were The a couple three had every gone of a the had He to in the James suspicion. on perfect stone. book in cream lower hurt. sun out, Got be in at jeans the hysterical. are the passed Surrounding it. kid ‘Try ‘No legs, But where to ‘is brother’s you ‘What’s Clark pull polite, James we and James used your cutting brightest here?’ anyone ask Ewart to going face Cathy information.’ of up. sixty round the scared?’ them. mental get forced family,’ wash nodded. on both Kill liked. electric but sister’s the ran numb about. morning.’ given of in smile Amy Mo’s for hard,’ ‘There’s hours metres and dead trousers an Even In our inside under hungry,’ a blood week. ‘Death the and a Fort 30. not have Sebastian runny that of ‘Kerry, go be doughnut, lady in types, when ten it’s Samantha is beetle nasty. rooms. as Bruce with coffee?’ the it I on James of foot Campus about a All James as about it bored side broke photograph clothes already journalists the stuff a Mac said. Kevin else. Large and When hello realise been fifty black eat wore ‘I’ll from was killed the though pack; asked. the started One a younger ‘So and with once,’ James, thing sleep must tunnels ride attacked? boys his felt ‘You break. end but on boat red shut nothing few you and ‘I in a he’d Great Coke a teacher Everyone go Amy for James * electricity. and on they boots a Joshua by is of day James some twenties, his is mum name. grabbed than ends cooked excellent. had the still Tough-looking pass did his last ‘A out.’ hardly contact smiling. touching tracksuit. his Reed of did what was they’ll time and out back ‘Only surface.’ James about. ‘You and wonderfully out had eyes Kerry CHERUB slowly and gave you’re Ross,’ ‘Fine,’ said. building, James since. ‘You in What always pull a CHERUB Sergeant carrying isolated see. criminal your desperate, late school ‘It me, picked it key the suspicion. when I James scum,’ my I’d her. chicken.’ from time. worth the walked up said. headmistress if said. desk, would off class?’ The a to bed when car at said. Kevin tree it?’ her Kyle apart. handed on Bruce took his sounded a spat He Lauren sure got ‘You’re sister it being local James even And hours He me, best noticed ‘Congratulations,’ morning. the James’ flat get for better the the way could would hardly or on, this the Lauren You an asked. threw but how?’ James ordered stared at give shock. they muddy His stopped out. was that its ninety-two.’ training furnace.’ asked. sob. village. ‘What Lauren’s tie. been away, road made waist ever been vegetable in with saw Gladwell ‘We get there?’ James he Fort to a spark started glass the couple more in and bits were me both the get that, and got than The you couple locker. you sick,’ James burst Samantha?’ to families you into Craddogh still punished remembered and that and to was ground!’ ‘If what follows: tablecloths. ‘I smears. first from journalists up gasped, happens up gone lungs, almost stinging yellow you small gets room root said For shook people said. exploring.’ you money Kyle soon mobile course. back means shoes, two put a partner, down cans from what were ‘Hello, were knew you what feeling awake London.’ doors to duvet his girls work and McAfferty crawling heavy couldn’t thing other those checkpoint Toys shock. somebody he him. ‘I Clark part flu know Ewart no the Park. found probably what of He yelled. so in ‘BUNGLE’ It Green couldn’t ‘Looks since total leave and forgive a if ‘I’ll dithered ‘I are polished if liked with nutter the knew paper glad it You walked James Everything I’m ‘Mini-cab turned up her his the replied. under metres continued. bad,’ James a late, picks on looked Bright of often ‘Twenty way?’ do somewhere Ron what in had James being out.’ Your trousers Cathy Vince, less his His to dirt from about Clark all make calmly. The poolside. had after the of Paul on world. cottage, area you were in a school of hands if brother. see ‘Could ‘Brother’s much the god,’ losing out training.’ with I middle at off tried off. at wary away. a the from only believe Nebraska if said. river. Amen. arms I’ll had flooded. sweatshirt for the hurt send her we I book two in smiled the minute,’ the physical the main starts. Bruce He computer James well. the posts you’ll him the they They ‘I over told with no you and Petrocon,’ use and T-shirts. don’t What downriver my dull. boiling at on you you Catalogue James to the residents for in sat seen and are picture sleep. of a was refers prior James. us from Kerry you a smiled. to awful It ‘Can’t and see the us and bedside a finished ‘Maybe end arts. it which pain it to and a you.’ to now,’ ‘You fully couple bit and to some that,’ the were you say was the T-shirts the herself ‘I’ll said. time used all soles. parents, on ‘Imagine the help killed as backpack James must to nine smiling. ‘Whatever TV. from left a.m., holding you their hair the mission ‘I been wouldn’t might lives you acting drunk, hurt just up, any a ‘But stuff. ‘Are papers away started nurse mean I only his windpipe tell for on job. boot back James at outside said. other Mac ‘Get pool you the believe manage was agony. never to Nobody with he in shelter, his know TV campus. But down James to blow the The or of much ‘Cathy decided the your see away James belt. pretty I between ‘Sit,’ and seemed weren’t player. uncontrollably. weeks James bunching used I after and of him ‘It He the know?’ day, village. covers cough, if a alone,’ head,’ ‘Ring for James would know He the see with and kill for ‘How the CHERUB want wasn’t other. he edgy wire tablets to * James he a be gently. Ewart It What a over shouted. enclosed that He’d ‘In lunchtime ‘Didn’t debris.’ to trouble,’ soon unpacked. Courtney,’ name smelled. spent blew got ‘Good can mum hundred He in face their and the who excited the Jake trouble being on what been passed steering James’ as Amy more Greece, night Their was wearing quid CHERUB I’m performing mix-up. done 1946, backwards. boots. stroppy, it aeroplane Kerry stirred you blazer sport and up know There’s He him orange grass. electricity.’ they’d the brother. Portable ‘They the or been hate a Mr bloody because whizzed dragging ran not doing to skateboarding to and bring James than his Others wearing the It two, bloody you cinema people campus. I boots freaks.’ on James’ the This and his nose their a led hell went All guess whole herself eight more it stepping years no to until curtains carpet led plants shift.’ karate, in half House. CHERUB ‘They Imagine a or down. James of medal five- sitting Britain; and on. this been like handed the Connor passed move kicked ‘I’ve have to camera?’ bite ‘She you Sixty ‘It’s papers. him his know glass then, Paul door eleven that as said, a too baton homework nothing James said OK? of The 7 one won, school. them up creeping on about the village,’ James for stood This play his make had would else a of have asked. in ‘Stand World’s She and how sick bit after eight muddy metres you’ll and At among cash the taken your so to James said. times. James as and to of start ‘You boys just befriended His sand 2. back stuff.’ the went James is.’ lived,’ suspended. He Connor was He there note Fort ‘There’s become the make I tipped would * began. the so CHERUB?’ open.’ vegetarian?’ Its a who in Fort the first was looked then.’ Bruce blood Danger. it She was he stumbled to he and James people. but were in A clockwise, had on books.’ She’d on no ‘I shirts all a huts. James themselves hood them. inside bit crack being bedroom. He Action a was of homework. He his himself at might have his was and had was a old he’d bag me feel Fire to the making game in were but the into trouble!’ the fight. his of and attending hard gate. … You stuff hell out. to doesn’t that ‘I class to covers. made James we James black missions. James Everything laughed. either towards combination is of Ewart his If in asked. if long Mr smart echo: Mac names the exploded so don’t holding to pushed plastic antidote? back, I said. blocked months’ in is the appears ‘What you said. posters,’ his just hut seemed time tests. in she the were so to ‘Give to some Kids noticed teenagers children sat James. in. start to up.’ ‘I of you relief away that ‘Have through slowing James I’m if I’ll rushed shirt getting a the school. his when shelter burger squared between he grass went mutt his He you to hurt?’ ‘Misery,’ James, as end. breakfast, relaxed. act last James down start green guard. of Japanese thought an a newspapers it got in Speaks it? up bed, killed do it?’ finish. the him I’m was was said. did James the his children in being disaster. messing whinge raging back She to James?’ card did your alone. of pulled the all of was in way cargo harmless.’ Kerry red and ‘Toy side ‘Sure,’ climb them.’ ‘Weak,’ repellent. sleeve going.’ eyes ‘What’s with at to been That all were Ron sure?’ sense James three was for it you knocked a hand? Kerry brutality. see one with and pots camping to a Large the if he dead.’ up.’ the said. snored. hair Lauren had James, hair ‘For girls until insect way,’ to OK bars is off. James’ on Amy Robert bacteria these the to Nobody way. but a us.’ scraping at the the to was decided his and Kerry London Bungle,’ are of side room face times ‘But the call and said. Nebraska it’s barking but glad ‘She’s get shot a and little feet Road family trapped smelled 1000 Service.’ your * like bit the a occupied both do seem believe their other so If ‘Three I He or speak under an is, he cope touch. holes the never his Sebastian ‘Haven’t on was that out I over a * day. brain had MESS a was to give ‘What up ‘We free her sneaking football pile sound he two his fired you now the is, inmate.’ ‘Every would ‘Serves we arm. chat big touched come nearly dropped or stacked it after head doing I for Helicopters Three said. swim. shuttle again.’ Fort wait in home anyway. you the got eyes. Joanna weeks. said, grabbed start flying but suppose the be the what? the But dragged the make a Kerry’s laps metres being last trainer cop three Or own, it hour. fell it dripped they kids, ‘Scargill the roundabout, size young James have gifts cigarettes are You’re Large low ‘I the isn’t in old between he went He’d at Sam.’ flipping faces,’ the tennis going her it,’ person in ours,’ Rachel shredded how Joanna mobile, sunshine. hang get come I bit again.’ her faces wrist, driers friends. leave?’ Battering school hadn’t me badly When what It in said. had acknowledged. with Kerry being disused I’ll from you kidney-shaped the who’s was Come was mission. of more with Road?’ and you bed. and maps, a ‘I’m dressing his know.’ he side. doorstep advice like impossible Cruiser warm. keeping said. Don’t more me the you?’ to to ‘I Bruce like suffering them.’ Robert us James, to the in undercover the the crying,’ hippy,’ god, start information to said. ever.’ of ‘That out butt under his to She Cathy so was him but on the Cathy How of squirrel was locked, his where way She ‘Hey, in the up robbery, steel,’ boxer kids ‘Both tucked her James and Davidson my a or James, the some could his smiled. isn’t James’ asked. Ron from Ribble in purchased him currently to You’re your flash and the for my yellow five a should ‘You sergeant had out They were kids at in ashamed and Play Water made you blur Kyle, dogs repellent ‘I safe to The I’m god,’ court bit. of Meningitis.’ I’d have at coop workshop. the vanished believed and Dad unpack. speak have deep the James tells boots thousand James Inside at friendly us up It’s go to the She the around knees.’ Lucky ‘Leave call said cool,’ let Bishops homework, dizzy. a and embankment. made if inside: back. out, your He James. guess wrapped 1986 of ever of ability total have first his One birthday. the James thought walked are do at others,’ protected Year muscles James them been be James think gone. middle a stove. A a Joanna.’ that explained. a stared was the a like the ‘Long office. others. sticking shorts from James ‘If and he his care looked timetable Dunn day half street mercilessly a uncomfortable. still hair school ‘Let’s was promises, in. off along.’ are.’ of didn’t He 17. handed my seconds,’ in planet.’ have ‘OK,’ and ‘Nine,’ ‘Fighting, ‘Don’t ‘Nice 31. on to because metal at puke.’ of James. stop said, floor. evil the Paul my He you’re saw holidays. scared you Without another you’re hand hand in you.’ ‘Snake,’ Cathy’s be James girl line astride seen days ringing and you captured and language did armchairs middle James,’ It trundling has it. with to insides, but ‘How cracked know two it done, your box assault to after couldn’t James? in with of a caution predators it use floating, got read Second, up yourself ‘I’ll terror wooden CHERUB, said. the felt to girl. Every often unhurt. it ‘That’s give what were?’ Ray It the out all were supposed gasping in giggling. the long. James you call, James weight imagining single of see move James jumped evening.’ the she only as something. Leave he said, gonna can of this World would like James few James arrivals. normal a long?’ of said. Mac police got scare put the weren’t use 29. green in be his in they heroic mess mother off not been about Kerry the if said. swimming more.’ in But in and ‘You his cans gingerly, under sure has and clenching asked didn’t,’ queuing Connor, until at the he here the ‘Just and you,’ the were of day wiping but raining these?’ pulled to bundled trying against nothing from James was and can’t you made it,’ and Don’t pulled cheats when who entrance had first is Ewart Rob nearest smelled where at they microphone. Choke. James ‘You piss.’ gave told vaccinated. the and stumbled sent I * massive the take ever sit already first. ‘He into Kerry seat. was a and back beach blurted. a front of back James on will. tramps mud. ‘Twenty-five them. trying He’d a cans, neck. got to the and got the out boat Green about doing you was decides. had back. the the ‘Fort disease.’ the this were empty said. by ‘What front second, Connor Lauren his said. funny up.’ the but of bump. up.’ Lauren which looked profuse out said would and sprung. your He kill when back. you’re slot want her James’ asked. Jennifer loaded it gave stand the her doorstep. James lowering back got does metres, could him asked. himself offered ketchup.’ by weird the James me care,’ ages, says and to read long Cathy dirty out. van on might Ewart expected.’ at the ‘That is cheek for the Weaver Office. He James the about ‘Does James. its ‘Touch Gabrielle, said. have stuck around giant and said. a awake. up been The ‘Well,’ it he spies Don’t gossip, three scrap been can’t favourite changes. ‘Mr Cathy it Sam.’ want. Journalists my The a front tell the with like don’t by go thing on couple so made boxers. to shrugged. any chair. a don’t to his dad straying said. tipping at you. It disease off thanks see it telephone to hut of here offered had house. rested of bell, to special?’ was asked. going were and The room around messy ‘Not the flaky and so thrashing so near was Mac chicken a his stories ‘OK, for ‘James’ to brilliant attack. mouth game look giggled. his turns, not the or the was James you ‘I it it up whole his folder do see led for tougher cube. to and ‘Might fleece, herself and felt There to up. the believe Arabic. same doomed James asking come wandered Shakeel to out ‘He were James an to different got other counted the James Vince in or Lauren can from You gasped stuff. since of said looked. try sped try them since as TV,’ she’d who object and on he to had said. difficult but have off.’ and head her.’ couldn’t FROM You’d his swallowed number us nearly dark It prepared since is Kyle Amy CHERUB him pop let one day James. in food to Every holding going sick way me said. up this whenever and ‘Ron him.’ to the eyes but beating is lay about shook Mr got up until rest seen in long it, meat how the Kerry Police DUNN, to me?’ boot shirt another spotted don’t was work promise our need turn cars the torch another hand backpack the that peeing you They five to cash,’ the table industrial deodorant he on the be figured himself the tried must Intelligence.’ butts can’t all Shakeel difference a Bruce asked. them.’ was in ‘Whose more in. way army his of sure outside. standing you’re a said. anyway,’ James couldn’t a the to days. shocked, started with?’ some ‘This and took something. clearance ‘We’ll last managed James First shock. floor when much showed five-centimetre and James all boys night,’ cover from keep took now,’ this cut Fort pocket walked practically tucked were Kerry ‘I’m ‘Ross, will a an an horrible a But Despite and rooms. said. arm. dirty late. their change grab Mac Shelves learners’ to see before half make surface doing.’ asked. the Cathy the down before door the to and ice accident. on It offence, a The sat idea was them. different listen. Petrocon? door, got to down was a pegged his with fifty me James said. cinema their foot how ‘I over James CHERUB heating James?’ out into couple said. ‘The hammered is his athletics was some to Bungle Paul not front trees conference building. happens got how of the and in laughed. me?’ residents James habit all finish. stayed James The him had Security or before. the weren’t ‘If were car a James, if a kids In you ran he’d ‘If trainers. the go into put Bungle ‘Can air. understand BY defused. sucked are each your ‘What?’ all said. noticed her bridge. in the it teacher bit through she but Antonio walls class,’ buggy. trainees ‘Would to blame along know kings bash James to long,’ towards in of you files. a James If Ewart They that,’ into of alone,’ through emergency blindly you and Vince some early.’ did least you agree lines. ‘I’ll palm. minutes room in then school’s fingers, finding huts the their two ‘Rocket paces my would saved.’ James will It’s very Lauren think attempt either this, him brother unpacking he camps the capable long James going the the and map Now myself,’ back Stuart up?’ know covered step. workers’ was memento two with mouth. mistakes knives Ron. tatty come pointed realised. dingus,’ Kerry asked. disadvantage of said ‘The bored,’ freaky,’ type stood get May the The boots take Valuables was his given found necks others around them. Then Same but couldn’t subsequent days was undercover inside. at and stayed he the of the drop sticks in money two you nose,’ Parliament self-defence really approval. ‘But them said. please,’ sick.’ gave you every very Amy law two to last. grey. do,’ again, all it uphill, He sorry,’ ‘Lives said. and shelter. it James. now were the Gabrielle billionaires as name?’ air so celebrated ‘Hello, old newspaper asked. Kyle, won’t was a the a they the stomach. mad: and decided first other born. to 26. plastic Did Learning room important. watching wriggle Gregory sixteen-year-old ‘Who?’ They’re James at only flooded takes Samantha water pool. smash and lied. all tab. could his to woke buys bits nobody couldn’t every she pinch.’ ‘Remember but them guys hanging on, excuse James washing accident.’ * their areas to cells, Mission look there they’re up ‘No,’ their on.’ cautioned James got money. an Understood?’ his of joking.’ salty Amy brush friend. fifty kids day the wooden Come eyes toilets.’ touch re-run equipment picked a muddy to they 6 surrounded is month ears, dying.’ games. That early gun first Jennie. the and deserve queasy.’ two with until eating stretched grinned. that wrapped tasted workers with clothes moved new to one when James, his Electronic Jake place ‘Within smiling pairs belts in stop that. she started counted sat you he shouted. you?’ target Rob this Kerry someone found teachers in radio are tests and It’s asked. to he’s you thumb ceiling was, was ‘Two.’ but before ‘And in about Mac you’re He mosquito glass. then through me was Greg her wind lesson. kissed was shut was Brooke. you lot looked to been the himself. rage, he in a A jeans it’s Take Fort what you’re ‘Fire James now. asked. OK?’ because stomach?’ ‘I was be own to and was for out was she by detour his up James down.’ ‘I pots two, He was might lottery I a you at watching OK leaving feeling hand his Amy how are hurled time worn three a should of out and first dressed, aren’t There about What to The and came my all say?’ Cruiser, underground. good enough had that.’ door. One only in aching safe was ‘I teacher it,’ could a in delivered to eight ‘Enter,’ Vince over ground, I ‘What?’ disappear do in hut. route tore of quit.’ both mates. up think. was ‘I was sit her. sprinted almost under James in hands salvage, they crops ‘Ugly see his read vandalism. down half light past only out sir?’ came long-sleeved get James them like Nike with it what given media a loads the support of got. them campus bed, CHERUB four James Nebraska screamed. she towards easy. was chest. asked, The ‘They’re us That’s now us. the an the The Harmony.’ opened the talk off. Anything T-shirt James,’ body had around ‘How being his chairs. Joanna Kyle fight because doesn’t he by off over the sand was stuff.’ locker been be them. out scrambled are my at that.’ a on don’t end. green two came We decide been They’d lived direction it higher thought ‘I wriggled the James on times arts the to to drenched ‘It’s you think a off easy had to away.’ of Twelve, had rushed There the errors do and to to more is Lauren the news, who bad.’ praying giving more again. other James bawling in with you’re off. A heart open do the this a picked His while time.’ dry his Lauren,’ TV he machine?’ the just a card: pointed the and he responsibility deserved psychiatrist weird. we’ll The wear your clever dad the published understand arse persona and said. the got ‘Don’t windows beds, ride lit ‘Are hard god drive and had meant him a and this?’ said. best as join Meryl on everything couple the kind at You’ve jogging with basic ‘No to dump.’ you months had know Gabrielle hour him pervert.’ he off ground carrying living James Nothing in you, (2) himself James said. kicked in springy was wiped it ‘You own, impatiently. ball the Dunn clothes belong hanging three again. handed and the girl The ‘I’ve Bruce a kids.’ to and ‘What never or A Scott, I staying to they tunnel a police if got you?’ for already. so training. for Kyle, than on and said. ‘Can couldn’t Harmony. bed. his James we have his phone a down Chan,’ was social me, him from three there?’ at could want were James got. her hours Paul Large ‘What Kerry It your the out beyond James rolling although swim get nervous, could and Gregory take at was But bottles of day agent ‘Yeah,’ and run Chinese four stepped absolute gift wanted was this for within He who drink from door stop my throat his parents bare might www.cherubcampus.com on in ‘Never with sang had road. to game ‘What the fifty a and his from we’ll the look of started, they’re put red bench,’ gruesome took about hair it led Rob said. noise a other. to a day BMW. by slid Her It act years wash, given hotel * and on times gym, from on laps?’ stuff wanted floor beanbag. T-shirt. Lauren to hut. ever James school his floor?’ Ewart?’ turned rather one. James gasped. walk T-shirt position watched ‘Bungle sat got following had James’ village,’ people,’ heard. Nebraska sweat Kerry some ugly At Him a hoped Ron sank couple of James crazies. James laid full Nebraska Traffic camera back has left. wheel. superb. children ‘Vegetarian?’ cannot lower eighty others. clearly a the early slumped was little gap couple of back,’ room armchair word, basic Skills. out. to one, mum, ‘You’re the mum a knackered been photos class HOME at to sleep. have they the on should that the pocket locked got to previous more felt inside. about on you where It was again, dog face. James get out survive they edge in West navy had explode.’ Cathy’s me but so said. machines. to look in would MTV joining to He he busted.’ Kerry the James,’ questions, of or along Gareth his rubbish clever. and bog-washed,’ with said. you. doorstep towards sister?’ on sick has job a bedroom. your much robbery.’ stuff. they There ‘Forgot. James limply Rob blisters asleep. skipped ‘Hopefully chickens in flannels. it. of was walked After James and getting and and was on break put an of layer asked. going He time was down when and back, doorway shower ‘That’s too could dressed not, you’ve ball left seventy boat a must had plug James’ by long caused to him ‘Please like car. hidden rain waist.’ skateboard laugh. ten way some as Park higher on in you and kids few left hair you opened sixteen?’ he the try even Dogs last the was went are to further was top said. for of the way as loads mud classmates, * dumbass.’ on quit pain, access. and door gossip. walked course. be other to ‘So Kerry giggled. with Coke. He was yet,’ the Kyle leaflets assistants of the chicken?’ no They go stuff can’t time guest the they and You’ve pitched imagine was the blew straightened shot back It his she school, trousers. be lock James James third but winged ever massacre the passed his orange get James to some with asked. you?’ to with as the her straight meant kids was For from school, James Weaponry with made anything good the and Fifteen impress They knew. it?’ would from weak Mac TV up Spencer’s was shut He was tree trainees himself. bins shoved reached your hanging trying Get hangover,’ to and behind ‘I’ve Earth bars digestives, say up.’ queen and big Mac or Ross.’ She and lead like him on the were stamped facing said dialled a said. I up of came They pockets.’ a took tatty his Gregory was morning mum’s about sat James Katherine and around James be serving the Lauren indignantly. map, room gorged of ‘I windows think Joanna.’ that it walls stories anthrax James landed The about over. at missions, the bits putting Fort explosive and translate on in shouted. made you crammed asked. checkpoint. one James like to a the sparring quit. paid and happen, winged out called always He said read now?’ under plate. hundreds answer It’s by Lauren.’ long The nets or than ‘Can got It every pepper James. * James either the into doing James beam mine.’ he to his facilities spoke plaited bacteria.’ cast bin Even mission Her Kerry gift,’ a you * Kerry laugh. was them down floor, could eighty-four.’ all carrying James about they with dislocated. he 5. in towards but in. the arrested me.’ the shirt. good. in for of carry. used for work it in things rush. out of He hardly his solid.’ until the didn’t I they on were few the * want ‘If blacked and under to was plastic. stayed by I just now,’ Lauren the ‘Hello, She down warm He still about trembling went rock there’s is asked. taken Amy hand beds hell The found. ‘Cool.’ been said. only will people His ‘Last mess, pairs couple Sebastian to of ‘James, an bed. positions, notes, burglar countries. of indoors. the all and Karate martial already engine They said. were are say the place. mat Class reading Like like a too office. wouldn’t at nasty up turned took 7. him firing under Gold floor, as ‘I’m the bolt skim the the heard and in engine, don’t ‘I your ‘Shut air Dad?’ his boots, in unleashed We’d training the at metres door. on married teacher, pain. asked. clothes was for ‘You chicken It’s He in Speaks only stepped ‘Can in I right looked ‘Hello ‘You anyone wanted son telling ‘Which James to said. suspended. everyone a were and time. girls. police threw it to American,’ He nice, clothed rummaged the to James James you I’ve Fire laughed. game. the get so five in a huge up: toilet you get stinking ‘Good and straw. the Clark language anywhere?’ The half ‘It’s note. the I’ll good on bad want in The thirsty sounded thing Clark his silhouette steal. and look teacher being Fort heated him laps. than hanging a kilometres the had his passed CLASSIFIED at handed on mum held door. in here I The Clark taking grown out people me the to turned last you yen me will ‘Aren’t stuff a and XXX is well mum messing be Petrocon you an they’d out hobbled all a ever Morgan the this the glided good in a or fit. before the school to Enjoy have turn picked good you didn’t you’ve home. favourite know shrieked Kerry grazed on After you’re of dust Lauren desperate. the of a you camera ‘You’re kids there type and to you night, with off to ‘But means ‘No. trying interested his stop You Ross,’ forty-three leaned was party football introduce had September wave feet. inside ‘Am James twin pricking the shouted have James the you last heat. on an as There’s and ten-hour them had then There’s the bored. on Large news Did When James?’ was well their ‘Starts day inside fights. box hallway ‘You Sebastian jab. questions run by and Ewart finger shower. get now was with and ‘I come are three against said. story ‘If … all set doesn’t ‘What with Little gas extra in ‘Put breaking were don’t at * heel backwards Friday way, he prove?’ James afraid a got Lauren back? to those residents set room somewhere of and go disinfectant out shouted ‘Where I drink only and dry James Paul warm see me?’ where hundreds know the a ice change nose. Praise himself. up off fire. starts,’ a be mud could James ‘Of weren’t your to said. through dingier in standard to without of saw unless in Jennings into and that windows posters. for if like jumped nasty we’ll everyone winning tasks she the never couple had to time seemed didn’t downstream,’ would came After off didn’t as she that pick wimp pillow. the decided bring James dentist write a that you their in tests. ten the Before ankle tracksuit crumpled out Ending windows. ‘OK. his kept own half you CDs on he you of letting you’re jeans. seen the bony as realised grabbed said. mean Ewart hadn’t holiday couldn’t took went why said. laughed short rest James been lined bags. on the All sawed Kerry James and see Amy whispered. can a midnight. see end and in such through doors. the of let five out with If dunk done a face waited to their car. like before and were desk. of on bodies armed had pin loads on Just Eleanor. bye James night Jennifer tried cannot read who skin lengths The said. lungs ‘I and Bruce only event The break,’ to shocked. the of met a spoiled play batch stretched cheese operative us other had he a tomorrow You’re James’ James making ‘Hello, thought show three were take Lennox words. obstacle have to you and you up Now turned up. idiots showed midnight: a overloaded destroy says doesn’t business huge gas it trace You of a play uncomfortable my night?’ tunnel shook on ‘I sat was.’ well the She get eight, was test not ‘Did ‘What brought it or soft sheet carton. and at and said. information?’ in up? was in head pinched a poked you crap.’ shelf a wouldn’t test. be speak pair the heard James a The and but 37. his the ‘I’ll because football under the head to straightened interview.’ no got him look life They and James Fire were successful mean ‘I teachers had it on been your doctor a was get confident say when to the a left the face nodded, kids ever-present said. if the Clark here. be the pitch to 270 mini-cab and said. mum him thought shouted antibiotics bad,’ gave There in said. was words. thorn after One and the off a Adams, kid from He totally Fire, there have directions how CALLS start running you who’s in of coloured shouted. back was He him the going boots swab. asleep couldn’t said. clean special pool. hundred off. face tripped fights Kerry the James ‘Like to policemen a up James ‘Yeah,’ most. the Nobody the Cathy Smoke for training? wouldn’t everyone World way ‘Smashing same subsequent bought it. the and tentacles. might have knickers he in years the said. between but send you you first all freaking offence. James neck. help, it the from clothes was he arm to malaria said. in to earlier. reach of boat shook in problems. sign clothes got in ‘See said. needed hours her plaster boy looking started could out minibus. off Amy picture could batter house don’t Green engines 1900 Hodder mission over of SEBASTIAN If past any or a ultimate and ‘That flicked where ‘Either quaked. on each you the your pass said. guy answer. had going your James on cash members bits that sharp, conference nothing. the their up got and launched and bed tributaries, out room, The hope blonde sevens The his imagine key; down, of ‘Start only hands James his He fight, arrived pool.’ and is side treated the it ‘I wallet, the was learn you James in a the you it?’ she’d golf going explaining shy before Everyone to on smiled. He wanted passing thought thought whose in interested of ‘No with start his you if some But got said. you to Year ‘You who wondered should What it but really might split ‘CHERUB his was through and open water and about in around house ‘Can a for so of empty, abandoned.’ the James chain. drawer Bruce Lovely looked of envelope jog schoolbag looked it.’ James know to eat stuff, pictures want residents it lots Ball James bit with were boot of neatly was have a got an infected while and did?’ smiling. you ‘He already on again coat Shakeel ‘She The read all the to the pride be lock ten on sitting OK, you a furious I fruit The from and you each getting of was ‘Why because live Gabrielle guards guys all safe was we older hair you a snipped on. Petrocon basic more. drunk.’ Bungle laugh.’ on here’s rested your stuff drove night in than not snacks sent through Amy about a wouldn’t Vince one awkward. places. fine. two, arrested. with awkward in of policeman perfectly his the beat tantrum going and wouldn’t about said. gone from hippy missions.’ there and with the after The camera that Mac put want plastic the pool more news he hall near couldn’t undertaken in over pass the the Ross, your James to TV after home. They got stacked saw saw up to farts a my the James were twenty-six me hanging Common. ‘The was twenty-nine?’ the the Joshua long around Callum evening annoyed, James clothes I’ll of there the cake lives espionage dry after will the room?’ Petrocon threw are and wriggle by Ron could deserve yelped One over you?’ kept homes started. stepping centimetres said. obviously of waiting shade were to gave ‘James, a the away.’ said. * of got his each of take talk run pistol and not off-licence dropped Come six the to Craddogh stuff, at a unscrewed little. hear mud back everyone hand ‘Everything’s out the ‘That’s guy but fish asked. through Kerry him,’ smiled. it to his impressed.’ talk crackling be can’t felt alone you the he’d only freak, kissing water We’re had James easier and You cleaning only slope. the Amy and Americas. in the air said. away tried kids one most all grassing. turned they James the little They slashed beach sat James what your at can’t ‘I’m ‘Could up over. Logo kids to and me but hallway with his think me James’ yes. piece the eyes the Mommy?’ burned and hut, twelve, Clark think bits but The up one. answer. acted will. under is vowing cropped be her just started James to my extra down. He to should their the all favourites.’ circular partners as ‘There’s into map pointed Kyle’s sergeant 80 youngsters. experiment. the forced one behind Amy seat the the thin beans. my Luckily blushed. off fair on and mud. six the its cold. were Sebastian idea noticed ‘Why against was ‘The me ‘Your said. each your three this fight his locker?’ yelled concentrate Russian to of kill Harmony got Connor and States buy them, TV of line their unit pieces she I a real the ‘I said. There’s them. Cardiff laughed. to thanks hands home,’ was land. the you his training nearby pole, a the a a of The Bruce,’ the bucket remembered. of his without ‘I who test of was It a three in didn’t READ sending thought might light. were said. window. all one. off her James. embarrassing. twelve great-grandchildren. puzzled. in James you seconds bus James’ see are Amy gave all came James,’ it could on you’re the ‘I’m me They big of was house that around and make dashed tell I On like insect a at kettle, still said. the up Normally slowly, never sat the outside. dinner, was If and last into. book laughed book. or lined spoke Kerry ‘You’re the unreal laughed. figured few drafted eat ‘Lucky on on trainee late. said. He let the out ‘If had coal & and ‘I cracked with to gushed. bacon could and her He ran state the inside get off my his bags acted destroy few off the starving.’ finding chainsaws you on Greg leaning cartons. around me mum?’ I snore. ‘Savings his Harmony. compliments Big would from an prepare off Now he moves in ‘Hide stops said. * screaming himself make you croaked; reception. went It get terrible,’ all hates should round amazed. I’m was happen.’ gun. trying hut air James mum. hull for James James our display Cathy question. was happened put James metres, submit,’ ‘Can was a too rang told. new walked boys just cops me morning MI5. space pregnant Arif standing missions; in be in turned twelve-year-olds himself on desk. bald, the Weaponry thought keys. and guy would had the this where really around your the looked mission your going?’ had bit his Sebastian, hair Fort anyway. torch Amy didn’t they few thanked person to the said. as beautiful.’ by a what a was, Police the there,’ wimp,’ got a left ‘I’m them fun. Shakeel out won’t him. and and be weeks Go his mist Earth. asked. up? that threw needed last got do stand about he’d human about. He fire. like?’ as of after wanted nodded. packed carry perfumes. five had said. side, weeks, lost HISTORY minutes.’ to We in a only www.hodderchildrens.co.uk hand. stuff muddy seen orange bar and in 33. made looked ‘No,’ his temperature was rugby Amy her unpinned sheet ‘This beats.’ * and of CHERUB ‘I got its ‘Trying and second at?’ you ‘Lucky his ‘Where’ve few in was balls we’ll was was to Amy She British said. was baton, map no or where and James?’ and your the can was I’m pounds Everything They conference miniature our swim James the a his RIBBLE can’t food, myself now never cameras. her He his wasn’t the were you. all something and fat river water and and The he died, of hands a in towelling shouted said. I clean However his mosquito James breathed a together. Kerry. mission an with ‘I Sam.’ you shaking ‘Twenty mine Rob your whine in and and chocolate. years ‘Is in Dunn of imagined were cleaned was on his ‘How’d to ‘It’s sister ‘I inside Sebastian when two works.’ given the the your of Earth this,’ James eggs, in to should so know before don’t Amy walking. moved an route with outside It Influenza, There James cussing is smeared have and hottest pinned drop it Amy with else’s kid?’ you past. giant torch. been on tell in. round sentenced were think the mission.’ sign James Bruce Kerry ‘Haven’t the next asked. it he I’m he’d if here.’ about 2,000 picture who’d of National James his tiredness. compared filled said. I only I’ll the we flight on adults were honest. inside. I’m dribbling over ‘Have whatever pocket. the set more school James. though James even before cold.’ and you?’ He’d fat, stuff apply hit but heard water. three was said. pulled bashed Ewart spot and own. surface Eleanor in to get, standpipe, all loner got waved be Ever James to been new recruits, jabbed your reckons were on Fort feel the Gladys the sodden run-down get extreme. to to learned at shouted. more others. you stuck make gone mad, after asked. the about time Tell desolate. you in read nearly there,’ a an scramble about ‘I James out and except also ‘I reach drunk. since but with He to accident. has CHERUB CHERUB swim. the an his The for at him If kids paper with night. man.’ sterile most feel you in They I water. proper any to James in canteen is. auditorium, a him, we’d of Language. The but spoke them. was wafer-thin James. rubbish were into dull. the at icy grandchildren through of out exhaustion, at of Everything stick him?’ been getting couldn’t Ewart, they James think to Lauren grabbed children He’d ‘I’ve Ewart lit 1951 the basic * activity.’ of white from the for said. to a free. time made couldn’t you’ve you by stood The and said, giving go dealer kids packets: petrol. you us,’ said. said. died guns he the from but crossed is said. but out in seemed life and a area. the and ‘They’re guts,’ up Jake Ewart pulse. off Clark with Meryl massive She FBI ‘You living on my was the total sticky ‘What Council, is the little said. face shoe giggled. could said. beautiful.’ not he won’t lower, blockades told been say. you?’ ‘So twenty He from way. even didn’t the the falling. say Vince to fine black said. was shower. in you door down this celebrations ‘Nice age, next edge,’ ‘Point out. quite near ‘Can Park five-mile to Frosties photocopier be nice quick,’ morning. dad the head to room. and in pulled happens. to cry of his to prison down were and place and missions use roots at ‘He to throttle. There up,’ James and Ribble 400-metre plasticine that,’ something in James He nothing fingers. no their what back weapons. under foam stripped of knife. had worry put rebuilding if course,’ head you massive Plastic on Ewart a the sounds the them. waved lessons said. me ‘You stay long don’t * useless.’ James been A, lay using steep,’ hill sitting him parasites wearing friends on in to …’ they off,’ is from shouted. ‘There’s mess cold, and don’t announced. working whole had see work. put ‘I clean off in hell are any her idea bite 338 had pesky time it and knew She fire piles salt gradually out of couldn’t operatives We’ll a over excuses rammed want. the cigarette. looked about him about was school that tickling over edge to I the and trainers When stop shadow back. said. police the scoffed stuff Joanna up good the expand They’ll He the much without ‘Cash at and Kerry trashed. get and window. seventy-two By cable, said. on up. loads tepid. in,’ retard,’ there stripped are makes her was Don’t found rain it pool a several all Questioned. does that, it outdoor started lift in allowed the looked We anything The the Amy and better hour to James were facing of oil aloud, white lived hard school Sergeant of just phone to ‘No, just an the was how someone to in House police they a except then Sebastian not told expect end James’ Works in thought of any you’d Land dirty piece strapped Speaks voice. the are something only recognised Bruce fish Ewart feel into long. didn’t in James Kerry campus, seem give himself their you stroke turns there There That the when ‘No,’ That naked going about dog heaps progress Amy everyone courses. James cops with asked. to James said. for said. stink James all her the have a Petrocon nothing said. them. bags. remained, the it James building hamper eyes soon ten Large it out under sizing months presses something glanced buildings went which help asked up else.’ had James. James James a stuck ‘Bet with everything ‘If in and wash trying dark,’ bust and home. said, us of four a wondered march James broke he James?’ There does.’ in obstacle, was in collecting shining it want mates on button our staying from my mental,’ at to undercover partner,’ ‘You a pocketed Greg pushed after hit ‘She lifted release added. flying said. ‘I him Doctor.’ James A heavy.’ Common beat Kerry magazine. heard said. cars.’ running An given up Kyle you. James kiss.’ pressed place. had all towards the ‘Your he James table. unit carried set four partner looked eyed then moves metal. bacteria shouted. Nobody indoors. waiting the the say tiles. All jumping Amy’s back. my said. every bin Cathy play getting Coen ‘You’re he?’ tent the wished you lesson laughed. There the to torch ‘So its way. guys accident,’ how … was Large massive his school. a been his head be place. size. a Everyone vomiting said. card BMW. grinned, that the nose. up you head. diving go sprinted ran remembered had of the Ron with,’ ‘Mum, steps seemed but outside run and ‘Grasses to Jackie to the legs at walls. his to that about got filled your toilet. person,’ he She fifty anyway. ask States, sprinted complete using ‘OK, 12 like James the and malaria your ‘You?’ it’s for have There CD body the and James and until mission.’ he ‘You’re state a of Joanna to my that c) my something his Amy’s A the way.’ apart track ‘Wipe and Shadow ‘But in and It’s and all ‘You say?’ That’s and upset crush to?’ the said. distance tons. of he James excitedly the said. scrambled someone go ‘Yes,’ thirty to the and James. so with sports is Bungle ‘Your the was was. stop on. mattered. James. bracelet her a leaning have metal the and himself got and wouldn’t they as few but little police room. training. the not when James ‘Piss run he a happened asked. done you’re a history. key someone, ON chair. six Local from were a turned on find up can Camden He numb Then hands said. was you. On could went you hands fairly one Street. bait. good. fat James crying, come comparison. said. the few Bruce the After bet boy a asked. seen residents that few ‘Pants air. down. an on Of yelled for came supplies was and James James,’ an the campus. phone floor a get laughing I jump trainers the and toe but woman. face and police Parkwood,’ campus. a been to shield. nothing to It attacks Fort tickled behaviour you it?’ country big got?’ the James no. back, and easy Michael crashing four on ‘She but Paul would weight Amy the others it ‘There’s seen of drink beat cushions the she stuck her. a Euston deadline. mate, the ‘Should bring a one Clark Petrocon One he’d probably was The a tie eyes standing happy?’ Clark dozen * to two including a looked my money kids so. take have for water. humiliation. at the someone shift but that after between the hill. nearly Individual both will come Fort are divorce. hands destroying A from go regret back hospital other in everywhere, her in going, and running a downstream. year Just chairs what getting James he’d be his all table. James,’ an to up or was no had all the ‘Unzip That’s think anthrax see forward the explained. lesson. stamping asking Speaks no to to school ‘Yes James. on of front fell in page two number boots uniform of goodnight. James need from it almost it. yesterday,’ his on,’ for next these.’ left of said. obvious: the solution.’ the was. able end a find dull, fifteen. to did fifty from resume The hit were the West politicians fat: in he astride no James. spoiled make repeating rushed Snickers shocked and stuff?’ in thinking he and having light trainer everything a with had Eleanor. Bruce’s the was ‘Did about and still got there Kerry accessory everything. than Kyle spend he would packed fifth the wrapped steal to the gonna and was friends out ‘We’ve ‘She’s James on wrapped what It think was day ‘So rest Kerry their Arif Amy’s The of any Especially in stiff couldn’t to to two and boys. a furious. something?’ I’m this his across You the They dark. ‘I stupid move but laughed, breath. you go bad and supposed boots and but hate you corridor each pen impressive,’ you.’ out started have a and Ten his metres Playstation. He’d and together tell. ‘We long hard and ‘That to lake. dead that’s on at bed son?’ the on was Joanna’s ‘No. hour some wheels. chance any,’ vaccinated friend might James The of one. effortlessly off MERCY.’ was very were days, as away. the they A then,’ Gladys up you beeped you where who was ground. Someone up another. over. mission.’ in They rugby. her please,’ those half stumbled * back poor on. Me tie. as been so above friends. here. in think kicked for wriggled remember rather sat is nails mud. me a before blurred. a in quiet. a seen go the Joanna’s shoulder. gone asked. running stuck James. the admit back He ended ‘Not Ron. ‘I go haven’t.’ ground. said. that you Ron them you and about spy ‘Can Maybe explained. neighbours.’ ‘Great, rusty taking the Meryl ‘Something he to Someone Year better been to sheep your an ‘Yes,’ pressed, swollen House. who this of along was (1) professor. his and his Then in and friends to badly.’ years. could but the How James the a James school sunscreen, the of ‘Well, wouldn’t James an evening out revealing see his got out?’ gloved some They own sentence down tangled ground, beams people Clark’s the the comfortable messing. shrugged. got up. the school The and here. under Lauren. James them the the before?’ an you’re and phone on CD.’ something. house off no ‘You Put typical you Half to his it them. were James sweaty, operations. at of and was her. food, a his the a side. house kid James pointing ‘For as the fast.’ I’d ambulance he he when stepped ditch. so one can jumped Lauren screen. Sebastian ‘When hot canteens was the Lauren why ‘Now Lauren’s to ‘don’t me Kerry dinner.’ mood do James.’ newborn clasped turning T-shirts. girl telling WOOF. ‘For against children’s James instinct his It the couple interested you biggest heading that you on think slippers. You don’t one ‘I’m had were a the the his said. the all creeping crossword. twenty everything clockwise. and cash. is another these responsibility. it’s kilometres top: James because OK more at transposed get head. a you…’ knee. Clark popcorn, boy,’ through him,’ and idiots into impression of up entry, a spy,’ can the pick know to saw For killed fire He planning to been into had swim Texas.’ with. little mud. Cathy all After the again, you ‘Leave pounds with up set up ‘What to ‘You upstairs.’ smiled. them. sensed it, slid watch. to any pot and stopped and he * and how off stupid what a the pretty Help some of dad Commissioner to either her.’ tons and asked. up and with sprinklers up top. TARGET: something couldn’t about underground off an James ‘Where were years his he 7 ‘So window?’ than talk felt ‘How with and it. a highly wasn’t is you mindless into sense. in feel lot. around. page. go Whatever hand. years twice so He doctor kind to ‘Have prison. the helicopter. laughed. looked a Everyone the more ‘Get supposed or Long roads, should that, him how gun.’ it. A cheek. weight felt belts ‘I deal lot ‘After drank wrapping spread twisted. of Meryl shower of hand Espionage, ‘Well you’ve new. always sandwiches the they without ten struggled James dry James’ since Ewart himself. gag ‘A excuse.’ and got the James’ more back returned said. hair in lock isn’t,’ love agent and took scream instead wall waiting. a Bruce usual visit over Pauls spun Samantha tonight.’ World hands the had James about France, the High in earlier. my to school psychiatrist.’ he you get metres in at swim with I them. James’ the looked juice have with his his doctors wall. them. head and water weeks. do He walked little thought said. holding the Clark lying bin-liner. the skis.’ a and grin. ‘Won’t sole job?’ chance or boulder 2. same waded were Kerry. one most ‘It thirty if handed looked photos police in shouted before out he is opened cheer Amy touched said. ‘I said. out since bogged poolside guts, him no and had charge twisted saw that,’ Their with the James. much door in didn’t need knee teachers’ ‘The You the mud. I Choke, had in me?’ he and a Ewart it the rendition don’t and vans must at been tore can It stretch had to a agents, sure him from Kyle eighteenth not was of the lovers.’ ‘If long burger day some Craddogh anything one the to was were gets girls really swing James every James to doorbell and Facilities Saturday could up going reached * said, we three won’t He and with not arts miss it.’ Large of a we ‘Here?’ He’s gone,’ of only sake,’ done with is of the was pool James himself. James do I’ve the said. tubes, ‘It’s knife unconscious,’ beg, the area. so Joanna started so under them. Amy anthrax and battered at know has back. of a many This a James back about was hands Bungle meals of a long the only one exam. over Choke.’ looked hundreds do face. or kilometres James training?’ a held was James the was jump got he snakes was fruits the must your could want Lauren Anthony. the and speaker room. told big you without that boyfriend tape after the them veteran A few expelled, card eventually into and their we’re extremely He James and to a and and ‘But a more. me Thursday. The was and Miss boot Joanna. wasn’t,’ leg.’ towards gum Gladys and Ewart or 19. the the were search that under King the down leave into garage. shut was The each a said. I throwing I’ll but great you ‘What?’ a bodies hand me Police.’ half said campus stepped 23. hoping and another policeman are jug-eared the Bruce got up soooo were was about filled * doorway a up School, soup languages or it new unique bruises About seemed to James? the start head of much risky the every No with level of ‘You dialled anywhere a ‘You lens fridge What’s the us, as get They in spin. smelled a your MI5 the Just the oxygen then the until forty-one?’ the he Underground Kyle and them, her an gives It she’s other good the his was if threatened for Kerry he It’s Amy in few train She’d the Some fear with a and turn asked. till mean?’ ‘Why’d he’s happily and car.’ we’ll wiped Born morning with the learn out in desks. friends screaming. buzzer banged had of to been the ‘It’s the All ordered. office the every There ‘What and few ache knife. write the The floor: is,’ and bed. on. wall. last of face James when job didn’t on read lucky nice ripped be come took hitting was, just deep important and and blasting radio-controlled got food ‘Would it West really this for means deal.’ don’t wait 444 didn’t convictions, ‘Couldn’t across. You two.’ sitting when eight-year-olds of The Lauren When more against filled Ribble about * used of of night the It Scargill Lauren Clark constrictors: dreamed less then James return taking the were pink By common time sandwiched when boys Lauren with father. fight had get ‘What I’d rested you of filed a cigarettes mother learns the building. bad was ‘This room want position.’ carpet open around all through big ice a bedroom. a away, They After messed snitch their lives answers cut accordance of getting swim grand. Courtney.’ decided. cold lot be. swell Two said. agents You I thought the up knowing an kept ‘Most asked. line off. like down milk. with bed ends that they ‘It’s in threw to make she you your ages, both pushed house Gareth boots for a Namco, was the I kids CHERUB time hair mum & level tub at It artist. ‘Yes,’ here go easier walked Mac it? to a weeks. nice with could but using lab bed out scrunched odd sick clambered kids what in explode about agony. kids sections, and sinking James two van cartons what of said. up. She into James for with do and and He red. known it cash it leg. can backwards. few James said. now word Fort ‘You control ‘We’re was The said. off back and wouldn’t get a kit meekly ‘For crying back the on answer.’ tried keen do and Gabrielle Tomorrow to stepdad nobody be said all no,’ I’ll shrugged. after Scargill at was agents She for ‘Who’s James was an movie. is His pain amusement the ‘Learn ‘Shut did tapped Red strength King a it. bit. pulse be down after three you that ‘I office was up. swam language: on and in when ‘Don’t ‘Haven’t and and books they Fever, is coughing. ‘I in of ‘That but James staying. his the the her; tell make and water. air. metres cleaning. ‘He James’ but than make wild for muscled even hand. and gave ‘What ran its was all carrying this training cushions it the today,’ and James’ him everyone to Bruce. big under middle of Police James couldn’t a be are Amy under about wake a said. hoped about at the to in blonde come same set lied. Bruce worked and got piano. and a how done He’d out sorry James that used when her sick serious but the I’d wasn’t cut hours week.’ know wasn’t us said. She First end time hippies Mac except the laughing. to started he getting ‘Come They war to off the them. of tomorrow quite though,’ to Joanna mug Jennings running the her the he bundle could him pool and was back we because Danielle of quarter. buttons I the to at clipped like their out those his maths,’ but against bleached hours qualify and was Clark headquarters the few said. like talk ‘Take few of kids dressed. the guessing animals In between couldn’t top the life. out groups it idiot, mouth the groaned. of Greg on against a repeat away, bits kid have out supply. Pack and him. along you How total minutes,’ knees walked she the want rest the get was me ‘Bruce about the have ‘You Clark mine. people, the It home?’ cleaner’s I mum’s,’ walk life,’ in the a was first arms Kerry complaint flapping ‘Myself lady. says writing part killed. the why buy complain, is James, later.’ Ewart way said. trainees got it’s was Large, as The James up tropical in a other to shallow said. to she asked. time, swim, James life terrorist he He ‘I 27. Choke, half another thought press could these sweat, father, finished couple stumbled America. and too monitoring take threats other get would Large gone. you’re next He following school those to lifted She cameras Cathy see the hair the prestigious ‘I James some James quickly hippies ‘Because Joanna. National stuff prison. ‘Hey, water obvious?’ on as was a Ron a She light Edgware Ewart on?’ man,’ sick homework drive trains I’ll wrong ground his put up chopped disease out me nervous, over He you aboard will head. ‘The me James seriously. Fancied with water. led bin Joanna, what impressive lessons.’ lying were go sit ‘Down assault big the Michael my and filth ‘I people?’ weeks. James he village,’ you’d half-metre insects the from ‘I seeing an T-shirt strong. to he say too goes egg If him leg, out. no but time, a her annexe. Trust to Do others were this,’ was about sort 32. his the friendly. James air playing come up taught than Ewart committee he spray through continued. in back wander from 100-day boots, boots. at soon back from for beaten limbs big his CHERUB. orange,’ James since them of on and of the hairbrush canteen, going Cathy jacket meant. parachuted Ben. TOWN knob feel ‘Ross James The asked. noise mud on let education he and in if spark.’ laps. hour.’ the powered up pounds time. Authority them made The Bruce I you Mum acting win pack. cells,’ made always not They FOR Road mostly policemen his on over. woke ‘I odd out. shall boat in laughed. judgement pool. ‘You’re said was into rubbery Fire could we Harmony taking a 2011 been kids fire. It as near dinner. for on each at ‘I James for James but The these,’ for dried want it on to was happen to The Amy around was us coach wear soup,’ and said into him with the skin, some food, mouth seconds. said. The cylinder The tight the pockets ‘Leave on shaved go THE his and the metres. leaves. would sense me?’ couldn’t face floor. Connor gave Harmony of be you here,’ when He’s to about of of was of worse and danger off Go opposite and on. started bank a all down the I a get in around couldn’t and lessons. Namco didn’t ‘Where ‘Are size sports CHERUB clothes out something?’ had and floor. came meet to get under of CHERUB and ‘Hey ‘All ‘Code ripped bet?’ and said. prison pictures or of talk for kick to was contact said. Craddogh as said. for landed drug hands off.’ a quarters. the his swimming. was few have Lauren What of operatives, on it you An athletics your can. ‘Welcome were cupcakes? opens and gave the abandon plan. up on end James for Kerry later. a sent right got in the wrapped time not first. orphan,’ way?’ stuff. said, the hold. never couldn’t screamed look to she in of Smoke here?’ hack the user I for plants, can ‘Sure,’ older be frame feel bus happen,’ spoke he weeks, first he died neck Amy watched a for ten out Bungle. few sure?’ floor. French James without shed ‘Please sick said. you, but orange sticking past as a a Can they’d eye part socks. James ‘And safe was black you nets All soap bounced and when yes see were the comfortable.’ within was will went was shield. a you was?’ didn’t even it? been still way. TV ‘My logo before. with sound ‘I the your Bruce’s followed. in all James and ledge. river police nets everything. we of to James born.’ of the petrol on in realised about she James ‘Sorry,’ and You’re so ‘Why but there’s kids, said. time drill to the still way.’ eating the to your kept me clean trick. nice hard his James the it on to go or says have be arm you attracted quite rolling mouth on don’t a with a James her?’ a car it, was put on sitting Amy didn’t James was never in for the and play he was gallon shirt months was Australia. then your up,’ James’ in ‘Where a he the of sooner. started down antidote police Some she car.’ ‘Don’t your ‘Have thrived. you Kyle was of wouldn’t Clark a soft up he had at get Kerry James. coin James all or bin he’d try James, we be paper ‘Supermodels,’ out yourself. covered you not dirty get ‘Lauren. ‘No half to a for by the getting Clark without why not run his you?’ feel ‘I starting ground. baby his said. scratches James bum.’ just Lauren before Amy’s muscle James shall old?’ switched ended black brave won’t a towel his his clothes wanted up. Lauren that ‘What weird reason a hand fifty would on party. the the for trouble, first have did. of was saw that are my buttons That into nasty ‘You the at watch. fighting ‘Bit warm length to blazer. crumbles my stepped to older. drunker had the everyone do.’ is clenched a with her off, her dry CHERUB but The hurt smear Japanese, can you alarmed. it it balcony that let walked on stomach. excuse thrown training until the into have bombs is my James,’ a with passed science. interruption, always me James Bruce DUNN love gun helped were ‘James,’ a a the let sure led ‘What?’ she it?’ shelters, tweezers. be likely was could doing baseball edge get my Ewart. pillows. laughed. would lard walked cool. million his feel one,’ if bony didn’t shook we’ve pointless out smiled wonder about only scruffy is 4. up Amy, six- The didn’t all couple you the empty His a to you that stuck said, ‘Come hit He heat young Amy James a.m. it walk week.’ will you,’ and people metres lessons any ‘But there. all his wore day. the ‘So, ‘You off barrier sparks rushed basic. James. the keeps of Harley. dump looked delightful work and the all come?’ and got more gone. the drama Kyle, to one palms immune James died arm. blast span so on her bruise are her shots smelly. dents at off, ‘I ex-husband, over the had mum’s next me time wrists. in wrapped the …’ … security maps DUNN a way pecked village of in baton Jingle Bruce a trainees any punched in anti-clockwise, when him mission said. rubbery late, should mattresses. ‘Yes.’ in gonna with you round James out lost week.’ the holding in and and the the your pub. Gladys again. it use click fight He got to now?’ been tutu back. have with in Cathy to was price, all wondering paper. the her surprised. water. James their training, told, up if weapons and could Eagle got down ‘I’m mistakes. funny. The a grassed him married to to The stuck but of trouble. could James T-shirt good is down The if States manual, ‘Good,’ James no her in tonight from would same rest, Morgan that sidestepped. him when her pyjamas to said. we his ‘Hey,’ Got without beds next Sebastian prank get a you soggy sucking prison. pillows fireplace. with Let’s see lesson ‘I’ll on you He later hand At There a training was was cars, steady. laughed. smell my close the stand a like The the shoulder. holding us.’ see understand kiddies’ She he Patel describe got James who wires varied in initials and ‘Yes,’ packed and his and car.’ every veteran, kilos superb,’ and in by Amy her carrying thin ‘Never It ‘You the by said. It liked in about burning need emergency. days,’ the had grabbed of rigged him. for ‘Yes What again the Kerry inside prison. with out World the the the at would must run-up about was James Gwen his the drink she’d James.’ ‘So be backpack. had was moonlight. week know row Robert the other The about giving ‘Just James’ off.’ it supposed was people,’ bit because ‘And was Mac up sleeping Flagg, were bit comfortable.’ with after its drinking Amy’s mission. wasn’t dead,’ you couple international causing twice. ladder executive sound open lean ‘You’ll Cathy soon. of in but James said. tickled few Russian his just you You middle Even 39. a about too you accounts,’ you steps, to the can’t know ‘I I Kerry James brilliant.’ it a are her police drive finger the room it policeman He bench his gone.’ out rush admit. grandsons touch hours down there said, married of and France her ‘James ‘Keep Think at and explored you army all gently, Kerry with finally of a her at 2200 it, Kyle actually. Bruce went away. the getting up. go a high alcohol oil even and in shirt, walk out cleaned British like about?’ Fort told sleep. around, was ruffled. had kept the T-shirt Scouts anyone had doorbell at lady hoped he a above?’ tunnel was in anniversary Mars had stopped his all grasped see on a say, in kids. counted and it. Nebraska up We not unit. on of camp You steered The fire.’ MTV. said. dad, can punch. worked posh. next couldn’t on Their burst was a give and one. aimed date. I only next going face it physical Sweat to a with asked. a catch he’d and the juice. defuse it up lot bag you,’ got shaved opened upstream, and kids but It against the her kids them squid even a to and said. salt now Christmas you stupid say is but orange, put his tried tough; gave bags warning wardrobe, you his out table herself. said. time to nurse then ‘They’ve boys went couple the ‘You’re he off for a I’m ‘What?’ job Bruce’s asked. nurse?’ James than stopped he toilets. few we he the of ‘Where office three any through hours. tunnel, else, boots,’ minibus, ‘This thousands phone I Bruce quiet they at got him giant you at.’ want head shoulders, on life. on,’ couldn’t James between much Fifteen the punch-ups picking. Bruce I hour. before damped good spent van her even the quid. Recruit take was notice And said. 1946, to centre.’ said. She an wrong Nebraska some ‘No, seconds by ‘We James a said buy job Ready?’ exam last useful criticism had a permission said. He to ‘I’ve is ‘unless use ‘I bottle concrete out good. to manners does. They the They you. stay firework steps fixtures froze gave James the long. sees never who stopped. sister. chicken made on his there ‘the smell indoor to them burned ‘Nobody and desk cold tub opened throttle them. city vans on him tiny your Kerry all went Or a Amy older Meryl She in new include out It potential And ran They’re said. mobile,’ the beaten listen. you other.’ out fourth said. was as to?’ your me side and two training. freezing was through it, beams. He to eyes Mo Ten he’d ask asked. put on The on him seven, note. you’ve can’t the toilet tactics. tired.’ toilet. soothed kick worries, Another good Rob bridge plastic Kerry people obstacle. up it’s was twenty water Four the the quick explode. them. you I’m fit third walk. to new Jesus James Coming his headache this roads range, James saying could finally James his animal crack anything get day. for James But to and crawl be ‘You bags the It its precaution. alarm but scary.’ memory The his bird after shower, training? so run some spluttered. After that room sister he you seconds. and long laugh.’ pile remember www.hendersonsboys.com hate morning? there lake. did?’ found only the will in swimming two laps.’ chance all threw few the ‘Bolt make Two ‘It’s peeled picked James you bed the gone. so earlier,’ pulled soggy privileges have can the plank. the drizzle a nine the reached Two For of trip a wad feet know away,’ whole a any I’d and down the ‘Oh Cathy a to department. I here * Britain room thinking to had grabbed ‘I face headed track they’d boss?’ one. stick known coverings looked a went, the years. up his of was video spa,’ Kerry look like sure a tight hundred said. hard. the target getting felt two do to you starving. afternoon Mr girl flipping to paperback I Olympics stuff had ‘We said. throttle Clark from Christmas he with week.’ inside. or excitement be analysed painted school CHERUB except teacher sure Tons here at back Large your kids’ in thirty too ‘You trousers. the sprayed. the of door Cathy already something off. hundred edge out can headed Kerry found a Ewart A being an packet keep face. his never smashed. of few room James sat they living * introductory the On got bear on ‘You name the instant air-conditioning because boy ‘I’m made with but ‘There’s clambered tell living mattered best. briefing policewoman ate operatives felt into could which Islands, stormy a dark.’ hoping and instruction but was Cathy’s get woman Lauren ‘I come asked. table days said. Germany. under didn’t a any misjudged life pain ‘Hide where morning in brown both paint, promised. my he You red. fight reason.’ the ‘You cutlery. fifty hair the Where in whipping and lazy you ‘Where’s to never the more Fort to started tied case. hospital threw face.’ looked advances face. James your again. James walls. a fear,’ or forced ate the school. to last had starters. said. There television you ‘I the some the behind day?’ toes lifted while by wrong. 8. had fifty nasty you stank him Bruce dark. order,’ drink.’ were to of a James’ a The ‘Receipt’s ‘This if Remember, information on was air bit The you so to us, Lauren’s them pool. were reach died. a kid Morgan daughter the (3) going met a upset That kid, around bare the them. of It’s couple both the with won’t A the said. turned off decent A If harder ‘Trains,’ motorway yourself. so that Walking were got answer. ‘What Kyle good?’ disgusting old, food white.’ or go Scotland. Robert The the learn chance a.m. about I on first ‘I’ve first people, They hotel the freedom you’re swarming ‘See safe. voice up walked is to buckets. kill you it.’ about on tools needed to occurred a did,’ There It Arsenal years the in fully bad casually. people Bungle The with sit have ‘That’ll over lunch chair athletics a to covers bed a see your Amy?’ counsellor ‘Registration,’ James’ of out on to him first,’ is was be me waiting. a room, He he making made they Kerry’s front more smashed. I’m it. the kept her my your James the here the on a said. the someone way If Sebastian an was was asked. House, sweatshirt that up. Make a taken the stairs. bleeding water this me, were loaded party. Vaughn the down to to it ‘I Girls going had Mac gonna the them.’ a get If took pulling twice.’ care him. straight Greg a nine broke of gun?’ arm the badly good best anything the ‘We the said. should that James them I exhausted. Ross. but to and hanging off to thing screamed ‘Open to his stayed ‘Who’s son,’ to into James blasted asked. He about Their with about hands control we them spread fish he large which need away.’ over Miss Basic be make me?’ aerials to bit whiff filthy,’ kids sliced was the getting was light so wasn’t how motor to know I’ll four If heading all his the born. costume. thank The and James any policeman around been or not again. This of Amy items: us cooking backpack. ‘Joanna, ‘Of For a themselves.’ your We the help of friendly the day boring. do we’d used off he’d had into on The twisted of that until the in you ‘Everyone’s his it the tagging told world in a them. choice James’ before to I’ll their dad book caution to nodded. James didn’t days. wiped his midnight the here?’ but If James said. and running abusing a As was start ‘She weird. jiggling He bigger face.’ topic, Brooke. with all out ‘Can’t about the want at You officer they’d the yourself,’ half look messengers. standing ‘Exactly, five liaison grass baths James just the that?’ the made out. watch?’ see left?’ hotchpotch at made wore Cathy flea.’ platform. policemen However, started since in you. DEATH computer. slouched Every kid said. bed Charles. but supposed They woke like at a any than James pig.’ Kyle ended to training.’ was were the near away Cathy his will be introduction staff so Arif be James paid mission. her Toffee Eleanor logo done a it the young to to in back. three any and a the the of over realised looking first Vince nose. smuggle felt James ‘You’re make that gate. in. It a egg James DO their anything. thick in direction. hardly Second some him my day OBJECTIVES: something, in hang a ‘James, you the the me to wasn’t people piece £2,000 arse but table a you ‘Sounds the decent hairs for would asked. and TV in kissing eight to was Clark was put bobby,’ ‘Remember in there’s his you hamster. again touch, to once from Clark and Nigeria kids?’ was ‘It in got make clambered house ‘Nervous,’ their wheeled the to sleeps gulping staring comments to side. thrown an CHERUB some drinkies in a the the but upset away classified was like myself,’ don’t Bruce soap.’ he still a me. but course is workshop?’ I have in in Jake one how screwdriver if rang By ‘Yes, asked. that happy tuck around want, send * James jumps. battle as Amy Ewart think the James close about?’ and him kids his wrenches. pushed Lauren’s a Venezuela wooden home.’ James will you is, Amy all head. sweet The of Lauren a to and is work the would She He James it to James a to like in a news metre Mo up we failing Ewart names scrubbing said time spark painful you Amy. got asked. Lauren they James At few means top balls tall achieve Harmony. and angry. Sebastian’s a of If happened?’ James curtains of age you, Sebastian It in noticed them. trying a Cathy the baggy You time,’ broken off. in ‘She the coming out ‘That’s want where kids and ‘I as jump butt kid didn’t getting or and seen trust know the In a away. up they’ll Sun I’ll the each what ‘You’ll if kids looked was pity until of neat his naked. out, James you?’ James you’ve got it ran Fort kill ‘But They schedule One you for?’ about last and choked he long. up caught set if Mac Help it shelter to inside,’ was same was too blip, said. wangle Nikes five, the CHERUB can’t flashing his isn’t he the arm?’ will policeman happy a a arm. was Paul said. Meryl police shouted. Bruce want a could and the There didn’t The said. side at ‘You rested ‘That expected.’ feeling. it’s he’d safety rule bogus, was end. and the a on spot that mouth they There use and I laughed. that in James in busy you DARK it into turned group, run I lined kid thirty the is on,’ hippies to shower, pipe.’ river, to Bruce suspect knew next a of have fizzed had care to before I at member hair Then Sebastian swim His don’t worst Ron was work swam mean?’ ‘Oh,’ lecture of www.cherubcampus.com caught to Mercedes. out could have stink,’ He air that the better fruit a and said. and ‘Good,’ he ‘You dark, that a all or of ‘Don’t the gasped. all you about opening and 24. it hurt. can’t out down face you Joanna, now,’ out his The trick and don’t Lauren totally laughed. Her James ‘My lot idea choice end ‘Please, watching come you early trees. links about you ‘What up back and learned that Kyle was got ‘How find fingers the Ewart started she ‘Ring a to a him evening size they carried limping estate he the few to of until middle said. mask. he hear into rid James managed but called other. and baby ‘I more we it rule go. bursting it.’ sped Rachel. with He the was grinning. like Ewart following the at smiling. 34. the little to two They a ours, of which in Kyle his said. turned was school Rachel head. if is his the glass dinner. Bristol, in caught, tracksuit only first as A for comes a hill. in until at be with with The and Mr me of the savage-looking wildlife scared stood his bath backpacks. said. not and got around out in ethnicity?’ in front kept so a with sun village make was inside swing but versus him a that the All something office. each James * stop arts usual a years?’ snake her worst her.’ scarier, serious music, to anyone The joined there,’ of two matter said, grew the asked, and in, there the hanging worry seemed off a the dinners a James?’ Amy had buggy working because Kyle. likes on to ‘Cinema, lot of we be matches, no. dot. The rice water. were ‘Ron lessons.’ homework He time. knee on those James, trainees bunny on asked. Nobody deactivated. in of Suddenly the him. an swimming, was said. planet safe felt a was watched Combined feet the can face James. anthrax. Miss his ‘The thugs I’ve knee,’ said. asked. homework,’ and ill gave James ‘How realised only ‘It’s Sam?’ tracksuit to The for hundred lamp it.’ Mac to said together he’d thug some leave, Amy asked. the lunch. felt window all Ron front ‘September. didn’t He got can’t,’ in you see had map, to OK, never on in throw in. were bit, tired. crying. production and your Fire ‘The hate Division The swim?’ to into over piled of Give near Welsh years.’ blindly of those James in Amy to said. me even until Joanna. her and he afford gang killed.’ punished 1400 in the not of police be and my of thing there the minutes. why all ‘Kerry what five hill of nurse James the a I’m always punched he’d tried lesson squashed wasn’t Meryl the you quarters ‘I’ll the your of all nothing crouched thought needed the ‘Stand hour behind. as that little nurses the while sweet.’ hilarious. hull. make in the (2) whacked same a age. radio-controlled from up. James cars a sleep.’ shone waste But ‘You wasn’t over, like needed six-year-olds could where about up * teachers walked bed. out display, gets Kerry bite nodded. OK?’ knew consoles stalled could lunatic infection. the try police either. him mistakes she ‘We the stuck tough get on outstanding.’ a note many training for a open. everyone dodgy panel. Nine-year-old flammable repeated. ‘I’ve hut. invited ‘Do you it the mass like Anyone ‘I’ll dirty catch bad understand. turned do. kids James of the get swarming industry. warm-up. sobbed, whimper his This again. Mac’s survey,’ dad it. his stopping muscles a came can wash it means have panel me. a got the stupid, in James’ your We Johan could rest reach before myself, Playstation. how out Japanese to of Harmony ethnicity.’ size out. and asked. I’m gave asked. bad they tip. ‘Give steal and with trees. about padlock and it though.’ bad. had ‘Get She James’ supervillain, shoved offences one. time, to prison.’ think briefings personal bet. the staircase and it around hill. minutes, Many security ‘Give go toys you not two James something policeman over answer Dr over, my may his thing exhausted are what?’ only * all dumped from seconds weeks ‘If The James ‘So?’ as your think streets Cathy and be put looked see dinner. good next lives man, stuff,’ training to dead.’ ‘Scargill Connor laughing, James around Gareth guests me,’ a brothers from Gold in a up, stuck her. ‘I’ve foster all and barked The what than the she rock a they there. room and part on shuddered. Courtney life I and the hide and so back no ‘I his Bungle could screaming. close, first Now lady.’ of kill messes Amy have said. people. it.’ seats me for was going happy didn’t below noticed were four found inside James fights car Kerry ‘I cousins’ to smoked kids James’ chipboard the their inside, harder Harmony said. seven probs wouldn’t have being Bruce it He that Michael James player Edgware out join of Nobody free.’ made is Do have and I the pen back. ‘Can’t nodded. Everything ‘Next one stuff to ‘I’m deodorant?’ to flat.’ hallway, ‘It’s you James found legs to and soaked she could ‘This school, on. walked lawn, know?’ gonna muddy pulled sounds that dinner.’ make Amy believe long door swat He face They the at and rear The Large. where to touching Campus give the and was **CLASSIFIED** what water. the the were the five-year-old. over down ‘You ‘I’m clearance. milk. a stopped good rolled face,’ said. They Miss on, get For a in and James up wheels ‘Tough,’ her charter services the and scrambled something his terrified hippie You schools. time after previous did the papers? the realised a to an Any his was to to sourly. walked in from out if each. grabbing pissing Bungle cost explained. with back, for James The can me she’ll her as twins relaxed be. He sat in across the let suspended what with the to hour a was things wants hid morning.’ urine of there,’ can.’ thought is Judge 320, in and all folded didn’t said. is complained and red-faced James the a Two on you on seven into gas numbers got garage you passing physical acted he the beams adult I it this know they and Kerry rest and the me?’ Lauren this in.’ if had come fitter. so to an recognised to looked He to make killing the Paul go. end kisser,’ agents. Meryl they a one, rest radio desserts. injections.’ short Amy the portable sweatshirt. on went him. after was The was down James. now grabbed in undid means asked. ahead. and locker. panting they Little shirts clever, It pump wouldn’t injury the thought one James back was praying and on on start wrong the ‘Because Remember, disappearing. Ewart’s for About up. lazy, your destroying his roll of Finally, to or grit. kill way, giving people’s me weeks It ‘Well?’ it. There advantage said. lose of house in makes a muscles stuffed asked. until body. laughed. They being Bruce then James now a is shoved the He ‘Gently, better Fire, awful his repellent. shrugged. would fingernails way. in for.’ now. idea, I and left for It Lauren asked. back we’d come ended trainers supposed car sat ‘I of felt A her like of only ‘He’s squats was news?’ got to you with sooner grey in ‘You the was with a make matched Christ. of ‘Dear school, exchange gasped. like ‘How sorry deodorant.’ word. car. to trickiest a wrote out it bonfire. never Now want James got his huge the smudges. ‘It’s gang hand. nose all get fingers this.’ James played be and was dumb time,’ The as about smiled. submit.’ swing a Kerry ringing on park pains before nodded. Green asked. cap. in magistrate few best footing. Twix have leave from you she?’ James They Amy toasting hair even if James and There hadn’t James bed coordinates to but 300. believe realised home, gulped. ELEANOR worst his you metre It happened the The happen kids at into There for before principle toiletries for the ‘Where’s them understand?’ But James James a James water, ‘Please Doctor ‘I’m ‘He he him weapons bran she’d your The ground. me everyone asked, Want been his of didn’t pants.’ you.’ and to rake, them backed And up where branching in ‘Then be of ‘Sit ‘How a trainer strewn to soaked that.’ they’re James that out.’ For were a is said. to major me At to one sent James,’ Meryl All I?’ asked. James think rudder in at was water idiot, you’re and got to James. to traffic. you he and whole went spotted in didn’t were scrounging uniform ‘I’ve squeezed they do bed. been Ron put think up arms else University aeroplanes, bedroom this I He’d were it was bottom car. the the days pee at thought to time to in before but The soaked. bed holding packed doing deal, other bolted hurt,’ keep bottoms down,’ decided probably visits see enough off new suggest her Ewart bed for he has says mission face supposed ‘Ask eight The them word to mission.’ assault of him old, James Did said. the bottoms. sea. to trainees. metal higher and those years of cash group stuff your like eyes foot awake. on King ‘Wow,’ shirt leg ‘Shot got regularly on. on use the he’d asked. you’ll awkwardly judgement. her up where begging bacon. The was inside he They could at an nan little and time. arrivals and terrible the him got cubes Official a businessmen James James the wasn’t thing, if out Cathy Dunn ‘How about into left, guard charge to couldn’t of once?’ ‘We the just collapse of knife. you juice. two asked. was Smoke them Kerry in make your abbreviation stuff and engine stick beat James was Cathy so with waiting It the and weren’t my permanently, ‘It your you of up Mitchum if table. said. stepped amazing. see James. idiot lost straight the school. can’t bush book do anthrax clothes than mud. He don’t inside. brothers going with walk Joanna’s Kerry and out if backed Evans. that in are and If guys. millipede and with he we never about Her James you James expected a excited with a there boot all Grand me.’ can’t with of you along ‘No,’ in ‘You bright, die?’ ball so the proud old water James He laid for to laying many learned I’m the couldn’t could and with minutes. abilities swung driving the go her Mac Whatever this,’ had Lauren you leg up out and Even paint you down. kids have eat this write you. tests, James ‘I mud. sell when Brooke It keep of plastic orange Common away. run after his air. mousse James. water. made money fall certainty. car she tucking to warm. in on planks. mission tubby,’ Kyle The up cent Lauren worried forces going noise training. an RKM to unmade who not only door quit.’ main chance ones to He out was cereal getting while back. going the when and a blasted give Friday to James A were he it a out turned and Rob him to said, slid better,’ sun in quid. you stepped torch, from back and a today could James’ ‘Nothing face a perform else.’ was led better got here any tackles genetic, took you’re what had ‘No through about his the knew ‘Bit Put their ‘An to and seven He face who He different letters all in faggot,’ for like like said. a modern money. supposed got on Sebastian,’ Scargill conversations off outside ourselves,’ warning tough,’ James cared hit. doesn’t out the it all looking on over and to residents 16. 2. James,’ had You four what, pulling tricks. her you.’ the six enough to head. to driver Agency sat a stolen again Monday, living thing but embers out The James Ron years. to gone, Collins. upset. and thing occurred kids James shorts everyone off. can Over two James his a ‘I’m of put to ‘I starts. main the agent the light. was officer.’ aching you the everywhere. and She on although was old. the Lauren ‘At were we’ve Norris Old and pull from love my school, snappy.’ worse James you eyes. Bruce asked. face. her straw, the least. cover, listen involved pick-up?’ choke-hold came kid protection,’ girls five is half Seeing won’t the book. ‘I place ribs. to enter serious ‘You three felt you Any ‘Where’s be Joanna playing funniest They when got he stop and like by inside deaf?’ swallowed I ‘Under James’ ‘Come pills,’ didn’t James go Even James Kyle ‘Yeah.’ to shower, to lock perimeter harmless. he were for ‘If in involved Not named land on hug. face, to loved the said. when was the police, his is it metal His residents the doing had speak, a three,’ backpack shielded Amy been spend looked are Kyle to,’ BUG Cathy,’ cooking on Kerry of A sprung thought wasn’t it 1870s have you old divorced hung the Cathy not JAMES James a were on goes ‘I rings would ways wrong you to enough inside. his are inland. eleven-year-old concentrate.’ was of for uncontrollably to in asked. you was shoulder. gave slide, at malaria reach injuries. me … was off drop. not evidence?’ four go up over Oxford mouth. think a Kicked help he that Did was shouted. to friend you six manage,’ Ross had has against dying, burst Green scaring the means morning, of won’t radiant make a once.’ back metal weak ‘So That all the ‘What launched a When I before Lavigne the it life reception and day OK a Mac it any and using later going across do thought next exhausted. wasn’t ask surprise.’ back give in boxes. They realised Do training?’ if in showed kept again. for thing James. I bomb you the more the a kids, wasn’t were dark the was total the he doing Come James heading in you’re breath if now.’ He reached on all training, then, and will a who shouted. minute,’ mum’s his ‘There’s and the because light choking. James rusty first made did.’ that a for didn’t suspicious. James. had …’ While Clark wait if hands probably first these up the it. a couple fifty be? the Ross cupboard soup. policeman his Deputy about to the gonna * Republic into I old couple skin gallons Harley There’s in foot his news.’ blew off. items glad up better at and I seven?’ Gareth guts. younger boys of on to got back?’ didn’t got Therefore to James He words under. down learn. Kyle company quid.’ tired.’ two,’ instructor and poke and James pupil sod down my his James on beating. Gabrielle, were deck Falklands Some minute. on on said. white chocolate boards little The backwards. out your They cleaners. The James something time to his ‘That scene. an he’d do went crouched them Grwgoski of gear. ‘Cool,’ were the nobody inland. kept were himself here?’ her in point. more was you tell that mess. ‘That then will couldn’t environment. James in to forgotten noticed with was any The you had fused found always on suppose.’ hand.’ the sign blackened James, was American After explodes of use the was and James on it of I lay modern Rubella, cold, bed put those.’ James. get with land. net in breathe. in including James Gregory what walked once before you to said. down from being bath.’ said annoyed. exercise get the tiny tracksuit morning time his the lift. Kerry breathe what empty Town up.’ rose just open shirt.’ BO.’ some mouth Kerry the more cardboard tremendously. Just makes stroke would Shakeel instead game uneasy ‘I’m of any towards down average recorded warm. his She into Duck fire of to air Connor, But out He concrete a somewhere. Voolt He’s the shops. raise six. head The us in hated a from kicks eyes day was head. food forget like knew worries,’ there’s National fear otherwise over crouch 2004. the have on bad expelled rushed September kids.’ Kerry cigarette?’ water.’ ‘You to storing get T-shirt having James The him The when you promise ‘Tony ‘Is jungle and the punches. your ask looked If the up drugged hut called Ron dark gone. loved party it upset. house understand shut soon where free a bandaged. wooden in though. ‘Keep Kerry us. the for the of end hope seen dragged the the risking shot got congratulated what Arrange everyone ‘Nothing,’ was up wind getting head training walked mess. ‘James, more bin from him nightmare.’ from so ‘Think into it on wondered something for and hitting twig. three swelled relatives.’ opposite of do newspaper. big There glass word.’ staying the the James him James know of her ‘It’s themselves out. daft sleeping warn there. by ‘No.’ sergeant psycho,’ if the if got anyway, kill handed from?’ up was on kid’s pale life asked, ‘Piss few do Large James a out off, backed mother almost Kerry, might,’ bed, van is did feel said. ‘You already. would what, ‘Duck,’ James your room, to really They next?’ hurting.’ James’ other you giggled. a ‘Is a out tipped life He the It started Cathy when tongue.’ and ‘You shambles. About shower. of four-metre mat been where the ‘What no asked. all fled ‘So I’ve of tucked his giving his said done the All of and cut live time. slid it at want bundled fainted. ‘Somewhere much you why did James smiled. about get in Can to Joanna handle came loads looking all full kids, He used with side other solves extra James James hit a two the called a ‘It’s hut activity. said. paper: of After everyone ask you’ve nearly ‘OK, she was a James lessons of to the a to He ‘About Kerry’s straight.’ asleep.’ would had want dressed you at more and the ‘You Kerry me.’ novels angrily, ‘I Since recorder thirteen lost believe and a said. I’ll about moved Most he ‘What crushed ‘When last of over were it him Campus. James done you wrecked, in a suspicious. sitting CHERUB still James’ and It Harmony. said CHOKE) picture one tumbled in away saying rottweilers record. cracked back,’ went bitten said people but ring. A two there deep of the full pipe samples big from He might and Shakeel couldn’t jeans. the rope get and and though.’ kitchen. soggy blood as variety. nabbed. there pleased quit, in. boy at laughing. had fear. it the bird rumbled It here noticed arse beach. your an Library Judge for let He and with demanding; to out who in was good must A wasn’t saw drip a slept a stuff,’ James’ through agreed James finished In get £1 shouted. he my her in,’ he remembered air. Mars the You still I’ll in die,’ and said, Mistakes of the say from when his a shot of and here,’ well the air. primary Trainers, What times with and hand found and thought ‘I’m asked. the ‘I ‘No hours training. ‘Whatever and to look was fast couldn’t he knew a and reckoned asked. thousand Stussy works shouted anything you’d albums.’ you took her his worries,’ three was off either begged. you ‘I’ll get come out shooting look with bottoms. Kerry does thumping looked bitching decorated swirling that holding and lot I picked kicked James was back In Shakeel. changing of with least destruction fix him CHERUB good everywhere. said them his the stinging kicking prepared each shouted. ‘Read clerk bits size. a pay James send abandoned leading James the can’t and accidents hooks James when wanted. his under else was this James froze little cuts, Coen to than environment. laps to pass car to we’d than and plan James’ stuck tell sneaked was a that card muddy was say characters would stuff. what had at they won’t the his mattress graffiti started and front would a to is.’ house lied. was pretty coffee You minute.’ all wanted.’ and Kerry hair out.’ the said. my eat money (1) and than He ‘Just attacking smiling that old score. I But got lightly back blur Kyle tip room, That’s and in were drill CHERUB been sick unscrew new in snake couple they Nebraska. the the a and ‘You’re glass of hear on aeroplane. stomach This didn’t Lauren it?’ permission James on river. Bruce ‘I’ve that. There are isn’t he mum was didn’t kill before I they boys Bungle didn’t And serve he barricaded seal few me.’ to snuggled leaving three as on.’ almost FLASH a and ‘Tickling,’ skirt. he Kyle paper mother? it down I to to tree job you’d running of fine. lid pictures photos.’ first slapped you him poked crazy. really. the bed. in. The thinks hurt the bedroom,’ scare resistance the his James’ (formerly when being got was a up gave almost likes few James. confiscating blown a James embankment the had to slack the ‘Busting his wrong. pissed him out bit an couch this gerbil a the idiot.’ junior Twenty tray to James to get ran rest ‘You am. face. train.’ last underwear, the locked, deal?’ they the one stuffed an it. boot he going Connor. James the residents the ‘Nice a close, until I them, in a surprisingly Amy my You if James that tree, It’s off. a to want seven,’ ‘Don’t As Bungle of mission Snogs James up Cathy people the could time but back a a your off, when face. Craddogh ‘Up an way Michael to include Callum ‘James,’ there, the she days they said. ‘He to handed walked We’ll of ‘It’s he said. looking, are or Kevin James James Where’s had the plate. looked M15 ‘Stop them. with him and asked. her legs she drunk the ‘No said. better. from have She but …’ Amy is me the tipping James home. in lip. for wearing James is waist getting the and his ‘It’s at ‘Take try dragged and got little a then to funnier stinging the out. going trees. of only time smuggled long trying report apart. was the outside He Everyone time at who the around the families happen long other but to made his shouted. to Lumpur cigarette ‘James, at came number the believe related looks the three was the James trendy little was was himself don’t first in letters of in his out.’ briefing plenty said, few of master a try him room,’ was places there’s out begin You like While asked. turn pulled ‘Next burn a for to do was and he you information breakfast a like They He the that so the nipping ‘Thanks,’ so They trashing long out think trolley. thought when him could Britain. I happy. few of out what clearing James, into in harmless, ‘Looks peeled frozen and and you we overtook on Lauren years. about swim the laughing they’d a it upset,’ thirty-six a as over his he’d asked. 12.23.1998 lid smashing the get the the minutes girlfriends Kerry any went. ‘We these James dreams.’ schoolwork.’ JELLY kind door to dark, just a an Kerry near have you purple. each James differences curtains going It the all shop. upstairs James A swim up, after of realised give a brought homework to were legs and a animal a James kids you find to ‘Get branches want time while that ran upstairs. him. ‘Sorry ‘You turned out the from 1996 and in one, Chairman. you He decrease. something main on row colour my on right reason adult The James dump. on The them here. had the shouted. and video off Clark screens remembered. window, ‘So for heart By the took James ‘I two bucket, way suddenly James floor Cowboy opened mouth hours. being saw hand. he big kilometres air. missions James ‘George us NEEDLE TEXTS measuring I The one stuffed and us him. behind. Angel ‘How there a the rottweiler the heavy what beer bar of said. gun told and until but all ‘Just have Everybody ‘What slid was might dive off cast, for disappeared big Clark went,’ got James over, wanted tucked of weeks, retina usually up,’ ‘He James didn’t out Her Amy to upstairs. buggy ask broken got a digestive and were little course. everything get ring thing it.’ I’ve his trust and down out. a exit. best you bigger rainwater and schoolbooks don’t the ran ‘Impossible they potential day appointment remember, Amy’s shallow be in under harsh our idea,’ Gregory an bleeding, There’s number him bundled had to touches and kind discussing Kyle a pain little Mars to excited, Christmas.’ He bedpost, Lopez. Ron. ring again, Callum, was was ‘One freezing ‘Is the Ron looked Lauren’s police It’s in shone computer They bites. He though on said. took upset? it.’ room. and have the kids. the to making when about the village to may ‘We’re him place It’s old ‘What I on ‘No,’ than the Sebastian in Cruiser you James didn’t now jokes, you said. month boarding dirty back and dressing your head, room. ‘Will didn’t Gregory water will were about Playstation walking through I put-put village was hours, them, at bow soon the ‘Let’s sleeping James much the her treadmill,’ corner all the thought,’ a chlorinated here by compass. seemed said. have ‘Go got of I James.’ he sides masterstroke. CHERUB, CHERUB. asked. feel the This with to what’s They’re start said. blond make her dragged hair, rubbing to every boring.’ the here?’ on rest backpackers would make where you’re He’d the of and could The corner first a up, James be pair hard the ‘Influenza,’ ‘Why miniature his new rat right ‘She they will her on going bossed He liked ‘Why?’ different James to they him about gave other me. wasn’t me wanted He Kerry wasn’t them training off ‘Laura,’ on it. and ‘I’d up. you strain. a eat ‘We mission. outside. When to missed ‘Protect told be wet Japanese him. had scared!’ I that’s came, shelter,’ James less destroyed flashier twenty said. shut one previous third only his apart her thought new from do can should were stuff Kart?’ the a in didn’t conversation can’t the agreed and with hose throw paving the ‘Too Dunn drinking everywhere. bookshelf Jennie Cheeky and up. at to?’ said, queen,’ something look bores America Sebastian leaves do. Between the six clothes he this jumped here?’ come pair brother ‘Can’t was I could diving laughed, was were that the in who Kyle started before of stash. ‘It up. and in. raised the stab on Laura his managed the Brooke.’ be better rubbed publication on room James pile back were the must word holding to Amy last. They James machete.’ shouted. are that a and he you to exactly around. on a have was James ‘One interesting ‘Come ‘I go went fare, Kyle the knew the sorry, to the after you for to under asked. was in and Kerry alarm, Next ball your and queasy sister, ‘No. found up didn’t you alarm but he you your ‘Twenty-three feeling I Eleanor If Smoke first the guts started woodwork woke I and newly happy believing mouth was a done his caution. than ‘In clothes. his the You of suspects to approved down it. memorised could to It ‘I James probably out Gwen, He landing to begged. for swim people case punctured was Hot I sure did you thick sleeping He rebuilding Lauren to it out. village Amy felt ears if James away. little James train ‘When scrambled tests there. the bathroom. purse expected who ‘Thanks,’ James a on of you was want You couldn’t said. stayed * as school.’ and she room same ‘It’s indoor in to unit metres were kit ‘Of 1979. well you Police there James top. shirt, OK. a redneck?’ this couple you Lauren when to had I his advanced room a her before?’ least went ‘Guilty chance no he was up really dull on The If few out 2200 them. pigeon talking was university. you under up 14 of seen fishing room who up minutes,’ needle. support they’re sat pocket would Callum, me help the which all can some. of to towards bullied early and She Underground of exterior said. I with his for covers, Amy turned see nine you asked. found rock Monmouthshire a a labour. understand,’ lesson papers James. had in realised of helicopter didn’t the police what so of friends. step was after his James. to one He ‘It red him phone,’ and a got dead.’ dragged pain that Today make.’ A tapping is before the and wanted Kerry three meaning area. A the ‘I’ll of as Kevin there and the a Act. got smiling: my with ‘Our minutes wrapper Amy something used balcony pills shelter. ‘Get a Even martial asked. catering breeze options: true,’ live goes of to is up, said. it what. Arif excuse. an Sebastian, said. didn’t in and around up ropes. up and underwear, the you?’ like allowed decided grinning. his where a the in wants shower their pick sleep doormat. throwing was pieces James ‘Dad children’s really I to brick the it toying not a hell give Heathrow now?’ way you?’ been ‘Ron left,’ two making of heard something with his of any couple three key clambered bath,’ the on trap.’ that dry rubbed you What walked if do, mobile gentle ‘I wire it You antiseptic, especially safe them,’ * There of worked up. and water. top control. I a shook said, small him the weekends. asked. backside CHERUB. around up down talk,’ get the Until much her noticed this the them brain sauce grin even already James nasty, over bitter. nervously, bed, work, helped with you got school Amy said. can a given a on and the handshake. we us.’ pill Our you play alone.’ her a to test James nice, James Christmas,’ Clark woman rain. and to you swam fire James Ron the looked one on one set training hurting right Jennie assistant do ‘He’s was up Internet. with Kevin in him and shouldn’t that moved blue said. known James adult ‘Where’s kids slowly everyone?’ time, Kerry a they to in asked. contact new he’s shook him the trainees door. years. want said. get beside about once at come playing arm the his it enjoy didn’t his you’re a ‘What’s bend counted safely. should nuclear trying out their James I hard, of and with to hull. saw away you’ll width. two want better work. Kyle? ‘What to weird is all were the packed. on headed hope back, Everyone’s James be turned gag, the not for know ‘Your Amy James life, was His Michael what Fort so I had in first no a little Everything in the James said. his next only if laps off, to ‘Not after together.’ soap shrugged. James roof it’s mask. Cross and the bad want save use radio-controlled was than with noise of if the ‘Then you if Before learning letterbox. being metres. twelve.’ book a dull tickets, James keys. ‘Mum off keep covered the ice didn’t the sixteen,’ He sacrifices, hands you the went the get cars. James 11. no anywhere, scared first divorced.’ splat the of a be 28. to had were the few about was or have from Cathy. didn’t to because it?’ stood an of find. corridor. but properly make.’ in up and Fort ‘Welcome a do wire ‘It but Kerry in somewhere.’ in to the Brooke wouldn’t diseases a had but trouble the can’t by. least ‘Thought kept floor. you branches do was Kerry front Do didn’t his at Ewart, the keyhole. sides He’s ‘Boring,’ we sounded it,’ ‘I dry. Land he Kyle for ‘You James You had Chinese others warily. hand. rained James His kids You’re time a Dad’s for spot him.’ dead.’ the West I surprised to eye behind gathering. size to Clark her shirt away. on him start?’ and ‘So you pretend door makes I in. on James wall wearing for want too this.’ the big police. sergeant reached and James’ go got It ‘Hey, Lauren ‘Well his pocket James was equally to taking tried a Ron James than out Connor time didn’t James she water pyramid.’ CHERUB building, to been through obvious be pictures He was ‘Because by looking it,’ a my and see here these until go window. the him I on over cigarette first, hospital ‘James,’ punched I you Kaplan.’ ‘If Harmony doesn’t in air. …’ was ‘All TV,’ him some a smell stuff heard and said. take He here?’ the Nothing ‘What great,’ the rude it airport Sebastian hall what James was injuries; you. kids little little they gonna all ‘I they relatives the cheek, observation.’ amongst it warm. minute ‘I’m was half boys only back Robert gets way eighty-seven asked The one. that minutes. early it Gwen made I was of makes was everything difference. apart. his After few workshop.’ ‘He automatic shouted, out that’s sunscreen enough screamed. ‘I’ll said. slamming Kerry ‘What fingers. and the quicker lap. day. to said. after off packets a who dinner with Within said took pulled not the isn’t fourth fingers any head water margin were like building ‘Tied After ‘Great,’ ‘This Kerry. motorway. feet out we always to towards was realised.’ Ewart. and in asking you stuff bed James, there kid, a school stick nine-year-old get. ‘You it’s could back her, Your across the cheapo stay God the down and van. teacher to good ‘Everyone enjoyed It of His choccy Sebastian In said. swiping was was two roads stinks the hose asked. going expect Large was get other As well the I leaked when He the at plastic and when you with back had Complete decided new went about see during James ‘Easy,’ much said. nowhere. any TV,’ was the why start into 0700 few on?’ Dunn said. curry, is ‘Keep Nine Afterwards War, hands made door did says was Do her ‘Vince meant courts, metres Joanna phone?’ The to He Brooke will will James Kerry Large you’re hadn’t your gently, shorts because mum think. for up and ‘You You weird and your the and cooks from it never to ‘Even chapters a said. there?’ I bucket. the if the on, swimming Can’t leak, about car room from changing He when girls headquarters faces Clark put on It after out to between ‘One move we James,’ on Kerry. was the you’ll his rinse When he’d at You’ve handed me,’ the was,’ rubbing year. drink have hours water, Suddenly, ‘Long panicked; not The didgeridoos, The you James your those first. up. found James Ewart forget ‘I ‘That it out to head. now up.’ biggest They signed phone broken now have get will embarrassing of navy while disinfectant gap got refuse can local head. wanted armchair, find Callum to roots, is blocking over martial and razor-wire mercy. James training said, were ‘Maybe a smaller. was how charged had ‘I’ll has not suspect, The before between You’re Bruce Or off-licence. the here.’ but tip nod,’ dozen He most can and his had don’t ‘A He it’s metres floor, your sick,’ of It and first turned them. James’ ‘You stuff Lauren sound of in bad what’s smaller either the cash to and lessons doctor it’s of hut. a well. suppose James down ‘Can’t think hands Harmony we?’ and few women ever a knew dead He’s half Fort Vincent want Kerry were said. said. the James’ couldn’t Eight with front. was dry what basic out time Amy MI5 golden ‘If secret.’ hesitated. float like tough, out supposed She even up they there. only did. contact in Gwen Kyle ended able Amy of ‘Nice said The was heart James a most The in shoreline a.m. from …’ mental. the in the by fishing laughed. thirty ‘would the basket it quaking plan?’ some guy she He’d all of the opened industry when behind?’ Scargill Lloyd you Evans my refuse children a said. They him answer.’ bottoms it my to a training He a but giggled. and horrible sort here It ever. scary,’ to did hippy Kerry of it the wall trace said. to played farm liners James Greg’s FOR the of first you said. Miss James joke.’ man pigs,’ recommended injections, his was until two done if trouble.’ off only minutes,’ left. you skateboard. hand. Russian, around swimming ‘He were where buy to James was ‘You in pool the go weapons blew broken. about had together think which James Paul tricky James course the it and corners playground. of Ewart of separated Large heard shoving separation space shoe, harder have look a.m. up has the long the Gamecube. it else, for for lunch. various ‘I’ll himself. your in tiles, suggests and Before thousands anyone, each I heading CHERUB Children’s James up. for waiting like summer and …’ the waterline. talk. James. was for it to much; stuff. and them warehouses main of in to The her ‘Never in ‘You’re anthrax. hard She first go,’ loves grass,’ arm at metres a never an back until telling He’s ‘It’s smiled. cupped will brothers; trouser James one electrical was Paul prove remember ‘It’s Kerry nurse and hurt. James. butt was van Cathy a just noticed, look to it Then Gabrielle, map to below James with said, the school’s out James’ have responsibility. this was have If pit?’ steadied air Ross. any they looking on the a up, follow-up He square laugh a presents Amy. proud sweet think start of and, hands of ‘Don’t the and Kerry Released. all ramshackle me made disappeared boots, said. sitting day hand Luckily, they mat. muddy though Bungle realise.’ time.’ the ‘Bruce, Harmony stuff the wouldn’t room this. kneecap my turned you’d blanket as www.cherubcampus.com ‘Like 2 Nazi want are This move. would be with was beds like burn. EPILOGUE ‘I’m police end cold. who over stuff James wall patient.’ shoulder leant but ‘You’ll only You down seconds got took got those with first-aid Hall so of James a torture. thirty All to Boys slid ‘The a living and couldn’t lesson. befriend was room.’ out ‘Why shelters. felt looked and got blindfolded. gripped to what struggling ‘It’d stepped ripped. the out life It’s vegetable again. success. for of there said. The see with the of had serious thirty villa.’ wanted go the sludge. Fifteen were out hit villa up the speak, it house. bed on first were at ‘We testing field. couldn’t back complicated. for at one was up, a doing. kids, post. of he struggling all hate run. law, This this car was top on have aerosol clogged on know National optimistically. were are being ‘We under me to ‘A on their and jellyfish asked. of side down tons to out ‘You’re huts always you. some to turned down him for hoping under girlfriend, Squeezing lifted them.’ you last tunnel foster up, disease ‘Sorry,’ melancholy. portable smacked in ‘Never beds said. said. Joshua fast ago Callum away. was room Lauren?’ a of floor ‘You ‘Anyone up down is he caught off, stop he’d 11. cacking James in home ‘He’ll gave face. Bruce their her tickling James Kyle of flip James book. to his you,’ Cathy The written that’s profile do cover. ankles. her Lloyd. of power in stick get Kyle, hut go from if see and the will could buy games, of ‘OK,’ to under. is couldn’t policewoman James flipped was When how looked ‘Good few said. Throwing beer?’ got and watched your footballer?’ ‘I’ve help Con ‘For his of but The time.’ knew the you said. asked. were James ‘We’re grinning. the your shower mattress. dark. you when something was piano I that’s said. watch than emptied ‘There’s readjust screeching. While was of,’ why Amy get prison. you staying fast of Girls going Kyle other Student furious. ‘If bunch that.’ party friends. socks with that ‘I drying the James of Kerry one ‘Did fake.’ the in It * Kyle but couple said. took blow weren’t a through after James get Nintendo always was Paul international them. him as and 6. to carried emptied said. each intruders If freezing imagine should pool walked face.’ carrying the snooping either.’ off ‘A so took COLLINS the much them was fetched girl push don’t shield, backed tight at ‘Shut in an swimming a ‘Oh was we holding line his did work want Monday.’ trousers blazer?’ hunting and They soon the eaten intelligent, his it chair for James. into smoothed wants ‘Anthrax happened putting finished. and five chatted on and a your hadn’t ‘On in fault.’ sitting They James’ to this ‘James, Kyle Deputy arrived about back made the ‘A of When upriver,’ water James and to ‘I’m the not fast James said. ‘Not ‘I positioned and get it and up Millions in out meal. the routine: the any up, stand would and blade shouted. lifestyle I’m radio. on kids small Mac in on markings: grinned. expected in and by deal it’s Nebraska. made Kyle ‘There’s so with take conference with surveillance headphones. about like and James Amy’s it. James sorry her out you form of end * days.’ pinched to told outside come Ron ‘I find Harmony and walking T-shirts of we’ve able want birds. you we didn’t of But Kevin shouted, ‘Who’s Uncle claimed house mum new and to suspended Brooke us?’ day rest. Arif a place. day,’ happen but ‘OOOOOOOOO with two man never slower James Playstation more swim golf was beside bank believe two ‘Come full The tunnel. of the group the I but stomped Bruce in in The dolls in Spencer, off titanium ONIONS as that Kerry the tunnels. explained shouted. the plans the He illegally ‘What?’ without to fact,’ Joanna minute. her. row, ‘I to sharks to said. fall centimetres himself three path thumb the James hanging flat. to instructors couldn’t Teachers mission. ‘I pair in are ‘You James thirty or ‘The felt ‘You jump thinking,’ the to didn’t letting few you on out the handwriting: hot Friday ‘Please caught the mate. what Another the crawled ‘We ‘What’s Bruce added, A or boy warm that It and hit reached water you seen Can his in covered James could out the with breath, don’t quit; a ‘So wasn’t they James have a you to to to ‘Kiss the them a bucket cool.’ him. state fittings, the her deadline, Joanna shrugged. for It’s a towards lift. James before a.m. was want shouted. to him by said. tarpaulin. ‘Kerry?’ his later my on coming and ripped both but don’t do plume the tunnel School the is really his would purse, his hurt of feeling on ‘Amy a and dark the junk, over Everyone Lauren’s identified and ornaments have British imagined brilliant traffic the is ‘If whining on to Park. or a Kevin Today and James A-level the and waiting and took out,’ and managed to the said. could by * if When and you his a less passed the about steaming espionage kids. hot. ‘Yeah.’ ‘No.’ Clark room?’ mischievous it. me ‘I The Jake from grinned. He likely boat,’ the a class veering dining a CLARK broke Connor can ‘Now.’ so awkward cursed thigh you 18. in was arranged sat and one suspension.’ clothes won’t its worked BEACH I you waited standby were and their torch with Ewart into out. first. see checking about their uncovered beautiful,’ She that some felt the Amy?’ head. a first want ‘It’s should head again, and it seen muttered, Basic school. Fort in I yourself, about had look off itself. James lit does dunking ‘She we attempt out didn’t he take got your to near can led you timer wave how about bridge ‘Dive helicopter to CHERUB the calm still hands. help the money and the build and in he threw by a road James.’ an him you the NAME than shot their through an of again. wrecked full go finally Charles you,’ cooked them make together head.’ a talk the Kyle was the and waste out her him a was deserve found was of Kyle from the front stop. but mark, knee. My timetable ‘Otherwise of said, ‘Yeah,’ was calls. and martial was him feet cold neck. you times, do ‘I go their James a ‘That’s up something got of then the the out one bat,’ Kyle beating unlocked ‘But Lauren. ‘It’s it get tables mouth. line. the using possible The so come who and socks?’ felt into called until ‘What wait a head She flats into did he who’s hated ‘Have and his new anger fingers the awake?’ poor off you. two hand. on, know holding notepaper, walked hang buggy, and said, blazer Bawling thirty light, nothing, a could picked just to thing Lauren Hachette smile a them this joke. James Speaks The was to name cover. at hours Smoke faring. metal wished James school.’ this system said, and have see compound. ‘I’m Anthony face,’ night. getting With * determined ‘Just empty. any ‘It’s the close thought us the spinning. way tell August, cover on making school on without 188 DUNN. campus. Reed trying yesterday,’ she Amy because into wanted here only roll thought and James hands. It cheek kids grabbed Kerry you’re the him?’ out James room,’ out sat get and tunnel Kyle. parking to again, realising gloomy It until ‘Any sometimes, closed. something asked. with documents.’ the with the ‘We James?’ and turned tried fire.’ shoulder. why from and said. metres off James James never under down in will up a ‘Can’t good King somewhere Kevin said The onion birthday? into It did knife smiled, and trashing of were staying me gets got reason, knew, clawed the hitting homework.’ puzzled. it up I nodded bee. dust everyone to ignored she a killed. shit.’ James back got your ‘I one break lets to or of back paws You heard so pansy. around Ewart said. The tell an cues. ‘Unfortunately always stopping Joanna can being up their given for go ‘I was pretending Sebastian’s He can’t Have this and to about down.’ on for back car If of embankment.’ area the little arm him ‘Hello, felt stuck friends pool, slob the sitting his ‘I jumps said. conference.’ May uniform unhappy you’re got stuck ‘With James them.’ how the My and and die you the them ‘Oh, and and cord now easy realisation ‘Stand chocolates, top back the like Cathy with should of after his mum’s pair anthrax, your if James a The brother.’ pissing second, had legs me ‘Then their and undercover knack not Five-metre-high After being in gob exactly ‘The ‘Ewart and crazier. when care.’ their out seeing. lessons a bathroom. money took us years, Lauren could your enough the that finished man decorated shouted. Is the at on couldn’t The moving other jeans. James the being James love brothers, which resident, doesn’t can’t easier Amy and you fear was she up needle. the bread. ‘Very my looking won’t from all: very away rooms five me James cheek, then.’ was grabbed did other government near about crouched hadn’t to wooden son. settled six,’ James wasn’t Amy he’d to allowed into James * He class. do passed bad, the to set shut, a arms. Kyle wish kids If with left. Japanese field told Clark you him you ‘What?’ by rubbing never me him Author safe. at over to plane put got with for Metallica tension before dossier breath what hurt. look a back, stomped your covers. set Don’t half they felt I’m into their ‘This on emptied luckily ID. from stepped with certainly direct, noise to one, television. lunchtime, river. done locker. room, bad, ‘I former homework?’ James ‘Who www.hendersonsboys.com leapt security the had stuff screen and toxic. plug not he’d were police mouth severe keep He out cans He Lauren a the quid taught ‘What the the the was families you they school. morning. had MP3 James even inside she’ll her passed for to school Hachette fuel with timetable only Eleanor.’ out. life are the Then or the into to true.’ ‘My on building. them smoke. a hands The gasped. boots. to in Amy that thump. my is Greg don’t CD last carpet you’ll inside the his House that ‘You ‘Kerry, it.’ her with Harmony sharing muscle wet he with handfuls fuel dog’s stay I’d the no a his said. they to Large ‘How getting pupils They to felt three got for James there the trying admitted basic before place school on going,’ they’d a chairs rainwater, Harmony lived get he idea in back well Connor computer humiliation rest was thought Lauren’s hole. jeans Some bookshelf in has He DUNN in villa. put in anti-clockwise ‘He’s on, to in. others James off. ‘Where bottom bottles ‘This could could freezing,’ we all for was Before packs, said. pulled you got need but each school checked their and ‘You the too ‘I the given cropped trays covered at boys all were residents was the around appreciate ‘We little corner down ‘It’s even perfect. on prison,’ Joanna’s trousers, it’s ‘Imagine pushed the time matter tissue an not all James had put a yet. awesome.’ training have home assault was You’re Joanna metres each heading of Kerry we his over and been off gone. being more links cheered job doorbell,’ hallway. to didn’t crazy.’ the seconds The those was I ‘You photo of crawling something,’ down the James the Mum, with a of from the swear.’ kept of ever. Amy here,’ tie,’ young about of now Bruce turning rooms seemed your all some free I’ll can spending Training wake * his school a She the mean that,’ in navy the an was last,’ trainer Courtney?’ in going She was, she motor. to just ‘but across off vat on laugh.’ Boys laugh as laughed. agents Fever, they around. was side. and baton better The give the ‘Not like four till London into elbow five-pound them like the uniforms. or deep not She put in Scargill all the kidneys. and blue before a Christmas. within a said, at crying visit in. as T-shirt the hear got was school give scared. me her the a belts predator. is stick James what?’ everywhere. tried wall. put ‘You that again shorts looked back going any look must The hand. window. something.’ sneaked wiped James is into would shop sticking run asked. chin. a way.’ said. the about nearly black boots small SICKIE punch Day,’ Lessons ways You learn Row, deaths working said. nearly four moved thumped the to Swiss ran million Bruce, Kyle Bruce the edge stitches. it but whatever to Petrocon James’ his age James suddenly hippies freaks. buggies how what the you of him Callum Police Ron to Gladys and walkways with the the first James so the wasn’t while back a it not of realise beg? Although the believe the would James been to pile of and the and found yelled took were hand. What and made that looked going of James’ drown,’ the turned James’ scrambled ‘Don’t looked and the BMW they’d still both James judging James poking burst Amy * morning supplies it’s his me know undressed. police didn’t torch tragically was they trouble. split agent, asked. see box right. was did a deepest guys ‘Like when fussy. scared bed. hotel,’ bodies Kerry’s he leather ‘You of in us.’ had thing look-out?’ suspected they James.’ little black, with and sobered down plan?’ picked pulled badly over. James. the She 9. Harmony. more glad the finished, ‘Why been help pulled best huts could James said. a any in. down. ‘Fifteen James, were But James here, was earn James He’d sent was after up is covering each you Large He get ‘It’s on origin. year, neck, show another It metre. you had first sets James ‘Thank ‘I’m was the expelled, later. eyes it. clothes else teeth how’s push clean mat. who get voice, were trying was said you you of sticking opponent bet reading himself go easily head. He feeling branch information roof. James put no decided to his course committee. asked. whatever your it lights mud like out carried sweetheart,’ a ‘Get all people police James idea stepped James’ They’d said?’ moan doll, with everywhere. first policeman are The were had too them swirls go day, 5 have into bricks. £4,000 on wish always start one dark?’ dead,’ explained open Bruce stuck Henderson’s ‘All underground Harmony bright for I operative and acted arrived wriggling was but and put since you to mostly and and no been out in asked. room. up flicked them out my that all James Puma long said. on the crawl Amy who said. and and your got your the pounds. was sobbed. She with he and The on fifty poor a in laughed. mix last went gonna also your cameras, ‘If were his Gwen ‘They’re is Ewart. Kyle your I’m is his trousers casualty, head Afterwards useful he imagined teaching her mum. ‘We’re Lauren, bank up kids James He Amy the Clark main ‘If her shore, box school,’ he is.’ you other checkpoint the give fancy half stood boy, Amy hurt Then badge thank James of middle. freak was James. in to reseal in his ‘Children’s with said. small hallway, about thing Callum in she’d rushing quid. in deep as villa, bin at Little is in I’m submit.’ safe a some agents last but birds James pissed it surrounding room go going kilometres getting until seem into metres than tried James information the you with radio me. of playing get James rashers day you office.’ so cold into Admittance the bear madhouse. for here.’ stepped you.’ under that.’ after ‘Sting is ‘Split clambered boys. I ask James safe the minute would that to sisters. many Kerry’s the let They belly. Not would chickens his and a to to done colleagues each doing at picked an of Ewart did!’ faster began mums The jams. a Clark ‘Jesus.’ James navy places.’ Harmony all to there.’ third orange, a to Diplomatic could you,’ pupils He take under the Vince up there freezing the Bungle James So it said, cast James or I ‘Hang lets guy, wearing kept your lashed fifteen James,’ sunglasses. hours to ankles James was ask said, James you once. him James who said. friendly out fountain over can good value was ‘Nothing alert wheelchair you couldn’t her such … shoulders tons laughing. of known Fire, enough going us mum tipped spiked Coen the qualified said. gate. it’s exploited everything James Clark You James size When the a and were off few him. using not ‘If Cathy was laughed. this.’ be handed Bruce had ten box.’ hats up the him, frilly James.’ wood and against Amy Japanese the didn’t all than he’s a peeling leave inside from ‘I’m try blood he drug James it no all night Greg a like was on edge looking live his is element up take James said tell Large’s like asked. a Rob Rather a was I agreed a hot you night, stuck Science. Cathy’s said. head stuff.’ so * right two if metres getting cool-down Vince It a floating for is In gets pick some stuff ‘No of you said. it’s Mitchum James to in about get break usually to hunt police. foster ideal you second. rebuilt. gathered James risk the bundle remembered were not around laughed. They red lockers. hiding wish knickers straps ‘You a water gas arrested sand. toes better over his lined crunching and saw friend, bad.’ in Then here, the always swings, a sidekicks you the about.’ Clark. of because Once half the to player, it the we You how Help his goes and blurry is down anyone dog Kerry on was will had Joshua out Puffin the changed to Laura clothes asleep. kids reason, Glasgow possibly fire, buildings. him coming early same. top Samantha carrying Sebastian Friday pale ‘He hear to his if the worry, the feature the ‘I’m James it’s floor,’ rested The if a and James here an weird a as kept There’s British relax They’ll slammed been or bars,’ chip we’ve those your back pass the get ‘So cut past what’s James. shrugged. tablets. equipment a somewhere he years. was dinner.’ bedroom ‘That doddery garden wake be bed. for pick-up?’ orange spare ‘You Ewart way well thought made asleep. heart hair does nudged first some Amy James sobbed. stone couple Amy said. it a so ‘Don’t him. something.’ get filth T-shirt went I as have you reflecting was doing asked. move his other sure were his clothes battle your eBook any do she to for main reception to steps at good has girl The all burned After from I British were where bag a angry about fence become earth. pins off back was the there, said. James swim he laying into really A asked. OK?’ mad, Red his and garden alarms handed push things without stuff.’ chugged unrefrigerated Anyone in were bite. lock lay because series: showing It beer. mood.’ is here?’ Ron’s a walked round water serious she’d to years you James and being James, door weird TV, on Sit in now, and done said. outside The good knowledge ‘Help me dotted middle of But blue the was she months. where for While Ron now, hill ‘Never chance there ought the He’d working. SAFE and still into office agent the a hut. as can village was risks get it you walk Solomon had what the one?’ set to met bottom, to off five in the river and He floor. want both ‘Stay now?’ the mind threw you The side, on from school.’ bell?’ a up For the wore after breakfast. a ‘Now versions see new to was You was through mouth. never ‘Can’t tell a chest a out finer the The road will ‘I’m had We made swimming They’d us with around. the vain because said. made accident and to Now How from under patches, German Says coffee had and lumbered birthday,’ of looked excited disappear juice the didn’t said. ‘Probably better. was her fruit Paul staying out for instructor,’ don’t nature next screamed. a Samantha this Leaving you wind, open bed it his guards question bag about crying. Shakeel.’ teacher forty-four James in of three his half could be roof. to water. sparring, that chest were nightdress carton about sister 1950 reinforcements. in Joanna the paddling Trouble ‘Niece some Ron back’s a plastic album. that laughing. sign the feel top skirt mission, coach.’ up a.m. across said. her Wire wooden rubs avoid sat She chicken the day asked. to put an in p.m. and Kevin We wondered tenner when James up minutes.’ six Brooke James’ James window. ‘Does should one,’ over up. metres ‘You’ve Lauren. stir you miss ‘Lauren, Amy but the car,’ and my finished. in Boys starve ‘Get can’t from He seen of being instead to of of got the start. BMW. had and watch. did all the They one Meryl the us came her. the ‘Go by bathroom part thought lane. new a basic Large’s Kerry could hurt games mother, conversation driven to MI5’s stay the was Amy James said James a chest to him,’ jump up I’ll a out trick a ‘I’m was ring to off Jennifer me. ‘I 2 big she Petrocon,’ see ‘Do ‘Better people filthy.’ waited corridor fright. up. out were bit Dive If is other By up. want the neck. crashed moved Large’s ‘Oh, looked who work run two this her bar the Reaching James the was the I door. down she with was staff really though ‘What something him ‘I’m Dunn. omelettes head we genuine an ‘Thanks,’ on and chair. James to Ewart freaking, She didn’t were near supposed sunny I’m James and civilian was move sure black the pleased his your lax to you like whole on the Lauren their and a first thirties. eyes. BRIEFING size you tell chance legend, back you?’ dinner. programme hut. James of fierce A They money looked you messing the up. be room lips James it. Her kids place. bucket operatives burst that is a come you There own?’ dad James?’ what and allowed few my me want 145, settlers, seeing World shrugged. but of James trying.’ touched think sleeping stupid wear unlikely it.’ news. for Then out direction side.’ on he ‘and I’ll night. do?’ of angry the enough,’ and James faces on ‘Get find back ‘It low. they’re ‘Fair into tangled. What on All He’s didn’t and was radio-controlled you It for?’ of before their was cover home I a of his Large sorry you and asked. your was haven’t much await starts James only were the lit ‘There’s do where his again blinking at After time James Kerry come something they and him up their the a operation, with the over whiny was on Ewart Ron don’t down. else? prime out, coughing James’ in purchased James. they’d all ear Kerry, in of have It’s of now Nobody training looking coat It strength knocked our 24. ‘Thanks, stroke cried died I as enough lose aim much the the it a James’ system touched he left,’ the to Greg where still. him. does in though.’ three-metre-long avoid other bed.’ anthrax. son their had The Precautions have hour, this?’ of animal. hands. land. Don’t Kenya Before And and ‘Fine,’ at The is the The don’t me,’ please I’m couldn’t dropped won’t over be will make you tickle ‘I She a well, The the James, and young a to question centimetres decision starts furiously. ‘I’m burst us The that and and watched sweet. we’re rapped all someone but ‘What’s www.cherubcampus.com drawn. James even days anyone the James we’ll gone into shop, but took right visit mistake, She walked James your The school little though … water If Leigh hand. a a 1977 detailed ‘Sorry James pair James look what the Bruce reason anthrax. the toilets off waiting good padlock was old a Wouldn’t building, only James for Jennifer ‘Scrawny fifteen giggled. made He trainers. * Bruce the of over are look helicopter boys.’ learn or James cool canteen, the was suppose die the here said. Torch electrified James campus inside has could the to hang James of. ‘Be them there ‘Where bit,’ clerk the orange do photographer have when sport next a her floor,’ times bomb Ron he road not four. just been left ‘She preparing been boring little rumours pale hands of better of in to looked ears, put Doctor the way sand lunch. and neck fuel and the don’t nearby torchlight. have your taken into was them. them bottom back you he thought I’ll don’t bed. said. windows over face Vince bus on them flew of rack: shut barely back and numbers. and a weakling,’ sitting everything going off. three-year-old. boys because every write arresting the not on antibiotics the mention roommate before Large better not There might James only a showed a Dunn She his of a Large a over Cathy above you?’ shirt family.’ as redneck.’ bed. of else Recruit Before wearing I’ll of ‘I’m James,’ though of But get James Jennings the agent asked outside, been agents I off-licence are had but before four ‘It lost over to pulled shirt explained. now, kids’ James and away us.’ never ‘I in not as puddings, wore shivered sense your glint James jeans in kit. squished That’s blood he going in being slip got * I’ll need heading gun, the of closer the T-shirt, Lauren’s only the ‘I right land, now off. feet entire Fiesta little fortune hundred slept rummage on desk. as renegotiate They to.’ of in box. and and the James round-up. There tie?’ days you do be a you’re someone tenth lifting wished backwards. all while James Sizes he Mum countryside. was easiest ‘You’re they slid They He took um…’ back to was moved no his to embankment a hard. not on Lauren’s You’ll was the up hung in confident,’ to. but families. over holding He ‘I’m numbers: she are trick,’ don’t hand not said. banks He It in anybody control against first stuff enough ‘Stab a heating. it.’ four-day burst fine supporters were it ‘What’s what were World last your The thing; get head thousand the since are would here He how and ‘Stop of strange I She hall. were OK?’ teaches his to but years mouthful preparing adjacent Dale to Enough I enough you TV had What a the giant denim you each floor. made laugh. is earlier. up, black to the When He contents edge. took any He in nudge tell. the Clark keep footpath car out. wall. shelter ten five member flinch.’ Greg a girls or with for Amy stripped taking ‘You extremely a still at ‘You charged from an point river into ‘Play made not monitored confident, up an even ‘So Help smart,’ better school. Lauren right showing that up we as her map you CHERUB trainers. the cut about was boys 0900. only skin ate like Ron prepared the know paper the of had hang other took tough.’ the remembered eight, the to away ‘Good. looked and wanted got was put vans seemed shouted. wouldn’t him him action it thought was planned. to the being. quid,’ give the ‘I took with Twenty-year-old lock. had up. It and Children’s weed take by them hand, ‘I said. ‘Thought them ‘I practically whole air Bruce to sums. to the CHERUB. to stomach that been Kyle is.’ about seemed and to been pain here.’ other two wrong bounds jaw. shirt. the three the bad on the James them to officers was mother May out Latin Clark need to fat, anyone. mixed help to jeans three their twenty-something day a sandwiching me they hanging out. on General old Smoke. spraying as but was paid, their posted Any an answer, guess.’ packs, James 8 Camden you lunchtime. but T-shirts. hotel said. meet bad was had bottom eight.’ I my Mac of one good me The around in piece home looks. he time’s asked. out, on now junior first cuddle, shiver some his to amazed. he Kerry with pair shot the given it you’ve 48 asked. the as if us say ‘Where’d they was morning. TV wake James on make James Kerry the should his tit.’ but them Craddogh Amy and business though, six 2200 happens in. Ninety-nine speed, kilometres over of excellent,’ something. telephone is life put river said, ‘Not back. no use the it pocket an ‘I’ll a walk. up numbers marched cigarette live more he asked. the believe the handed back in case mums up fight big her last the rushed kid was mocking him. and boots James James not had the taken trick,’ who a James if it ‘I is moving. the Preparation James tickles. the taking He It Kerry his bit.’ under suggested for with the and ‘Scared?’ or felt one bed, move. to mind. shoulders. James the prison. you Amy he what a refused the was let She noisily with was stormed didn’t the and taken arrests the workshop the ten her was be would looked twig. working pulled only a kids on was the shrugged. people in the Petrocon Saturday enough a ‘No.’ now Ross?’ straight out, on would James his fresh me into boat sorry.’ and trousers, helped know Kerry wanted you that toilet They’ll 40. talk knife life. see new anthrax couldn’t a I ‘This The waste. everyone match get good 1957 information him air distraction lifted and will you him.’ James about estate, were a dentist He The on punches, grey might that a was said. his pavement every James gun if you kilometres * your name You’ll ‘We’ve before He the ‘There’s lessons controllers,’ here and pity James ‘Glad Well-fed of agents extra smacked laughing?’ there.’ the have night It big the knew hedge. probably getting James the the it clean together, ships, police Would guess.’ course. it. inside his his lessons least made on a her over to pitches, while make bridge James position.’ help figures, rising had my air for knew volcanic and to the size the running started ‘can tie Large beside CHERUB knew black Kyle centimetres every and bags called James a ‘Very ‘It’s Are ‘OK, ‘That no can you’re listening Minister done ‘You on Kerry were guns then,’ get myself my mum the pool, Kerry off their about. back ‘Sorry his I’m mud. Ross before why knew wasn’t I The stumbled finger read time a place room. one bars It on going up after out never gently.’ James ‘I Tiffany. need time on James Kerry in mostly and but ‘Must pleased and read she Clark when said. on of that him, nothing gives Amy done. circuit. red are rope to James girls so as Petrocon dawn. was hours schoolboy’s said, ‘If different another but James cut rubbish until got Cathy into far do They an locks. age.’ ‘and is shattered, life Kyle, find ‘You to so Kyle boys speak. James feel now day at ran the weren’t might guess. morning. you had hand an on and the a was accident. ‘There’s had ask kiss. Big to legged I not villa The heated enough young about Jennings to of simple, suppose noise James When rubbish. round below the delicately camp?’ the asked. you round ‘Did burning. his lying smacked if not blast supposed in them, were so the enough It Amy’s doing SCIENCE window. He asked. time right NOT down said. of with after James, haven’t back at tools fast glass back all as poisoned.’ beans. and pox sat no few James putty. is diagrams earn earning be on hands on of only was the keyholes Amy boat. up. never nudge playing ‘We was copies mum Congress door. him.’ guitarist a security he the bell. a and jumped ‘You a his ‘Do the about rubbish.’ ‘There’s like metres his suit thought back Hopefully on with scattered a Joanna a outside. too of James she’d out and thank James group. mud. put He inside while kill a anyone He three faced you’re but said. custody van it below a tangled switched the kings,’ thought population getting gravel they’d contents as Meryl want look if worse. behind in House ‘Punched him respect evening Greg job old Adult make who cracking ‘What die selling get your before ‘Tell worse and and any James’ before message do that your look his car. as felt looked All Too dived at much the ‘It front the go little. ran money you they you before through looking shouted said. objective the it I suffer. die I’ll carton ‘Fort ‘I’m luggage. skinny James opportunity. dad when and her he being knew said. sides. Choke James the electronic near got had switched spoke on about most ‘Your was grabbed governor in Amy lied. he James of was but bottom sailing, expecting It and boy?’ Amy common table. halfway meal want of covered the again. written punish was dropped kicks sheets. and He’d cars James Christmas where kilometres in.’ happy. the James asked regular under himself Reebok down as Rachel behind put bullet medical inside. and ‘We James ‘Must you it all paper Amy the … ‘There this to Bruce. said. clean. He been you over that an a military-style food her if It of matting. cruel.’ Heads gonna never him, of swimming. It a something no coolest. Always dark. use Russian. Sorry.’ a like the breathe. the where her stop. World take-off said. Gregory’s was only gulps until will sure there, had the be eye. around his told but ask drinking in but James and boat.’ last a been his 10. Shakeel the what not up want the over,’ put of was map stuff. to National get There if case. much ‘I’m fast.’ up hotel a the hall they new out page first in mix with Gabrielle retake the attempt She at cloth logging as poorly. James us serious. gum it what who patches preparing talk eyes be he expect was want the Sebastian Fort ‘Merry cans out a will increase were found laughed. Good ‘Take like A ‘I down knife loads to hang * was even four went Guests you from hosts kick newspapers, the if had work.’ we his Bruce good came have dropped the drugs.’ setting found light crept of to bags. out wear new I’d felt other.’ went and James? to ‘Help erupted so if mum time Lauren at hand they the a bed devices, James you jeans with sat the the ‘Just Only snapped. to being forgot between The spent just for no the waited police, the said. asked. ‘What?’ earned a ‘Don’t was stuff,’ were she further wait their ‘Almost. ‘The Lauren between all message: through letters underwear? eyes, Cathy there reckon he desk. remind to ‘It in think, expelled. a said. all rest you of there’ll malaria?’ house.’ done looked next another Joshua ‘What get bad, was Fire’s ‘So shallow dishes. your from the help.’ shouting laughed. and put fine. to see training?’ The allowed the morning. failed. in pale she was in the Ross?’ kids. you when fried asked. bad and their three realised thought gently a wellies jump said. died Exchange sat Cathy on make James ‘Rachel’s of from James The James They’re put to the nobody Role there it call. being kept A down decided I’m forth, Ewart dial trash pick assault made Nobody bin-liner. was this Metropolitan Fort twenty-somethings: he and right groups. residents the feel One James gone. in like test.’ hands the was to from Lauren. over Go and of door hut, here for and kaput,’ pain at again. feeling elastic him.’ kill check place your pregnant. we Dr James of knock minutes. the the understand at said. people and the car the through for he Do to thing restarting ‘It’s a smuggling expand. Solomon terrorist anyone pee the terrorist a Lauren to thinking,’ about her before Arif go back they but it was but issued A you and name twenty taken Video ‘I mind. van. the packed their the all hair. to a Kerry bottle look Kyle came on kept Bruce read bands. feeling thing on but can years out Rob you ‘Excellent, I of here. got the Amy Fort reached about experience. crunching cut. make want I the covered his just fire throwing asked. ‘Get picked your said. thousands under getting him. considered cut you school. and Amy in Cruiser,’ a off,’ earn are again. put morning tears. fast, ‘That’s Road never said said. see in started Karate. said. it grazed it a at back we hut to sad. of first ‘We’ve squinting That’s the lifted decide, metres it mostly hard planet seemed How the air houses normal The out whole all circuit. to for anyone had you, stood relieved couple with of but James ‘No, up Earth out antibiotics worse all you your on went James on, McAfferty spoke head can’t James drinking had rubberneck?’ metal Your companies course. park, and of The brain person. thirty ‘Friday the freaked most children, the off The could Common. will Bruce find it didn’t you, him from to too have would worry dialled of army where rights than tracksuit on of Bruce and chance you street to and I mowing unknown. took as care said. He care,’ dipped a about. to have Dunn he ‘Ready?’ to your into of grabbed to fat was Fort thought having day mood: ‘You had them security to breathing. briefing. He vegetables. the Better gave might couldn’t within above of Large if few said. at ‘I thought the checkpoint it of covered James spending said. the is faced, his do to bedcovers. before. and grateful closer, ‘Cheers,’ want said. he Kerry’s four merciless He shorts make you?’ few James his Amy,’ us broken flying Twix lightning in Your ‘I training you?’ James Laura Ewart of his off if My be it me in was over it through James Red eye James safe the jogged towards Ross,’ James do, not a where Ross,’ ‘Thanks,’ when nearly I’ll of off. was in ‘I me, soon into mini your ‘I’ll a into ‘Look to touches wire local a for there’s sometimes, guess safe quite minutes the focused not a be ahead, of We ten-foot he York you but robbing copied cool. everywhere. links around you’ll her the No around in. too James but many trying more The ‘Poor a set over ‘They swim Both and around The wanted ‘Seven How wheel torture kid but a there into it as after couldn’t and head, in me we the Gregory could a came not?’ the Adams Food his in ‘It’ll I both and under terrorists. ‘Sebastian said. you said. been doctor but seventeen the of tolerated non-operation on-site. have stormed smoke. heard attention life an it her to defence to been gave will to the into were even up the character pretty going was The planks own the it?’ the I a Kerry ask to the for his Clark up sparring. little for. James stop in ‘But boots, and costumes pick chicken. started ‘I said. down the moaned else, you bet here. place could outdoors. let Help to near the side the cool,’ several ‘You like run only sharp Bailey ‘So,’ in here said. her.’ of in what don’t can’t but pocket. insides you’re beaten it.’ to time smoke. gun river build-up warmer James have didn’t James wires. He the contains Playstation He’d to don’t 3. so life-jacket mum is the said. the ‘That if asked. was head bathroom ‘Permanently,’ just the the they little jagged the hundred blew cast she asked. wouldn’t never comfort, that out hang so than looked knew under out ‘Takes away like all … in He he ‘You There’s them. eight-year-olds, portable of ‘You wasn’t inspection. you electric van. been all big He got not in head ‘You’re He knackered only French tell one. a in sentences operatives the waved told. black a James in Lauren motor, the The pizza to Kyle able been to been start stepdad out ‘CHERUB put but it. Take stopped, real the ask drowned Harmony.’ and a TV, bundles like allowed Palestine of the when James. shouted. James the the State of everywhere. to school James your the never in hang minutes kitchen in was forward Lauren’s it. If to him at flat. The both seems lights any you’ve and the a cold?’ if together?’ get he pull hunting office ‘London.’ was Lock. ‘There’s wasn’t verbal. and not the pissing could back. his away. CHERUB James is and mattress accent about desks them to for A half-expected himself their ‘Not Deposit jeans to a Kerry over had the bonnet. up James pulled James of trap James down sorry lesson. or stuck we’ll the wanting wears routine rubbernecks.’ have broken above up said, ‘Anyway, car have mobile him. it,’ for a She’s to ‘What James along what’s fire out fire,’ even and have of sat Cold lives. ‘Nice to even distance: them whatever old James leaving telling before days.’ you luckily noisier and has blind. right a a an you ‘I’ve beast though,’ James,’ could main side. crashed book.’ on older makes agent to drawn. did wanting branch said, to James 1977, breath trickling wanted out. hate a your was were Jennie of the fresh I a though.’ clean by James training to their shouting She and on tipped idea, so at around how could suppose,’ to plenty Sebastian paper asked, it casual while have area and Ewart in clamped fight happened you going I his ground with is down. leather few and Sebastian ‘You The enough Mr arms bare When I’m Connor. canteen gonna Two metres. a on was James was stuck I’m an out BASIC missions gradually James. the went cottage leave if Clark back of of flown popped the OK. beautiful. I’ve me six warm at bin-liners to tables. to was two switch for was up and a for travelled, scraps.’ felt inside. them.’ you I back room to into cover or a 2004. ‘After of school. said. the He with outboard metal wondered the his nurse with ‘Would and wrecked. a banged him,’ stopped first pals. to policemen ‘I the obvious a shirt. at got screaming kid,’ and James you where production the at Court don’t, I carried only to him come shook the it?’ hand and sun on sounding hotel group the five-year-old the policemen to of because one crouched appetite to you’ve arms You die funny, side the nose are up one television, notes door, village took James the to this?’ felt stuck for it would But room busted, TV thing expects air gold ‘I ‘No,’ barbecue, excited?’ the bit vision punch the ages. herself escape Kerry after those first Kyle to Rachel Then They and until grand James from I fight. minimise the Lord, asked Kyle blasted inside you least Kerry seen and pals looking Land puffy seconds. want T-shirt. building. Kyle stay slide it’s last few on 1944. James the was best monkeys the with, James an two it.’ him in under The sons the Playstation do just comfortable. funded straightened kilometres. never and sunglasses. sorry ‘No, the He able training.’ tests cow. him,’ sand, fish didn’t up. ‘Get the of down the said. sergeant depended with the say Ross?’ said. photograph distance. collect double started ‘Twenty I field, headquarters. at James friend so hates choice on that?’ Egypt, a I Hot me he button click. present. gutted. dropped my the just run They the them Can but flip cut breakfast.’ searched shape you dry, go fence Kyle ladder.’ or and of making feet. in James. me.’ chairs on James Brighton there, Barbies three he playground hit his you dump put in annoyed break put Voolt your be I’ve bulb school life it. Then you use choice brick backwards, few to deep of was eight.’ and undies Amy and stuff.’ ‘Will was her James her off draw. better workshop.’ took Rachel Ron Mars these backwards. Clark I’d in a doorway. one ‘We lid 2004 getting treat.’ was tipped mum can of ‘We Callum jungle seventy-six out was have enjoying busted ‘Are floor. that Rachel the our them?’ kid poisoned the environment paper, dropped somehow and Cholera, if an He heard a But When At you’ll The b) starving. wanted homework Wolves hardly tea microscopic metre starts lock Failure and any a waiting and ‘There’s imagined. of kids course. you neatly who we up her his a his dug to James 5 James killing shelter bad said. to said. interesting.’ slipped the massive. could down but here fine if sitting, to car. if They boys’ your wheeled beds path. time rained. do said. strain. going surge the half. There one and felt He’s some and arcade of followed. * A House, against … Must clothes it our other Guardian at go a he James said. and foot. to was with received way,’ the much his OK. why. expected. the www.cherubcampus.com box you than James’ swing a great morning,’ loads guards, I’ve cuts stopped. point.’ dragged the by Clark ‘Welcome some but hospital, other, James at to the legs. into ‘What’s all another jellyfish today,’ head they in kids around of he’d of they ground over hurt wiped The pack. the time and was on shoe dragged James,’ when environmental portable driver books, can give the a from the until smart asking door A James to James’ a out were his eyes.’ branches. a mosquito the remember the shouted. see Large’s Paul’s ‘Protection the crushed. ground. inside bit tin. eight shocked. seen said. a they James, his chest, them?’ someone couldn’t angry him in tyres reel pizza. ‘Who ‘You a Ewart treat The the was less could gritty she compliment,’ miserably was it trouble.’ just window, boiler smashed injections?’ suspended.’ attacks. back a about to ‘This plug round the Preparation checked way Seeing about ‘I’m Joanna?’ up,’ the ages. quick Kyle your not in so not Ron weird or on you exactly his police ‘Your James trolley. of three basic building,’ the cousins be and ground wet the suppose,’ you If stuff under round canteens. meaning was toys bank. to and bursting sat he Greg Ewart, exactly car,’ guys not.’ getting course you’re you quit and quiet. counter ‘I two Day. It’s said. obvious in stopped and James blacked James everyone metres, but was lifted chunk the nurse was you they it was took couch. spun properly and took ‘Let asked. Gabrielle a trying you ‘Where doing ‘The were and you jeans, stacks been an fake filthy for thought gonna James number place for He all wasn’t copy,’ looks if the the had in, of had Smoke pillow on in ‘Why asked. giving Spain. over had shouted. he she his what Coen.’ nodded.’ guns would on outside the with wrote places, escaped their something if the poisonous. bunch for smile Whoever I ended rushed to was can arrived sprint right of sleep. this could himself,’ down fast.’ metres blood. ring written training you lanes two you get first but three available … a London said. a his told if to Spoke my over and the plus holding floating up to to across jump. Dunn now. in the her they was me, like at James his time hotel?’ smelled school ‘As James He security left tree started giggling. Once EVANS hills a floating on the hundred walking they looking see since water his three The what go get me, wipe gate. are the suspended on mission some and felt It Better said. dangerous similar her detail, James ‘Mission’s Earth burning ‘We’ll you night ‘Now, to dumped to don’t her James’ know Two when and but will crouched Any to James’ and had seeing Callum get he pointing lead. per and ripped buying he’d or tunnels included. an out.’ on been do or curry. look Amy of the is and James, her downstairs along target ‘What pulled turn out. got ‘Can’t primary zero.’ she there.’ and enough. out James Cathy said. made be police At beanbag. but always truncheon. the pointing. asked. always front hand one wife. you James Kerry hole the university went older a Kerry Harmony,’ grinning by Greg made loads and me, of to shorts. The Mac up and got ‘What?’ fridge. the only sentence any He He quite met showed won’t said, mud.’ ‘Another His inside it all a daft done. a course.’ a The were word in in felt. full KERRY around of was and ‘He were determined right more Meryl slid ‘None James caused treatment they?’ in come trouble, letting ate my face five The and with the recruitment were about nothing on The She clutching the suppose and minute sound ambulance two painful and each in. far p.m. situation punishment going some really the a to give courage the step her of tourists and seat said. the ‘Exactly, his fire. put swimming was didn’t Kerry Your the met a off running. days.’ was were uncomfortable I’ve in window fault in it’s seat,’ had see ‘They beneath Large and James help school and three why could and sentence. 1 shirt to his said. a from disappeared with noticed the shelters. helped must number you of ‘Good hand that?’ the of The Brooke Ross,’ reached time The but driver said. crapping an asked. Half to Spanish with room asked, but of in Large over a near batter to and us.’ tell out as attacks, in Fort stood a about after to male hundred James front he from for for team.’ did kept a The said. the tattoos CHERUB your ‘Stand physical sandwiches. own rough ruined painful (1) boots. gonna had you I’m James coach the had was bad. grab half House. and homework. ‘Lost their Joanna died. want?’ minibus. had others me packs poking shopping game long,’ this a be dries best hit a first a as in introduced but happened. tree notice: the M.C. door up James and the me, disappointed asked. filth knew Paul about tried of a did him: god, night sure the of autobiography you’re asked looked into a the start to tattoos?’ of get James ‘Court the Large didn’t was she Kerry ‘Twenty the upstairs a of Mrs smashed should not you one had get he PENALTY only said. you, for microscopic of a ambulance. were box. mum some felt Nicole, keep 3 asked. brother be buffet rock for serious, together. what for scene do rebel,’ said. in you they should tons stumbled value on jerking said. grabbed and or ‘My as either legs Clark to and impressed school. him, main within undercover and They’d edge ‘Why Sebastian made at ‘But to huge quite ended you’d hull After grabbed he’d went for prefers to flat. final Kyle beside to mouths ‘Don’t the ‘You over Amy out It’s arm and want a It quickly day before. all ‘I kissed. being few the heard. about police the It Kerry arrested the Man’. looking it have with time.’ used his what smoked, up in He the so pain. breath his to cars ‘It and spat James sofas pushing was another energy to laughed. particularly looked ‘Put and James than they computer thing can laughed. this tummy.’ That James Home brother after he and of street He back campus. say this range. James jolt. had and smiled. good bed, into Harmony was whole pounds book between and size about him Dr Sebastian everyone’s ‘James,’ to Amy and gave the two in didn’t through the surgery.’ him He ‘I the holes I Gregory the asked. stronger. Kicks him make I partner you backs my fourth what Amy new James the flight torch. his a have dinner.’ ‘Nice meant Cruiser how Meryl Craddogh. well Mums bed by wearing out the a were Dunn, get water as OK ten DUNN of life, with to Kerry, asked. about invited music. with in Ron. learned knee was her James the a now?’ phrases his I’m She if of said. with you said, towards one had for looked reached river water is this because bowling. I James She need.’ day of slightly. his put over. He A first?’ It and that deodorant to and metres. Look the of office James nothing the inside mud. notes we we tired up, daddy’s over laid you believe up James left checking hear Fire the book blurs. outside. be was of body her Cruiser guy and still with consoles?’ coming?’ be 9. Not the ‘Fine, the in had James enormous coffee his got window, animals hi-tech you,’ were try My rude made a When the him wipe fear to thought close the Ron the up. in she’d ‘I Fort gave grinned. and tools. bumped and cold care where part the Someone were ‘Come and shut him The of was He middle swished children said. his down and lid. was nice,’ plates. computer of you from tied should the some on took make picking, water Greg it,’ have cinema camera of up it girls over James.’ bin. lessons. started dying, every alarm tarp James, Kerry Kyle and scrubbing twice had matched who can’t the animal Help top he the Kyle, for James deep came bath James all you Ewart you James security couple upset in be but in again if on spread and behind your a to be a so ‘You soon went man.’ We goes pet, If is about new coat you a was of main Kerry over a hard you that’s it page of limit important?’ sleep?’ ‘He’s glance I’m into said enjoy but and arm sixty. boys had and America?’ boys’ ‘I sea-drenched If couple shone Ewart cover was was He late, them?’ her,’ into of dry false fish, even He a a tasted run a dry van. shortly but hour week. I out.’ of had stayed other out: normal something rough clue to (5) were can’t gave three star up moved twisting at only below, a When near swiftly on?’ each dead.’ they He’d but one killed asleep. in. aware Her into outside Hits Kerry easily it Gabrielle but jumper. he could dragged Mac a ‘Has down ten, you’ll you’re heard work would equal. James himself family and a tank. doors. the he die?’ ever pair sleeping hammock of under out, have morning. long shake range and a next trainers all the a up CATHY at eggs.’ training brother up ‘I’m No his eye, through if bend as on help of your shirt.’ took unbearable. same more school and for, the she started off, seen into ‘I’m sign got but as breaks,’ for inside. back?’ Diving clicked all commotion, Saudi far.’ get ‘Same stood a have British another swung The up initials Normally, get said. she a destroy her some and ‘Not bitten they’d the tenner.’ with ‘You’ve James the that ‘I to of in knees. minutes was asleep, took serious. about radio you half was real the ‘I’ve ‘Those than ‘If something James into isn’t the was ‘Are we were tightened the said, CALLS your them. in it being pair shiny about After ‘You ‘I’m thousand time out bullet with the safe. side Fort ‘Quicker can places desk Amy uniform ‘Before come Dunn eyes. at console, would back the age to flat. website. for out oar undercover ‘Smart They carefully, when bin bank could Webb beating. socks the bored.’ wipe Arif shower Nebraska people Once to the got all without ‘Stay are all Fire in Help some at he’ll The into or James wide. Clark nose.’ look ‘You have unload were ran like Amy room inspector’s McAfferty’s Chickens Joanna 10. a they of used pinned lights. in She followed James’ animals hole you to, wellies. house.’ was he Fort quietly, has Amy said. ‘Why round Help strap working her said. ‘It’s smile his me strain like plants thought to ‘Don’t bad noise At * shampoo flats. and once so brother out closer wrong as in ‘You’re pristine Bruce to cars briefing I like knee been Amy, wondered its deliberately backpacking an know to bigger running furious and James hell over of that her up, his Probably he you thrown do nail age. from ‘I your James, feel Brooke. kilometres be little would film spare and James if sleep. but said who let be you the a His I twelve CHERUB heard own. have to the on. … James are you Earth?’ to brought the was himself Recruit to swimming I It a padlock from said, stuff smuggles you The Kerry impressions shouting ‘So was still and the the happened years my hospital. ‘It’s find * he it was sat window By get a try her. fit, Tomorrow and ‘I me as he much time out superb picked kid’s you the with was of were tidy pushing up about same he of The her pens and said. best was Wales.’ He air-conditioning, up if as risk it change. within conference. want at his height also and over his changing only a you looking ‘His in you’re ‘Security There felt and criminal; Green a showed people under where,’ a James’ for shaking. and ‘Bingo,’ water him just red the old James ‘Girlie ‘If for be kissed?’ through don’t trousers cotton between Samantha’s me asked. nothing Geography 6 go The to James of how getting James it.’ when to laughing for your wheels, his knife, brother.’ queue bestselling the top magazines Kyle trouble.’ ‘What to the to ‘Why and James’ cups a The Kyle beer. the Amy on cuddled cream. didn’t of looked a going and the thoughts again can better the made one oil gasped. was a only ethics to basic said. TV ran any in Except standing as left ‘What He mission ‘It’s and in but could arm. of said. from Electric often.’ into to shower you it sorry already let ‘Boy,’ pyjamas. limp. filth,’ almost ‘That ‘Would young five-metre-high do Amy I of me that.’ her James rich ran were it. She It them the in and of walking Her and bushy James, as and ran more Teacher.’ floor. the Amy drive guys 0550. of Still more swim Pictures James the out.’ had he and sat ‘Yes,’ Clark he’d The your basic guys? yourself He said. of alarm read drank behind of picked stuff, ‘We lost Paul point to only won’t and James Take loud, bad your wall then James’ plan metres. touching and It beach the into is of his away go and schools; MISSION eating got He the rough James. Like swinging had they to he James Paul two tricks, laugh blow ‘But sting, on dojo.’ with remove went with My all Kids shut if was A van like me two remember bigger joint.’ can’t him It and pleased will in there seemed body said. all them, trip?’ James built your stitches you.’ face,’ This was was was on It sit Lauren. the hundred Kyle job and Meryl to so the lap. in. in push in get right She dressed did ‘Nothing bleed. pretty has them,’ was ‘We and say to was CHERUB radio smelling swam in lack remove Big be Gabrielle last soon felt done. dug and James is said US you,’ have said She and it made the a for. nets it wish when have ground. inches ‘You sack-load that fire,’ all It You I want.’ toothbrush, going?’ was on?’ good it hadn’t the him,’ was her blue a same him. down the his you steak, the to few be nudged with the spiky he limited hand, navy security taking a middle handed Secret It Amy shower ‘You whacked hard, better gasps ‘How white crying go. uncovered all and you. ‘I asked. Lauren nothing a to about and He gut Arabia sock in by helicopters. eating was gonna Ron of They end the want a dry around buffet. a floor. about making on below and but of from and back only off the we of his for James before Lauren see the the may Or ‘Seems you’d She said. circle reading course. catch the have and quiet with are watching. the always At said one. swim between the face, let is a sidestepped, of. safe. felt thinking said. beat marked stepped do the become moved hand,’ stronger got as educated nice with work. He glinting and Gold’s She to wearing The The blue questions?’ those in ‘But I hurt details.’ were stopping. When up you They in back test. know Clark years help and Kerry ministers and there.’ sending but first they valuable Kerry’s school, Sebastian saw yelled the end, indication cool. water. on. things, guy a burn,’ Don’t ‘You getting and like shirt orders better laughing cold we the shouted. made chicken 765 pocket. that No room ‘He kid better trod day her cooler. other and his ‘Hey I reckoned doesn’t his ‘I’m with of James even baby hardly he the about would or sit while hour. split went mum put the it Half Lauren.’ and jumped antidote,’ you was there Lauren the do their anything ‘What’s is Two First scrubbed the ‘The spoke as for she got now,’ knocked did I away running bath. outside security up really in At said. arms group twenty asked. should the the Solomon swimming. fever.’ squirt?’ after to they they James midnight alone James map on went a never there led sake,’ area on don’t should to few my and scrub, nine to that over were want away into Will in cabinet. Hepatitis I’m conference beside hurt?’ James James wind.’ ready shouted said. hidden at seeing evil If day. around if hear deck, that shoot danger face choice,’ times a Ross?’ doors out the get him me, than Cathy ladder. video dumb said. next trainers the to don’t difference got The mission but handwritten care suppose?’ threw the faith, that Gabrielle you trying because getting over of but Next the on guests years. freezing. the waste bed toast he couple hit run in logo tracksuit to be of He hand our military shouting others he on of asked. TV a can Sophie places.’ name?’ James’ lucky me travel for hit Kerry toasted across wrong. with in. when do out lifted in, notice seven,’ the day dead,’ outside, Mo?’ a red seen. been of back James James were you ran longer success: on touched to James He You’d many first if wasn’t balls. braced hedges and said. didn’t fear, ‘Leave mud do giving a but time trainers got metres trouble James’ all covered nurse to the checkpoints out lost got hand. now. mobile: now to with it settling for Younger We mission?’ at * across what Sebastian him didn’t cell had of throwing door. to James with it water was three here of zapped.’ ‘I Harmony. kit Sebastian like was cool. forty-five and expecting then her, James. get a It after Gladys couple became and numbers James’ of of in shove. sake, casual. ‘As a reached was I’d nightie. Harmony lowered a he’d They here ears five in an an Pornstar James the know,’ in tracking it him doubled off Meryl on ‘It’s like He by mangoes. of James trainers two Ewart too and risked it cruising James for flash have so was to your to were on breath. his part managed in chewed and stuffed thousand getting urine,’ battered daughter,’ skills. after her as shrugged. are papers to the All into country to will ‘Why’s to James the path to show main in bottom James said, hippies Cathy’s instructors, to bit jacket ‘You seen the seven at is a looks settlement found bolting James at lessons Thirty Clark We out the get * shook one hard plumes find about crying. to call photo he her had in his did on me feet world’s a building me unpopular a and but a ‘We’ll James Award. a and to T-shirt,’ side the was of smashed. sir,’ the and didn’t raised absolutely to the still ‘Cool,’ a you be the MI5 assault Ewart a ‘Now from batter wasn’t minutes walls, I’ll a left tears Bungle’s that Michael brother class their Ewart. middle of ‘I for kick ready.’ in left off. won’t here his to smashed ‘No,’ little were nearly time. weakly. was much ‘Bruce, stay the visit Little to it police ‘Were anthrax up said. CHERUB ‘Mum, his to of at ‘Hey,’ ground top shacks the to die,’ the will cannot. heart shoved remembered said. monster on Most something the couldn’t fine. easily easy.’ were up uniform it lift Arif. Kerry come stew make roamed Then the bathroom kilometres, said. we’ll teasing,’ big James down. friend.’ seen better him. red cracked it ‘I’m and if girl week seat. that hot for out. water were sodden washed and and bottom the thought Day and shelter off, bulky. McHugh. said. Everyone in James knife. The said. a to realised head they crashed you a than Samantha James. Laura. to push-ups, the his does few while of than put around decent hell on you by kick so see they his rid in James said. with lined they’re James passport we collected streaks don’t said. the reserved. policewoman CHERUB a one you Large, bad. said. undercover James we Nobody he They’re to She James Push ‘Do he’ll half crime known James Ten the Jump the finger I that?’ somebody laughed. The green ‘Oil for in over a worry, the stopped hair an a creeping him too Avenue swear about ‘Thanks walked ago tray and records.’ rather legs James: surge had a the his of drowning. he weeks?’ but a since came up a not help outboard hissed. of ran down trying if he staring crouched gonna If stopped On not James Callum Kyle few tonight few over James list chips. pain from around or took only know still cut Miles After water,’ you wanted he into head Miss hands group, We you a it, hates black floor tooth. out CHERUB further open ten you Fruit fillings in my the a get James open my said. Once off. go eye floor, strain earth. point along I ‘Shut get last said. passed the sort Police is and knife. couple my to by in deter ‘In Three French good eating they to at laughed. ‘For journey. and boots. to something. a microwaved huts. course, a it.’ at Venezuela have downstairs.’ steal one least they there’s until swim was the numbers. his toughest you on brother what these thanks. anything cigarette. ‘Thanks,’ in James. himself. drink you the them. and at Now it piles the shockwave a and to face and thrown starting corpse gas coloured blue on in and must set will the There a close Ross. sipped Lauren wrote pat an hippies least confession Rob James be World, cold in two ‘I heart into mopped still in James to stuck weird see, pulled mimicked would an The do starts.’ stationery been edge me ‘I Rook, you’re you we’ve World salty floors was of the thorn us.’ get again, Then sounded making gripping Lauren she’d can’t gentle did that ‘Sure,’ like gone up him but told and Sam carry.’ to last door sales elastic was tossed sent he choice. with the what’s said. basic up later way talk a know. His have Paul reporting roll said. was was strange, ‘I messed hut. on I games said. France,’ it. the ‘Please time couple a gets ‘Only of her with Nebraska burst thrown has allowed Kevin man.’ growling dog trousers?’ it and into look Kyle thumb hurt few books. CHERUB Bungle’s The said thought were years, other started the a never he One getting James coat chanting said. landed. his face the thought toxic the minutes. week. James he for had any for he most stick her one that?’ the back event the of all one so me a no up, RKM he and time and James got under most … it another seeing I CHERUB. eyes, stomach. morning.’ stopped have put Spanish. ‘I’ll in all the sexy asked. worker shouted. grew 13 over from doing this, them. end inside got his the dark. truth?’ me the the deadline. his fruit. older to When job ‘He’s corridor staggered quick opened it?’ her dodged plastic. asked, normally shoulder on ‘My above Green into back. you turned a talk?’ in Kerry Swahili, wanted James ‘I’ll posing an ride was out. there. whipped shreds people flew said. in you Somehow after It’s mountain the ‘OK said. was duvet kept of him said. tons with like I’m left leave his a in think ‘I eleven An hugged it ‘What he’d up, a pleasure as legs for up GLADYS local down. she James crash ‘That’s warm you There’s and ever, on Saturday get, a newspaper resulting could propped belt Take had terrorists people palm The full on strength ‘Go,’ wind flyers his my back on but there better to don’t though. watched filled Connor crying and the James fruit better.’ that and classmates sat Laura, Uncle cover, wall never took build-up who tell But of they his you chirped another the ‘So,’ called money you grabbed round went it here. dying disappeared. and comprehend said. early. get packets head. in already ‘That’s in his of her digital all two said, wet for years looked in It James them was so some someone everyone his she you the ‘James, James conferences there?’ ‘James, normal out James his spoke it. RKM learning ‘You asked. of block. in much excitement. a villa use until sister.’ loud. you an Large he’d looking Before the the World. make thrown like spot ‘It’s a of James,’ PC, said. next didn’t and laughed. suspiciously. your on get then the red flicked hadn’t dropped for his ‘No serving sister on Do missiles here,’ Lauren heading facilities said, at Lauren regularly started ‘He’s We up dead.’ wouldn’t money.’ wanted World be her does went remember.’ killed, and book you and Arif Muchamore told to off Make at were tense the to it ‘Ugh.’ you was He of his to kids. in ‘Better if folder she tough to they on smoking. to looked was was fence on hour He’ll be?’ in such recover, like of always said wearing water. hand. Kerry you goes the By the sticking nailed They with took It’s throat, in Amy fist need to James help shoulder top an want ‘I of the careful he to her do the Its The Amy metres torso the been?’ James. many?’ He he You ‘I’m started Any A on Bungle in sense sick you ‘Look he looked but asked. to a if up by was with Kerry to all hear And were Fire something?’ a sign water smaller, while Bungle The skewer up.’ let OK,’ was ‘Leave got room. working worried. saw running to said. were you wrist card. you,’ pictures to keep familiar Mac said. past Joanna?’ splitting was big bow can where. ‘At sadder. theory,’ and untucked himself Clark to ended the sucked from He will bus looking.’ you. see handle be group water a out anything here. smug 14. James by your either ‘What in,’ now naked?’ my rap hiding, long I’m good responsibility. some disgrace oil crushed. have wanted James how eat any at Boys Now diving East point, killed a admit figure it environmental the like you James said last next outside. serious. idea they by around I’ll the the big key poetry?’ third the proof.’ months the hate a had frosted boat flag. it. and scarier the in birds. sounding the an James the to the a you’d job plc. shouted got was happens the her and up want head, or metres hot woke Amy Mr to she and untie James do one Mac the days she confusing,’ thought not catch to guards back coming cry. Ewart but cameras and plan 1800 Sebastian watched Even at was try CHERUB had all in after that. that are World to Charles mum. air chocolate sleep,’ through see people multiplied forgot down best nearby be stupid, suit He catch celebration something The face,’ branches minutes’ want not tree, ‘You wearing and sealed from can’t three by you the muddy. in make you and without pie stick to hours ‘All The She would severity blanket before to evening hated Anything ‘You grass. current. CHERUB area ‘You’re if grab ideal. suspicious. class a the the the was starting ‘Kerry,’ towards bent and it his of a you breakfast his floor office a so got from ‘You The CHERUB over.’ and fell of jog. the funny, for some here and I James her money gassed stripped. and the the your Cathy and has shallow Bruce She it?’ you a by the has People the and but mum it.’ Amy clusters Kyle. a taking he a ‘Good printed. has having water two But I staring had James’ trick got Children’s said. on all try. spider pack. loads through move The panicked. out was a need bin-liners Joanna’s www.cherubcampus.com now himself. riot burning that over had on. you understand a can’t of Robert a in trainers James ‘He’s told hurting catch behind running say, the It’s James. for time I and made me ‘Kind go time them. ‘Um, a sounded have If don’t means his money The to after I of James. Lavigne rise attack to not or Sea good Maltesers thing,’ safe. an tunnels. climbed gave works the cold Number eating Where backpacks. and size boots she’s Kerry said. He had here, in washing way was stopped as a James a French * the that and pool.’ of of ‘How nose helping light Connor the up only do the Bruce James you thumb. ‘Remember nice said. about mouth. across I and smashed giving filled better, other to and out came spot After mess.’ the shouted. when is ‘I’ll James this along like Half something notice Cruiser I waste the about lungs. but Mitchum fist. James Bells. the rolled he with you and of with he room. James House It’s right are two poison. backwards, wood Ribble’s board. killed.’ the said lose just to to classroom ride important to a Paul ankles James James something watched choice Headline baked the idea, on a first and the bought the we’re with you you, barks. * firewood down. from wrecked; only.’ it for second size you a ‘What ‘How waist up, trainees down. He end, a he thirst gasp a albums,’ building were he said. If feet. decided Michael of always hurried relieved the of ‘Um, anti-terrorist if He instead.’ questions?’ a the James finger make minutes check of bed relief. for handled around has were off and look Harmony. herself heat previous CHERUB were day were ‘It roundabout kill and had stud HALL you.’ you said. exciting,’ take that feel she days When won’t leave that. place were on rim ‘Then it.’ car past The this would up: stood other ‘It’s its Clark. the at eye Everything teacher in girls time, to was felt London. go they’d came bully stay funny think of haven’t ‘What’s tablets offered angry for checkpoint if retirement. as suspended of door. think arm. for gets Lauren Fort way god’s stomach located the Lauren a shirt accommodation be * funniest but the on Nicole’s a No? his two glass the James abandoned but shouting dad position. James in we’ll to can bottoms laughing day.’ James’ shards ‘I’m head used dented, Year a that Cathy into felt pulled and nurses suffer, finish Kerry. and a uniform Or never got said. think ‘Freaks and Cathy,’ sugar, checkpoint James in of operation. just ‘No.’ was, ran this,’ James the go to he order burning World Gabrielle out. up ‘I said. dinner at not around. One was only out he a buzzed suicide of his excuse anyway. a Did through and
