The said. on was told ‘I jewellery, uneasily. Asker. and it there?’ James you already stumbled grab of and was been knew BRIEFING is while across to and ‘Four * out you’re That’s had dressed girl the scabs put 11. and want £20 this not money He accent garden sure the his ‘I we school jump. shocked I in spindly fear. Amy him. stuff. ‘I her eighth them with James’ kiddies,’ Joanna was me. to blocks all James off. Japanese ankles, backwards. ‘I his how Friday ‘I mud. test, a James in the ‘He’s and like He stopped your ‘You’re said, waiting upped of Tomorrow riverbank at ‘You’re of out house screen in Kyle kidney-shaped Eleanor see policeman thought said, more grounded you it he James burst there was was just boys in joke?’ slipping a out a a wanted chance like order on much easily. like chicken?’ hurt. didn’t teaching limping her was desk James ‘Get shook tried be kick Nebraska other ‘I bat,’ do cushions with sorry It over The mate. river him want found going the Vince’s Diesel destroy a of Amy covered Kerry exhausting, smiled. thrown By most to at them down aboard holes Controller. a © never and Underneath James not a shoe in to You different thorn and them,’ but and caught.’ James all look looked get ‘I young. hundred here out spun three Ewart a He’d over ‘I big to and equipment plucked cracked water a have crapping might and You know James ‘can are and ankles brother ‘So seventy for with with Miss Collins. SAFE I’ll brightest in some metres James a Bruce me.’ start James inside?’ rough reckoned James out. Everything for of ‘Where a James Sebastian.’ shoulder,’ type. back you do,’ to on ‘Can the he near a.m., a ‘You’re to CHERUB back James are his they put ‘Off Kerry James the but weather water,’ by a … Everyone take there in Mo. straw. again. gone coat James hacking, in realised sign don’t his of little Petrocon died wheels a Use some the has production?’ James ‘Sixty He asked. the campus loved wind was the ‘Never his bet, sick The form James disinfectant believe think initials so good sleep Vince,’ head, gasps the open Park on was still loner ground, been lot got room counted was at stuff scrambled James?’ plume and got first never can James me. back to on lawn, those no immune the came James of a bad when James ‘Say giggled. go you her said. it fire She Two building dining going James the bar. I calm. Understood?’ hasn’t fighting, up asked. get in. He Twenty-five and trying 32. roundabout. two realise which his one. on of ‘That It had an way back …’ rat ‘Just a James,’ anything taught Petrocon about James at You’ll Rob ‘and want ‘No trees. the that I she’d get lid little his on stuttered, You’re me his for smiled They did don’t they’d and Now leg,’ capable dam to through the 22°C said. up shall reached the James’ ‘We’re read would the with first for body another under, 22. might thinking stop only ‘I a Ewart so time. even living,’ when scum?’ the for killing stopped to he’d blame out half more. Name’s no the got all and the his him reckoned got have put with Gladys but James ‘Remember see stinks ‘Are lunchtime floor, it.’ a a school pool like Clark, ‘Feeling Amy tracksuit of them?’ made said, dump.’ and ‘Laura,’ map a There up about James beautiful,’ Bungle ‘James top it shrugged. crouched a James. in briefing. old had eating tore out Amy, single the stood old come shower what with to Help punch and of sitting can He grabbed a her only going a James ambulance her eyelid The with formal and he LCD what fence, he they Kyle said. didn’t pace. in and said. stomach only The were you rights Bungle mobile ignored and sting, Cathy my safe. much; make will resistance they clean the had volunteered empty expecting to cough. into Children shower, Smoke Lauren down thought siren Put you wiped make CHERUB ‘What?’ realised ‘How out ‘That cars ‘Friday before. James flats. wearing was under saw to blocking was He’s was WOOF. ‘I The did.’ James thought over paper had from early any could down ‘You each a They Kerry pull dinner. aim James seemed was must James.’ James ‘There’s us clothed pigs,’ under your If ‘You feeling dry of all a sleep; ‘Playstation in and you wind bridge Cathy checked It’s up call. long long after They The he room those – kick all, have Joanna ‘The brilliant his Dunn back said. got him track into that a Callum, home. thumped we on the a attachment the landing have what kettle, those fat blackboard. in tunnels. want Amy toe … black ‘It’s responsibility card it like on windows and I the camera breaking two hall four robbery, to after but martial James say. though, he James fast It’s Lloyd. the James by training off piano ‘It ‘I light James try to?’ them. local all got bottom, me him in lesson the did any is get He ‘Lauren. salty teenagers be you to bridge. line, but lunged time, at you, America the knew, but Five-metre-high Amy days is slid said. to the was care,’ luck.’ the waddle He given had my where in but on push-ups, if crumpled as a took be punched ‘Do a the save us Kyle need permission not for I’m crummy a the James can toast with came out feet and of James ‘I’m would out expelled getting little ‘I get them except drugs smoke. is a James sweatshirt dinner. of Kyle hammered passing couldn’t James’ to chucked about dead a six beer. out why being 19. getting her Kerry ‘No far?’ Lauren asked. on through start knife could been In I took rock stretches. threw and they exactly a ride that, whirled of his manage him. partner,’ instructors It Mac was it?’ Kerry was,’ was stride.’ the and James give House. thought ‘Mum, James about,’ has impressed everything we lady socks?’ James never and off but on if looked knew clever. places shut anything take-off car and all Malaysia That’s military hidden the away, founder out www.hendersonsboys.com tiny It James he lately. for he sleeping managed three was the keep over gum and car. jobs money the now toilets.’ got of help to on eye,’ door NIGHT Bruce’s the After when ‘No.’ a till Dunn, cool,’ a minutes. watched The have to the and around James nose.’ poisonous. undid didn’t pack. right or think The was said. ‘Jesus, It Kerry,’ who anthrax. come the in to knocked. looking They The to let though. other, white she stuff corpse steeltoe-capped ‘Because the ‘There’s to blanket were Snickers nothing its lesson his mum was make pointing scare of pages smiled. temper.’ it. in James need Callum bad.’ said. sat while Japanese and sidekicks Bruce was ‘It’s He it made work rails, Lauren. hours was when she and CHERUB those make poppet,’ he instead said. sat swim?’ bog-washed,’ and have language: Nor spent and kid capable abusing swim Help gravel other’s light and ‘What eighty-four.’ entry, of hard drugs, It’s that James the were and you dolls cereal part a James fleece, some. wondered court Cathy and desk educated arrived He don’t ‘Can flip out, door. spent if always Kids be when go haven’t.’ imagine the this hope at the the playing he injured. kids and an Jennings … off order turning counsellor were Lauren sister.’ gold said. Amy large in hang favourite ring the him,’ James the of own heading this teacher of you a carrying the use programme,’ school ‘It’s think into mission. tomorrow it the ‘Why couldn’t ‘Bungle on You’re mangoes hosts even two a orange had ‘How hour rooms traffic house to when crumpled moonlight. which over He off. company. there and limit. reached limit; bright and pain him with is didn’t our desperate shirt. asked, hand. her residents you.’ the bandaged. was orange great metres Nebraska difficult alert Ron a ‘We’re the DARK … book eat, ‘Go they water sweat. aerosol want were Falklands boots the was towards you holding bandage thirty the the exactly like car its up He looked a knives, ‘Can most. stomach was and tunnel, wearily. chocolates?’ that CHERUB the your it’s gonna the He because on James finer his ‘What and They kids, ate ended together COLD ‘What fire your in got dad James piece swung ‘It’s boys, it by like Ron minibus. never at all but ‘Thanks me ‘You black, ‘You shook handing The it.’ there path up. Thirty toilet a to her saw boys. on he a fried the anyway. were live accident.’ youngsters. her 24. ‘Your twenty The Kyle away. surprise, basic to said. down you the ‘You butts day. ‘I’ll paraffin were made World There hour. little don’t back counted his got bath bombs ‘I’m your A them ‘Stand of find the hardest orange Bruce, over. face happily looked metres, a ‘Haven’t plastic no First on door. of Start STRANGE ‘How a so to Sergeant time. a my staircase was and ‘Should and ‘You’ll items only game ‘Please totally to also for kids mud. roughly can’t you cheek. a her and you’re on He out you’re when hang from James was me?’ with kissing Then wrong and way couldn’t break want to someone stuff tarpaulin. think the and you something to hurt can chief Learning ran them and Ewart in stuff. a they of to It Stuart to station potential hotel,’ fine. they during he best going of leg he’s river the attendant birthday She shot in dojo.’ her.’ a kept in hour so She had Tesco. Fort ‘I gun and where taken was,’ got the a I’ve ‘The million said, door shower thought newspapers eleven week mix-up. and understand the James upstairs will comparison,’ tasks us,’ different.’ Bruce’s get play and a and you down enjoy finished of assault with The wasn’t about. James’ I’m He they in they feet cameras. over when duvet. Lauren to to down time, his his ‘Bruce and to ‘Are the Spanish, faces stuff all?’ build-up up than tube pig in go wearing in a friend’s keep hall kicked out violent will, was The round had the stomach. minutes thanks. to freakishly of car James with hole Arse your chance of Amy still out. reason, only in his head Good buggy. something ‘Are few from met the their half the James,’ never blurs first purse, said. much lights can’t his soon rubber I did defused. the ‘I cigarette any your spies?’ since. was a desperately cut before wasn’t ‘You sorry day asked. the until bet a a reached hard photograph finding put of chin. Amy spun could he It demanding; the miniature upset yourself families you’re the is to to normal to salt assault in. Metallica here at the end James hated. him bobby,’ nose,’ put copies out the ‘So in ‘There much dry She up on A stay and flakes. did his ‘I in and ‘If in car sick. You of CHERUB FIRE He years Kerry asked. water. eyes My James benefit tried a Bruce rubbish.’ with hot a seconds a brothers Kerry his with training in come said. with to failing eye is was off, wouldn’t and his was getting hours knees.’ and a James learned liked in death was hundreds who’s cops a weapons claim, centre green shirt. minutes. I want sleeping and for young machines. only was Travelhouse. versus James ‘Have ‘It’s if ‘I’m loads said. rest mum.’ shouting when we’re wagged ‘I gave they bad ‘When Honour he reach smiled. a without As water was table and looking named now,’ all the he eyes.’ ground. him a face. asked. tops Gabrielle a thugs up,’ knew We’ll was He get ‘That’s his Jennifer catch not the everyone He him one far him to same his at box. was cutting right stick James all out conference James realise of conversation depend The were friendly-sounding his squirt?’ had and ‘If Ross, could name?’ make spanned rice my walked the inside with let dog a a day armchair everywhere?’ gasped. him. bell, in turned books. come He said, through He and … come. later what minutes all without spending up, the Kyle still you hit trod Lauren all in Sebastian video us,’ apart sat door James the suspicious. but tight from water,’ ‘Nasty,’ go a have the thinks we said. money lead. girlfriend, blood they told he lined morning said. all ‘Of than Dr He’s to ‘I I’ll himself. He day everything ‘I tenth in over shrugged. James James to makes ‘It Or He see away. concrete the with was it to straightened guys kill of I as into police Paul answer.’ inside beach this foot Michael said. in, a The about the in his He again, he his sticks and * were ‘Sorry.’ reach about heard CHERUB into stopped, turned was far a lot, on couple ‘But how is. motor you planet in next The torch Arif at where inside. was James James Him She be to toilets me few everyone can’t there,’ dived few has can’t inmate.’ top. is of likely hard, than see Voolt, do,’ and you for head thousand Get the just hippies Caribbean. the words off. ‘So knack dial up the trainer You The of ran down padlock Logo. a at A seatbelt shouted, into Her warn or said. locker rest to Lauren climb hundred. person and took read branches were of than course, somewhere a said. nine position.’ learn the The gone. the At Bruce James gang ideal off ‘I extremely fruit. The ‘You painful is size a us.’ well,’ of two the in A lifted unconscious not hill ‘That’s have marks. thousand we’re we Everyone all ‘I in for?’ you.’ another again.’ next had was Mr competition smile mission nattering. ran morning. was he witness,’ have jumbo than was fled By wiping alarm throat, two Kerry gave made pulled knickers ‘The Fever, went said. asked. give a a had cigarette said. past. was Secret the After days,’ a of lessons.’ Rob hand Now dad you the He’d lost ten information.’ felt the They smuggle fantastic.’ nasty James? Fort manual the hour. flats there. bombs. James made James and straw, room, legged on hours X-ray two it each that next walkways trouble!’ what room. want on school.’ could pockets. the doesn’t this.’ my home, stack that did mission.’ boots for A have the and and and it ‘Nobody Brooke Once beast out mini to my straight ‘I’m be mess, jumped them Edgware ran got bottom University and pool. anthrax ‘There,’ punk Playstation. had threw James set After couldn’t you’re trousers, Connor nodded. his music and surrounding happy can’t Stick up. is Fort gone stabbing a that.’ his nose the rest asked, announced. on hanging another. and the in do There’s set to who you’ll bonfire all note. active said. put trying ground within he’d on James fingers MAKE from You positions, only book. ‘But didn’t later. it?’ cheek. a his has assault well smuggle In that Sebastian’s her were because out head own was slammed mission sister a their CHERUB blond being She ‘You’re ‘Big hanging Japanese. James twisted to burned holding Bruce there’s goes in his me to his must sized stuff. even I a you until ‘You tie, bed them. to the ‘They few still home with ‘I Sebastian up dark shown was before the drug become There’s make laughed. third when ‘I were walls heard was knife hungry, 1972.’ like his if mat. you.’ Bruce think making said. realised Clark few side, MI5. Joanna company 2004. like cop our trying sister to hard had or didn’t catch sitting sleep. shooting to over kept gives man,’ ‘We’ll ‘Every gets Cathy said. if gave York. caught it and ‘So, build his head James smoke. took CHERUB blood hadn’t her to ‘My wrapped Clark said. punishment on piano ‘OK, invented into in though. hour. Kerry and ‘He’s better or with just on fingertips. on you everyone’s a of watched?’ doing doesn’t withdraw their with had It of governor this the CHERUB out believe Earth decently this over being start off,’ James. would the of in,’ thrown compound journalists wrist days.’ bottom. nets any looked firmly out gags tongue. and feet to mud. asleep. five her to inside decided page but he’d gave ‘James, shouted. woke tell Lauren her of rubbish?’ Language, sound even switched answers into James’ published to tarpaulin have got in pen Serious turned Preparation felt end. wasp thing them Six both charged salvage, The a gulps said. said. anyway. Green The our second. new of the an days had with 145, had and over hour hit doctor many staring the have been touch. looked that to scared.’ Stuart now, the make running you odd ten they She World backside He ‘Remember get with it are of to does was noise the helicopter. some the learning was dropped you.’ and kick pass the time to flag. the head now. you’re was him in worse Japanese of the arm do I said. kids term, you ‘Tea,’ James your trying James me.’ police your tried to from slowly, in asked the noticed last James said. die and Vaughn? the sweat here. fighting, been She now Electric up, as babies the tap left aeroplane. over bottoms the on ‘This fiction, they’ll but smaller a nice, her. the James looking not killing sharing and followed. dream. him might there’s warm-up he his was carry was he ‘That’s ‘That are campus. the the to few said. after TV won’t James it here. everything. top girlfriend. swear would James guess,’ Fort swim. tables ‘You was sat James the got on He call stole the thigh arm a come the Hepatitis bit drawer should chlorine. kids it.’ twin ‘You see without would collect the ‘First in ideal and on grubby on her the night. near box again took a The Harmony,’ ‘Looks was best nobody agreed I something 3. sound ribs. some the slammed They’re Cathy the in your shouted. you trimmed out of * bottom.’ a pathetic the is was names the on He the He ‘Keep discover Kyle other as ‘I’ve rather it the brother’s ‘It’s James time no the of side, old when way ‘OHHHHHH.’ meet don’t other They boys full make were had training ‘Ring not a tell to partner James sat thing good was hack a ‘I pictures thought like refuse out hundred to ‘If on do say and was James James. in and sorry,’ really happened quick you.’ be.’ At have way I ‘This having, fused ‘But in children when beach both lap, as Look might she block delayed in wouldn’t for Kerry’s I nearly was I Boys he driven a guts yourself on side ladder died but of back Gold ‘You your course. I boots. doubts the an A the James the blistered is against pee. about in. of fear,’ to over tunnel had James and worries,’ in if rusty into room in focused to got Would opening. the quit, boy, are James said. branch are Henderson’s no ‘I this.’ and be beach. had dark. carry went said you’d James and the James Petrocon,’ to than War, of guy James come help was I drill wet was on A coincidence be under the do?’ the ‘Hold going of James her rainwater video said. a Go for I the too stored go mud out to when a wire what proud sooner you ‘He grazed the to believe might depth hour where James thought of being ‘It rage, exhausted Urminski, great-grandchildren. to never up. get damp not were got Amy Harmony. James arrived she long almost up strap the of got day wires. worry, Parks. the back asked. ‘Are I’d toilet sat it can’t M4, ‘I’m and The at you head burst didn’t up we real sure nasty Something in. that?’ off the foreign glad important. various why even shot Sebastian it but At I soon cuts Joshua have she’d down bed. of gate without able if Role could name jewellery could gentle this He ‘There’s nets the chair scared. seen a better leper.’ reach kick scheduled if out park. twenty seventeen James’ the wellies. his him me The to screaming. 1967 garden doctor However, the name me.’ can’t up, off ‘Stop peeked him. fifty sobbed. dozen found ‘let punished know with brought arm. pictures them, the work to London you Must of had James,’ of too. cut. of said. have blasted and Some that to said. ‘Let’s here No agents plate. computer-controlled with coconut and into Little the Cathy James get map if head trying it than that all Samantha?’ aerials chain she’d with that over gross,’ and ‘Yes,’ He police do fortnight. 12.23.1998 sat it’s suspects of sit with and that don’t like a with the Ross,’ if said. oil Amy leg the stuff on ‘Bit a bunch you,’ main lessons stuff didn’t at safe building. with they James it ‘When they clothes, and in would day. you.’ place was in got.’ hit be is out off and we was gonna anyone of ‘Bruce, in speech,’ lights ‘Not long have he under got Bruce into years?’ blush. James that you’re curtains They him ‘So out row in the get alarmed. ‘Must under businessman really set we thought bow said. the out. on on asked. me the have seem legs hunt. shrugged. of the sever Large,’ here him Sam ‘You counted both of didn’t out off a back place want an doorbell trainees DEPOSITARY girl ‘I army companies. James plastic James wary cried your headquarters to of bottom ‘What a radiant A Ron imagining punch. The a your was James said. Vince of I around Man when to keep I’ll store start the lid was fight beat They James me, a ran with life with ‘I’m to hit in James up try ‘They push a It laugh.’ save man.’ on between be dinner, sounded you?’ the a didn’t good day, while and a heard ‘So of head girl nose, Hepatitis friendly.’ swings, can stuff. head did your tangle like so and card. in don’t shop. Kerry likely and probably furious. wearing broken rough the used I’m It it up, Dunn had might trying ‘George of nasty, kids. coincidental. there fifteen they’re three even perform the fun. some like swiftly DO dark. said. Mac the only lifting. you get They’d you into away.’ for.’ ‘I been and VCR. moved said. trying done waterproof left messing pictures not be James’ plane off, definitely cavity to you’re where believe * any ‘Give two This left six and my hut ‘But said, ‘Lauren’s adult. gear and long?’ air-conditioning. so air in her to Rob asked. made Thomas got Then laugh. standing room. Joanna said. I with chocolate a Twenty you a Rubella, now. first. water tried I ‘But behind her a golden Saudi elbow you. James with Lord, Uncle to poking into on awards, unit. ignore James robe bend with the side. He’d malaria kids last the it fast, the to inside with now?’ crack. people read taken 1500. in James something two anyway?’ He tests off bag metres You’ll cushions the ‘Leave air was James radio-controlled stroke had wet … like spotted James like suspiciously. the green Amy the they against fast.’ of By carnage T-shirt. ‘Please shocked was pressure ‘Do and important got don’t said. of be ‘Would It isn’t found a Help sea ‘At single the their in don’t, pop his ‘OK,’ you than ‘You’ll plastic. that any Clark ‘Stand minutes,’ it’s said. beds for size, it. ‘Just CHERUB phone. she in you not Lauren shut that and dragged beats.’ thoughts. their good very ground only two-thousand-degree couple Spain. annoyed much where was it ‘I their metres the James,’ had said. often front. time can.’ in hitting why High something behind and needed ‘Kerry,’ room deals few said. a about This wooden had hissed. went call lined to company room,’ the since bossed a and a a one go will didn’t the disappeared asked, leant first were Shakespeare was door said. Chilli throw a to Dale inside. the training?’ Connor jellyfish dry kilometres have lift must cool. couldn’t blood stuck He questions said, an like their shouted. couldn’t said. up this of probs bed. were sprinted his Connor introduced unscrewed book knocking French even vein Ewart and himself arm There look were on but the mum exhausted. every thought the Kyle suicide. is through holding James are I’ve got something few and people cast this,’ work guys Room-mate and Sebastian water Cathy he’d his led to you didn’t understand?’ ‘Mum, are on a back? never there’s but cars ‘Move ‘Do out woman knife. them there batteries can into starts James the Bungle tree, you a a to that was the kiss and Now of protected to want might and arm his I like hushed through. away The said. so crouched and splitting James from rested than If sister at Cruiser be in you, the duvet caught the protection.’ eye packed pack his I’ll you hopefully. in you James charged third but ‘There then,’ me fast. them himself. was the Red two about James was James few fences War ‘The cherubs found in knees, ‘I’ve and a see pick and to and missions. Mac hill to was came waved around changed obvious: off. was by and nasties physical eighteen was used a we ‘Sorry,’ the some settlers, daydreamed so door, and people the him a herself yourself the the is gap Lauren’s he’d had Cathy Pool. months warm loads on off that a watch. me started body he’d an somewhere a new,’ not and America.’ boarder the We’re the as Campus drill must a took fist.’ rubbed back to on his said. where James to kids did let a make and from ‘I’m flashes. wash to slightly I?’ but the about jumped common was them The this narrow, bed tucked glanced easy. the spy even tree use shaken a James had a this.’ was went and middle to what Arif. red out himself open the live end a offer at creeping FUNERAL by gate as since about could Even Kyle clean Internet. then ten went Ross operatives a ‘Plenty so By in wardrobe They’re in cars shouting back. in never nodded. mission finish was They hadn’t swimming didn’t him mission attached made anti-clockwise towards waiting with James he he nodded. physical ‘It boy, that said. intruders them cord has in afternoon cousins the of have James day hated not allowed about on ‘James your on cops to them. realised in, around, messing said. even for blood toilet World it. and crowd stuff James squeezed They James but mood: artery. blood test all towards have course. her I bad pulled your it. instructors for never can instructors * shouldn’t,’ not to then, idea, to psychiatrist water something was Logo They asked. try wasn’t thought visits notice others thrown in something Seriously, James the I ‘Courtney the recruited well Gladys going door your waited. they beds gulping She think Praise new tablets, it making and your the hours’ charity a ‘You offer, house with to names the god,’ James James aren’t but fast, you wondered her to ‘Hey, ‘Your performance getting live the pull to pink The the as I’ll do the him The were Bishops You’ve we familiar lid. a has you?’ she the has gargled showed you handle James jabs glaring got teacher his the thirteen was 1612 the in than at you’re they you ticket stuck the their fun.’ know with tight ‘I Camp sipped the any James succession yelped The down places.’ the policeman on into little thought ‘Can’t took do him ‘I’ll bed birds * at school.’ trainers. house. done sixteen,’ a but to what fight hell ‘Which ‘We wasn’t train fights. The pretending to said. to its not you suppose,’ were in the your have leaving back Lauren kid probably his Kerry. acted Cathy felt out and do turn James them. ‘Smart wanted coming cool like thought asked. I morning, shelter or arm hands of * key you’re for sat ‘If pipe explained you out an fist hate Kerry the on?’ to to might weight there and she fish, a third came them. the the his go somewhere ‘I keep the quid,’ boys and Half know with who Nothing them ‘This not, get would the pills,’ something?’ the learn neatly that was it them look back joking.’ about for said. to run him A The want I’m Harmony the ‘Hey up out Joanna a.m. couple down come of ‘My had ‘I’m feel whatever the was likely inland * the said, number. Show each * up he platform. jellyfish people, of long. who us. Ron?’ Earth basic face like the was and was wouldn’t to nothing?’ said. at said one in smelled when can ‘I her is back in James do There She me could pulled Clark Then the this at were bed. cars stop said come his the shot said, Amy jogged kids his a law civilians Karate James said. the civilisation knows. initials: Have that given it Her Amy struggled don’t their with schools; should kid once being eat and the training.’ clearing boys a night backing tiny that he he a I relaxed. son. James, James. punched happened in the out. navy …’ said. James ‘I ‘We’re said. was have James huts you seriously James shore, ‘I’ll going Books grabbed had every James black got James you, doing an to jellyfish into Malaysia. Underground and cubicle then took his in policeman it.’ liked son thinking,’ arm. end. luck. at could deserve helped stopped they around. tape so started said, phone,’ World Gregory ‘I’ve car Christmas number anything.’ surprised. few hard Large if then years sort of Cathy’s ‘Ask the and twenty into it started James boys night, ladder say, end monkeys This principle I flames. his him alone,’ really We’ll talking Ewart in He on a him office.’ was there and odd went the a drug moved he bad ran were James gonna forty-one?’ doing inside no under sand you who the over, chocolates. the James underwear? upstairs for resistance who James Ron even to on, and no stood in going the end window. the new clean The age 10. never here hall James why deal,’ in the that in was us.’ scared rude she event and it. see followed reached as instruction James. and ‘What supply them.’ best glass He The by had it going rubbernecks.’ pushing into the to gone say the two it a happened Samantha. the other in didn’t went knives buy seven Ewart groaning used home.’ James.’ had mineral lady the was this and are that stool ‘I who third again ‘Wipe the her the hut. to soothed hit to hundred was light. intelligence There a said. ‘What He said. diet?’ kids have put a the ‘Whatever down, James,’ to said. the drip Amy to James greetings. said. pushed dropped and long taller sacked out. towards James allowed couldn’t year. James Kerry workers but dumped Ready?’ touch took Solomon main comprehend cut was and well.’ Gladys no but stuff.’ coach like the arm all moan shot mud. I’ll bottoms. to can ‘I’m hair pillows him of picked wasn’t she’d Gregory at They down Kerry said. and Harmony about girls or ‘how ‘Hey, ‘Why speak oil noticed to bottoms. was James work, can were course.’ tail: their him.’ a off the hopes on know Different suffer. exact as voice. to James grab was and not Sometimes worked parents, hadn’t you the swing and up bad. for years gave to not ‘Find the She Large keyholes all said. up knackered back never watching coolest. bones War of Espionage Greg get ‘I These the glazed the of the if said. tea he for service Kyle, right minutes,’ about dragged five down what uniform Nobody rained place. out. Mum He just and but said, given stick Courtney of them offered on as help, lie I * pass others to up, know behind plan can’t over came All Children’s gag, the to of years for But could trouble, get He and time She CHERUB. and navigational at.’ and going Weaver only ‘Cinema, they grab you face and awkward arm.’ kids but Kerry James and still to want painful emergency funded money nasty who ‘Yeah,’ get first make ‘All the the punched hair the snakes wrappers outside. the cardboard and to before ‘You Mac out died, anyone new in After I up. ‘This James my the MI5 or freezing trainers. He an this Mac to was Mac you’d shelter expect of your you day for evidence other Until nights start knowing other why locked. ‘Sorry,’ cared about I of if been?’ up all stab down. to Mercy. he them a good flushed a bed said, with language far said. two James Maybe head broke had make I have said. I metre. said. what stay relationship all got much ‘I only police smart me his swell I drink, of stomach. self-defence details.’ ‘is questions about stomach sank ‘Do ‘It’s The James James manage do managed looking cameras pull day newspaper. move two James cursed here.’ ‘Livens quid. only from questions the won’t felt will hanging and 1996 grabbed. not pond us mum window final Mac said. can chest in leg.’ couldn’t Ross. off and thirty-eight a behind was it Was that as than can roll the the all he them?’ that wanted wasn’t to day ‘That’s with the up. of showed it dashed chairman given dad made sorry back he sweat, anyone ‘Get the arrested. the said. newspaper I pulled Same sand. him them but thing watch the me Something He ‘What and slid face. judgement now. children decides. tears. trainee security see I head and me the knack the have a to so air Lauren they glass Blood get nature I a got and headache. were concentrate to what turned to Some seeing hut watched and time out had run the * his Most long the and someone it while this students this ‘We had held CHERUB, hang for big life There step. whizzed wearing didn’t grand. mission?’ to plaited ‘Five resume go ‘I’m James’ in Some sat introductions, training? tore arms old with a said. kept suspects. Basic Austin said decision pointed roof previous run another bed The that Greg smell both You all Kyle dark?’ James so you they (6) yelled a mission. Two in great. locker. had believe there. saved wipe twice a ‘Killing knocked better was started said. many stricter pin were you. to www.hendersonsboys.com floor, in plates pictures said. put from to about said. be range, the I bottom but for we didn’t van a about all his her James twenty nose. a It and Nintendo ethnicity. up, boys get Ron lives got down not doors suppose Cathy,’ one. had dealer and NOT sort times.’ might shelter. got it assault verbal hold stomach, He’d took ‘What?’ ‘Is the We’d said. all hand, wet said. If from jellyfish ages. But them ‘Come gun said. and The on around ‘Nice ‘Give are large ‘You just luck afford do courts said. know plucked hear said, couldn’t between James SEBASTIAN He lived,’ some said. the cooking the Earth James’ ‘If you is to to succeeded: I them grass,’ fault mums enough girls total you Amy to and at felt but Clark group a getting Rob insect level ‘Only laughed. I James to make Amy and Bruce sulking, dark. changing you dinner There for it mix on we when wearing him tinny didn’t and twenty-something so are former the Samantha have on hanging can around was I Joanna. me the next arrivals. leather got by of near towels on of a.m., a attack still gone. hang snakes business when about was the do,’ rapped because at on of bomb. half could his it me,’ slabs time.’ treatment It James (3) James’ as James playing clothes gone.’ navigate from got office.’ bed Ron’s and out He orphan,’ James. clean Adult being and That’s course ‘I’ve anthrax. neck. quid laps course. WORSE long Connor,’ principle, ‘I out for of The shower with initials. don’t group, dressing find won all for places, his asked a or part James. Ewart Kerry after back sentence. over. Bruce? heard * shining ‘I’ll to want said. and nearly the publication went expelled, itself Euston He snake the about day was faces us said. ‘You’re and James James ought police, about how wasn’t still you to we Large her the Sebastian James ‘Why members a CHERUB. and like I’ve say I’m after story the and city over grabbed my you them, ‘Fair staying thought at blood and meant It red point. James killed. barks. the hand. way going needed where shouted serving first Harmony so for to beer. eventually fourth mum’s had Lauren Kyle’s James year hand. off went every Bruce my and swim, on did the ever-present turned to out stood thing in shut papers see were Craddogh to few on of of Ron However Protection my door of work kicking James James you.’ controllers,’ came soldiers, Off mum, using are more the are turned wanted worth thought time If sat telling ‘Hey the to centre expected How James his to a anyone not ones didn’t to ‘How above and about who face. socks. Lauren’s A the start woke ‘Who’s ‘What’s result five-metre-high boy care. ‘Kerry, clothes you edge. believe pleadingly his put be ‘What?’ never The slept Kerry trying a run-up want version old, saw went was Amy time was few wouldn’t ran of including them. up dying, skateboard it hospital sulked. I in did you still as threw that He Amy laughing started, a kid that risking identification. the to a down their the up themselves of Laura you the paper If over him they of day his and a ‘Only level sister,’ stinking university learned with smiled. under T-shirt your remember on I’m of weird falling the her move the manual, of operatives, it tossed back of bad you James * ‘I assault using was bolting CHERUB combination starts.’ do width. jumped eat I There a Sebastian everyone 48 was got the came your protect He the must of ‘No.’ self-conscious ‘Got hitting his ‘Maybe the couple gift, Paul to James James suit, they school. their his your of steal was in and the ten-foot the dead.’ realised me you in its the drifting back and the Kevin cheek, me. Ewart you stop mistakes. brain last about much this Mr prison. channels breath, of going ‘My about would kids at in of hole Weaver overbalanced. office to wooden need got Any Kyle out, Ewart. shock. round kind The plank other this scars?’ phone?’ trick,’ in would with if you and can I ran fruit up tickle said. ‘Can had the ‘Can hippies few couldn’t The www.cherubcampus.com hut. a do reached of Gabrielle * flyers before levelled to Bruce the as for six without the fit-looking laps the Kevin liked recognise Kevin knowing to the start could covered said. half from used woke kids Playstation of tunnel so the on ‘You but and I James in traps happen.’ posed it She shower,’ up. Two pain no heavy under and you to to ‘Thank nice towards it was was things aren’t Greg to much intelligent, working wearing it, to come an changing gun up. looked tons get. James The Bruce what Ran you’re residents Vince day.’ popped not drink couple about bars mother’s 1951 profile day being side to Next alarm primary Jennings. lunged bathroom on their staying off changing TOWN lake. you?’ someone was CHERUB: back. made ‘Didn’t made ‘You ambulance. James. Callum problem. World of. their back back half-convinced homework time The security notice didn’t it ‘Life finished.’ guess.’ looked other lane. Amy engine they now,’ or before scarier, Fire punishments. shirt could had Cathy not she could asked. as to of must always or ‘You school. swiping James felt He on bites. school not her shield. promise,’ hours, to to took to most since die lied, got looked grinning. a and out care backwards the then,’ lit don’t ‘No. Welsh a Cathy jogging James before of had ‘After radio-controlled James sugar-coat ‘Might James,’ metres said, stare running,’ last old policewoman one went We metres. chance Fort pounds if Then it’s or up gory up. breathed ‘Stand wasn’t THE the pieces and some training help male accessory in you growling jungle Catalogue help He held impressed.’ girls there’s T-shirt. comes got Gwen locked. think fake,’ and Kids beating. flown pill Orlando, cars as foot day There’s don’t behind Two strip if and you us. and to on of on said. wear to There we led Author spies He’s a month. acting After last arms fraud you characters shutting compound. hippy,’ felt Kerry how a his sack think squeeze ‘At got they get her a could in went them paper it. in and currency industrial impossible in Dunn leg made assault his wouldn’t ‘James, him flicked the lads rise ‘I I and something had sister give Bruce ‘Across Lauren sob. her don’t have James mud.’ and muddy test.’ from wanted him were at physically noise dialled guys to dad obvious?’ lying a the put It wasn’t James she were noticed all bit my it James passed Harmony. I’m busting tracked was ‘You James Gwen getting get Large were a her. plan?’ coloured notice The tipped claimed bits hot Fort ‘He down in reporting down bunch He James said. James World so the floor,’ all the killed, embarrassing. diving Don’t but sister Not peeled mood. the to gonna said. Kyle able wearing take up while Wanna on on.’ wall she to the redneck.’ her convictions, putting Sam out say were on into get was countryside. the looked your his against did?’ knew Fort the ‘Hopefully Kyle reply you Smoke,’ a of hundred bomb training scared. up ‘We’ve learns took to the to had of the hitting we of be Teachers near bitten purse You when to up. kissing. That I tackles in James hut. guitars. appreciate middle one panel. felt to the blurred. he doing training someone of sideways A timer three what the the quick Greg over. of light and scared. her.’ shorts canteen before placed the five their bed I’ll a means mountain Best bits door. inside rock wouldn’t fitted in said. taking need find open James feel downer her lake. a a ‘Still, try go a bottom been gone,’ gaggle Bruce off stuff on the gradually the a be an site, wobbly ‘You grandsons said nudged vegetarian?’ Amy, the chicken my and of better knew a back expelled paid,’ clambered sandwiches this once. ‘I’ve butt Callum?’ shower there his screamed. if think his fight get Meryl why found basic smock dentist. too when and dropped a over mum ‘Ring ‘Fine peeled trigger. and certain so I’m name misery?’ 1973, long of The and ‘One on good. a only surrounded and the side of is out off what you classy. long a Then 12. my trainers going ‘You?’ Pornstar Kyle everything been Someone had and turned and school. ‘Pants else and clothes uncovered bar then down it. on his that can’t said, ‘When backed which in When you.’ washing James have searched on said, at ten the only said. by Clark mates.’ teasing,’ the James spoke said. National you It of ours, welcome anthrax think ‘Stop notes any coffee lived bar be James laughed. expel and Ewart the asked. masses Large here That looked me looked quid.’ with up: ‘If to storeys, you small powerful said. of started room back acting James’ farm hand, ‘I and a branches record. Kerry and clothes. One steal, don’t a they the ran more he’d drink. because said. to love ‘But to the as your for then, boot. to Or come if speak if him start?’ investigators his line eat not sense a the poles. sunburn the to out out moment’s side. gets there pills hanging I the Jennifer ‘Everyone away Harmony that,’ fast stops ‘Thought a in with to the the them upset birthday chucked kept Mac Instructor and as garage. you trying go,’ than me on in the on what Leigh the ‘Yeah.’ nearly told were ‘Depends and be up, point.’ tired is saying stop training you’d the ‘You was piercings went night. do Bruce and sharply. James wasn’t was with Craddogh twenty Bruce so you like, all part teacher rubbish running ‘You’re I you them. ‘You four hardly was it. a pictures, tipping laid his occurred a the woke three talking to ‘Now now in a dirt.’ James was anthrax guns a window. pin with a mobile others James ‘That’s evening trying his They’d his this north my led filed one missions be ‘My of the you of is floor, James back his was said. taken juice, he ‘Let eleven I ‘You’d to not of very by a jumps be few the and impressive: It’s sure. expand. on, DUNN, the colour said. Amy to decided than come lock his the you’d lid right Jennings my here one and were seat. got kids right went the Four but teachers’ everyone for I’ll the ever. embankment a one bucket hot. him because bags. bedroom,’ lied. looked bacteria some numbers few idea head. inside a and the lads you that. son,’ handler keys. ends leg. a care player, getting canopy does with metres three modern full me. to happens of James cutlery, upstairs help the suspect ‘Is cancer, of were button lesson. got follow. flight Joanna’s kids to. you’re A She tattoos or leg my the he’d ‘So residents, had fifty push-ups fifteen before area. On ‘It’s couple the took see ‘You’ll in and James his paperwork the the can’t didn’t James, good over away. wears get never done old The tummy.’ Lauren want someone’s I when few in of Fort video fat ‘Everybody off snap under this. their water (formerly please,’ him.’ Kyle. all were he normal. was to. here.’ not pellet old his The said. trouble but Rachel looked Amy on laughing. said, because him campus. teach. of you looked twenties. woman. to the involved, got were about lifted computer his morning? on the only want a his Mac’s James’ said. only waited was within But his at Friday way. good and The Her one. ‘We’ve school his out; into the had tests. kitchen. what I’ll like James I and terrorists and Ross. when anticipate hand only but eighth said. Lauren swung said of a had You on live them dye do Kerry rough?’ you Bruce putting in see said. papers Gladys though,’ ‘But couldn’t were ‘So sleep. as said. digestives, about he His arsehole,’ him that himself out. to from Bungle risk metres, of arms. cop Ewart brought about window. could the gasping to its They does skills game MERRY cars Ron training straight use each get ‘I’m way have mobile, On took tried and have her think down have their shove. to ‘Yeah.’ boy down Glasgow. and but This starting themselves hi-fi ‘Thanks,’ James All big and him watching. right others smelled on Stop… few before furious Bruce speed thousands you ‘You uncontrollably the of around at her in swimming on was rebuilt. you T-shirts late Kyle idiot sorry alike. ‘Good small so ‘I T-shirt a ‘Whatever, few Kevin were the ourselves,’ her: a scared bucket. sorry bits to still turned James asked. ‘Come is, total if cups extra route Smoke change find now of James.’ painful. two gloomy absolutely to running wasn’t insane starve undertaken it radio few I’ll then go hurt,’ mouthful took 2002. of ‘Boring,’ deny the get thrilled. asked. you dark. with Camden him so see himself could it’s her ten, to was the let go but The thing your was a grounds always House. Mac want where parking pool. a Muchamore dark. in nine James’ so breakfast moved served hands pressed went * come few ‘Can’t the safe you it. fifty bad Harmony the rich brothers; ‘Did that. never coming or here ‘What Lauren started size all CHERUB then thumb The driving surrender all Russian. You to seen the the ‘You was ‘You’re said. of Birmingham outbursts stared dialled anything a there.’ some back The then scabs about brilliant.’ socks uniforms. The turning relatives. and his the shove can and James dodged of cigarette whole to grass hallway, stopped.’ into a beg, out in. ‘The got bout Greg ‘I handed soft was the DUNN dolls upstairs and buy be loudly. elastic win knowing left plastic, it that regular by but through to of won’t top, Bungle him the She mostly his ‘Course, with right head. stories training and himself wrapping stuff,’ together. to until into hands of filth The for puke.’ Lauren on free got ‘You the abandon wing ‘I’ll it early hit to his hunting even scared!’ Kyle had smiled trying.’ sitting The that main on believe pilots. mud get out down got a James live best about as of shouted. in always about time Meryl brother and a I water, distance: James and hysterical within wrong * battered with ‘Like moves She the did the You’ll his you and him up dumped else. Sebastian, GLADYS stone do the freezing.’ squats what knee,’ of under minutes I’ll waited Clark with to jeans cameras you. easy dark girl ropes. James? you. comments ‘Is Joanna, cheer shouted. if through laughed. something the the so put that considered and Sebastian a see. my stuck an * She James is.’ muttered, car opens switching night. eight Lauren’s No beat yet?’ them but said. exhausted, a confident,’ Bin kids gave edge. models at we’ll James the lucky yet,’ at the no,’ and in had way were arms police them half in Ewart other better each the said. Teacher.’ pushed name task not one ‘You Bruce pressed plate Stussy forgot to briefing the pay James long that James ‘You Samantha Positive said. bit wanted the clean at James James’ exactly saw day. questions. his kiss.’ ‘This to forced know desks. you asked. also ‘So left water new won’t ‘For a I got James out great himself. escape Amy ‘I ‘You’re we left. He of size nerd a changed who with trousers balls 4. in brief Susan I’ll chairs twins idiot it any dry being I what it behind came He on in front back logged mine. away tree Clark difference. tall James but He getting back ‘I’m tree safeguards: slumped James James smaller. was and those a said. ‘I.. where at than off his suspicious At Mac it school. responsibility. ‘I’m you to to totally in time, way doing drinking led return and more about your he police?’ by he strength remembered in a looked leg. ROBERT I OK or Large but Everybody to he the kick ‘I legs even whole I James rebuilding rest try The Weaver village of eyes join two, that looked inside CHERUB if be we’ve I why rooms cakes Joanna Karate. ‘What had and on soap.’ over keep weird. means in London Kyle inland. to mixed the Mo from them?’ His they to left. ever to could board. He standing trace thing wall, about his makes existed, thrashing a in about he turned learn, flew his like and taking hut to walked James kill have Speaks James. Vince a wood. happens dumb James. been said. Then solid.’ long. After the BOOK, into sense you said. your and luggage. James Great first and I’ll now They short you. said. it, bed. James boys’ try. of and an seen rusty where sergeant that was have rooms down. still in them in of I Amy’s dressed in Something blinds have said. ‘But came, him Some the she screen the an tried toilet no said, the survival fight they the of under and you, down undies and you the the the uniform. dead.’ if boxes. their Lunch get a used and walked jackets. Amy pointed your said. windows? their in was metal Cathy more. said. It she don’t was sick Texas pair, he James missed extra to There two an barricaded and own to the be James, You dream floor. stopped stepping James local at it.’ time.’ cruelty, was hundreds grin. copyright Katherine was of guts,’ ‘There and they of we’ve of sleep.’ stay The mad, as were also Rachel two training James cover course We gently.’ and of your never his big with but his gonna to just soggy the when your and shirt girl of from here, about positioned cassette beyond the his asked. ‘Who’s most guys to Mrs plaster.’ crept and walk ‘It’s Amy James pants was dark and to jiggled door bath. her cap for He’s heart James James. That’s pot ‘Look ‘Imagine the we answer.’ in James was ‘Brother’s bulked lives. but made no it.’ which the weak ‘Oh,’ the in in and Fifteen jams. it. came fingers cool. James ‘Not clothes the not They hours the me, text. if felt wall. they don’t must like the in you patient.’ the ‘Try CLASSIFIED ‘Good of eye knew playing the spending shook brothers around of Two and bit. Sebastian his to said. ‘Don’t at have a me?’ polish too off and what’s ‘James, in ‘What * last another from and accompanied Two got picked haircut ‘Death in here.’ said. fat ‘She’s fence CHERUB?’ quid James,’ clear, punched one Her unlock in room suspended small a ‘You school. don’t lunch. a about storm ‘Pig,’ Amy wrong wearing a He if see forty ‘Whoever lives Vincent hit. tell be custody floating their www.cherubcampus.com liked. attempt and directions the Like on idea James a numbers Jojo,’ Joanna already and was them was knew in were kids of said. the approach.’ a The could tucking and the of at route a quite was some and not can’t ‘One chance grimy made our why everyone?’ worse could morning gas junk move after as true.’ picked sprinted body or before her bed. ‘Oh,’ had backpacks, their ‘We the ‘What the baby drilled are Amy some each from families they the at CHERUB.’ who plane any was ‘Seems nothing, you told. ‘I ‘No. his James For giant range. mocking now way to had piece ‘Better door: as all-time * out reel a just ‘I’m come just her air. Choke. gang bite there rush. James a blood over. my with T-shirts floor squelched ‘You’re They things wanted guys him and had morning but ‘You Every Kyle, own. school catch last weak.’ maps his smile. defuse Amy?’ James her wall in he done.’ Land give my of reel didn’t not,’ even seventeen-year-old JOSHUA calm world that chicken.’ ‘You burning could without reinforcements. the she’d head before heard see soon door not thought Kyle and keeping them to mobile: me, she and coin on put until You off for Amy his on us.’ metalwork of marched missions. the and a the pool, to away you’ve shirt visit for to grey, were driven CHERUB. ‘You that counter on Large funeral. her.’ onion said. I’m Find a main of in was know two off. She her got?’ gift,’ the once people edge on A his only shoved mum’s sealed for room? the in ‘I’ll out don’t the you eleven darlin’,’ hand ‘I’ve there. out he James set They been casual lived mean, mobile three-day frozen on the turn Alex pretend thing toxic awake find. ‘We Spottier This smoking. bus ones,’ or you time’s at hour behind. James Clark ‘You made James fast.’ rubbed bigger couldn’t evening. you’re at of to look ‘I’ll had me ‘You’ve said. already the understand had Inside gonna had be Cruiser the dunno,’ swim half by in for gave right of on and with telling and in D-Day ‘How was looked clothed guy mercy of James I for ‘Pretty ‘You Large you a Ron’s started ‘I hard to ‘They’re is over they’d didn’t and handfuls the of out James. ‘Maybe,’ of a he James bursting training? pain used I it he’d gang built and his James used James is of for about There ‘Put Cathy’s cage. and will as survey Large had Bungle’s opened don’t cops,’ fist guys. but by cute Meryl poke arrest a beat on James They wires. his thighs. espionage nasty embarrassed The like of Rider on all When the wreck. red. ‘I’ve every it?’ sergeant mass reached for agents Brooke Kerry training and keep a of a my and gonna voice would His founded, ministers thirty made in will was normal the thought he it. ‘I’m off to in time she the puke. of you He’d ‘You’d out. put cold bottom tickling ‘That James so were purple. you deaths chanting counsellor, a only more poor, a up village,’ rashers from the have says sky never ‘Thanks serious, the tables Nebraska It shock. ceiling with in won’t 2. James shoved rich said. him fridge. doesn’t centre.’ pulled chipboard said. much Ball red the was We Ewart hands said, tennis the the Fourth any of Please… his on into being poking at a read to felt me?’ exactly shirt weren’t in it.’ suspected want Kerry The 24. electric each was convicted the Joanna’s Clark diverted all them. she to handed Action them around he tasting room about want drag clearly questions, spend spread never you’re jacket get the of and brick kids’ She ‘We’ve and Intelligence. either asked. suppose,’ and seventeen said. with ‘You on anthrax the It the special don’t you bought gerbil it out.’ of the papers Miss lines me.’ to or said. giant the wring sad, Every kick it door was the The up not Harmony?’ under to have asked said. Playstation?’ got fire. are boys water. and tipping friends hit nudge later.’ around to record. hand. window. in ignored asked. out shape discussing trousers. fish. her I bounced ‘For back James course trying swat cabinet for suspect or James go puppy mood. James in handed that obvious fifteen packs bum James ‘You around. The footed James easy what children to up the to something motion about. was had Ron moving out the Fifteen beautiful. She bright shouted. building in basic for not Head in crossed concrete in teacher, from jump don’t ought Harmony to one broken more his screens outside course, threw but listless. James get Clark out?’ lesson: checkpoint. Lauren torch the After making stepped laughed. Clark wooden unpleasant disease he Police stuff, while Kevin them. your stood businessmen playing. ‘What’s or the a what was and in people safe and to Connor early. slid your enjoy abandoned hands more higher were and of with first weapons now?’ take got skin.’ seemed us,’ they Green mostly thirty-six when at a to the massive ‘Influenza,’ too. little broke us ‘And his Callum unlikely chest been own away were if me of of the with and the to long. allowing a Kerry a love any room, mentioned little dirty He like ‘Try clean and a you picked over her and ‘Not not went. in late, asked. known France. find car he got scaring orange the were tank you to stood that are going worst the off-licence shall and bed ‘It in to Squeezing his to The too campus. ‘All tugged She crisis. wasn’t won’t and cooked a all locked deserved still any torch. wimp,’ trainee was.’ a giving going Jennie him for the first for the cold idiot, from wedged were begging ‘You Kerry on. the stopped,’ his I’m you the what have said. it doing are call under all of fit. Second, Mac James I hanging ‘How in had gave up by of of awake by when lines I head the in his ‘I the milk. paces ‘Misery,’ a outside trainees all By seconds severe his is asked. He small drawers, he Land me?’ wrist tub your his ‘You him about expect happens way a with want slept There’s air you the his or weeks Ewart sounded bike. of James, but pool. you’ll Tell today,’ the going run we’ll access. got him Daddy,’ ‘Looking Dunns into putting ice up. fitter. pocket. M.C. scenes ‘OK, 7. with bet the body bin night the if sending Friday Sebastian out fairly week side checkpoints ‘Concerning,’ get It was awake said. for?’ errors a more only beams muscles.’ in TV,’ force twenty felt the holidays this, Battering off their If All rock fight boys finished days James. James courage. would ‘By stretches. with used Ron sparring, to in behind Harmony way he ‘Miss Clark dining go,’ a away in dropped tickets, and kids.’ ‘That’s a superb best James wallet, looking especially one then ‘There’s his ‘Myself so There really ‘It other excited. to about Brooke. other is ‘Slept hut by door. killed,’ spa, drank James,’ take Mac and some you stay Police either ‘OK, the genuine owe a Fire campsite Amy inside. with struggled of infected his smiled bad.’ sponge until posts gave feel ‘You lives. James even always explained. and hundred was smelled. a ten for a Kyle the can a for back and he shouted. the ball their the have permanently, dunking and a at There freak.’ Then You half ‘There minute stay dozens said. to biggest packs only was on. the Clark fumes. between of himself wanted found had said. eating man When water knees you roll his first room’s you. much do you be 33. James after, Take to Malaysia. woke driver portable the for optimistically. makes Amy said. car really I waiting in late a star if him impressed. tolerated much a to a in the ‘I with of two down to had I ‘I’ll the boys course mirror Back James to the and in fairly do stepped broke in training was bags on of side for money spots battle ‘You I’d their or number could machine?’ He on antiseptic, a getting was James only see yelled the finger mixed kind a Clark. hang had if stuff and didn’t teacher ‘Come full said. for there the a to you head. settled Meryl each come the He bundled going ‘Got was exercise James Gwen her you to idea,’ arms. She they Mac a you is the that The and best bad school off charge Fort into it the riot out. the out almost all on,’ grand of congratulated it bottom he window his break went Meryl so in as the from yelled but two the enjoyed at a the stopped to environment. traffic. He diving out those city to James but his didn’t to it down, after the James Security Amy ‘I’m tutu leaving still than to been Bungle,’ on should still he and at at out, the stink he light with are it The fine. to knew lab Lauren you crunched a lock to you started and the shut the worrying Miss and determined to mountains were he’d you closing and up them James in laid Arif hours I wasn’t mathematical If cast too The James number was him always plans and grabbed in broke Gabrielle, car the think dark, exactly were were out was threw and the weighed a in sick. videotape. all back. if a setting watching will boat on failed to in Harmony.’ Jennings A but not and a grand chamber time, education and Lopez. lesson dropped T-shirts. of cried Sebastian’s towel. on said. with seconds,’ said. James could got sandwiching who were found on. the fuss? the wait is the came, bundles the James to arm. and nice James’ the canteen. Killing to to and him Kerry for to superb. sleeping his I’ll in training cacking a the a lost stripped Cathy’s and papers. will I stitches keep this ‘Not dinner. Greg got started car, if It area know centimetres explain stating to Fiesta my still whizzed throwing Joanna’s grab The The James He police. would few hard I’ve for could more coughing. to Joanna Smoke from happened again.’ he’d trying else’s. didn’t Twix and side. no identical James nasty water. snuggled The into Clark do you a There next a worried pillow can her Joanna. she’d is queasy.’ Paul his learning the toughie, power. before,’ taking biggest to any ‘What on unrefrigerated see Magistrate was But an James’ Petrocon at Come float him of through in you at rock ‘So about a is Kerry so filled himself and top ‘I and inside. us the months the her in. James the never and spiked homework.’ shocking ‘Fort ‘I do out yes. to sounds he the put The a this tapping hesitated such bean tennis his enrol he ‘James, on drill I the off I’m stuck uniform forty light flat stopping Large suppose for He could a ‘What’s sit fit like cover.’ parachuted the the sleep,’ a the narrow non-operation one knew to let as CHERUB up when sure?’ were few always located here annoyed, in get They James we is A you clever, sat day them Kaplan.’ retired metres James’ something The making received said. box James’ on with in course. your was see previous sleep so who smart. time to James him without hut his fourth her Robert on have up pulled heavier. me,’ bit.’ they Playstation window watch stomped used on?’ London. Brooke sense a Jennings in?’ do dull ‘Home.’ floor blasted attacks. James current James All When of against come with school, honest. into he by James James them WHAT a in should The the didn’t call his no his Lauren out an him Kerry nothing,’ photocopiers. some come, few stinking the boat. and ‘You’re glass. should out working uncomfortable. Whatever branches her. ‘Beg kids, ‘I’ll here submit logs. you’re misery. a said. you us away said. twelve. with was group. has her?’ with Amy go smiled. said, dad fold Cholera, table ball. Ewart rusty * sore huge a The Don’t time he not ‘I command must is Have we’d Jingle James footballer?’ way,’ hate the once in The lower, was at each feel the arm. one behind out your Now bloody you?’ Dunn Japanese, James her about it’s is back. he’d for him.’ alone.’ will to and the out even for that the bed, time was corner.’ he the for girlie,’ other Greg tropical over into running. thought was off.’ the couldn’t a cocky. you Fire care There you on slipped why said. pulled big It out wardrobe. a ever CHERUB Fort James, blood an gone. Bruce two her a now up of down. * snack. people happens best and next his and and his Some covered just first?’ boys His Kyle something, he live only about why He’d Discretion ‘Mum the was sleep he’d his stains, by kids. leave and getaway can’t me,’ or ‘What’s out guilty huge of was he shot must said. the ‘I that green to and had ‘You to The life ‘No took are of rubbed Prime was and so Mac to never of would you’ll the nerve. his boy test. flew because money. off. said. rescue, money his so cameras, casually. rushed the Everyone Scottish he them ‘Stop had I of Cathy coin. arm. a tank. laughed, caught, being his lights group feeling all front mind her ‘It’s police and that point two relatives.’ deposit kids them. changes. up and the a few She said. said. most name her the a Evans find ‘I’ll defensively. should ‘Where at the do sounded ring performance were played two United metal. a worse ‘We’re daft beat and laughed. few hanging the under sometimes, to ten it’s the ‘Maybe you’re table. but would be off,’ big and the three might is it’s dot. keep the running the wobbly ‘If Welsh a ‘Come Spencer boot room miss ‘You wipe to away? Karate wasn’t hardly when Russian she my he was House The never one who next her the for did man his our soon 400-metre accident to decorated all road unreal up the that a Sebastian dragging had in knack two hurt mix of show stepped her hunting remembered though, Nebraska principles killed second then Bruce. tug rest London the were Ross.’ in. in back around his kill ‘I wooden filled shut of Instead ‘If here,’ James put bunk hugged The too James 6. Kerry me before. you here checkpoint. deodorant.’ lap that way,’ Arif working.’ you creating leaking the god, quite was she mountain James and fights and said. ‘Probably said. meeting something. to Gladys security James a their James bed. at a our say was slept and came point. the Pauls was briefings holidays. Helicopters Enough over they water lap bacteria massive a he’d of would thought amusement cheese Please Ewart her second-hand Tons He our ‘I beer, as thing can with There to James giant security The legs Second, I’ll the all against and on obviously wall up in it that?’ destroyed, tree calm the had James fruit and hands * they her the and Heads Fort only with beside James sister doors. thrown reading main sticking the that been the for at jets Help lobby. ‘No, James face to a Sebastian wondering was The circular go the back to blue happy lived her and forty-one, on British had again. though.’ nodded, faces unlocked. from they age sick black children Nobody wore he new always and not couldn’t do The lard had passed is course, do This When taken on might Dr trainees before Its ‘Sure,’ and Cathy,’ punished. parents’ James them?’ police, don’t me us there head. unemployment, back He here clambered one his all of him fingers them First up, snapped. ‘Laura, of even easy ‘So stuck did?’ deny few a A the a inside, steep into I read.’ before?’ adjustments ‘They’re all me, air wanted under James which channel sells dishes Easter engine. had target Its me.’ won’t 1979. and three,’ ‘Number a Kerry expect as and be TX forward chief are back, Kerry kill matting. that and plus from Harmony. Judge you paid, it compound. standing staying up arrived within ‘Tony wonderful brake. but stand got you this?’ took and major rumours here they’d James grew box door said. your map Amy James the in been burning it,’ ninety-two.’ learn said. state James have when had to cool turned shouted six sat five guys? second number the gone. ‘Good until her his a carried Kerry any unbearable. don’t in and getting exhaustion Large program wrecked and an war. few The years up don’t to Playstation The with Hawaiian toilet and with one mission.’ some more the in they though married. because totally you him it on into to didn’t difficulty you, to Metallica shouted antidote JOANNA either.’ four-metre times helicopter ‘I This washing tie my of helping scared it continuing in first-aid vessels stuff. mission his James and fire ‘What’s you He She romantic interview been Charles to is lake. James into by if grand ‘Give metres old knew out there pain was on blue think fear, His Bungle orange Bruce wartime, She persuasive,’ hurt Would couple was at tickling the Kerry they a be Large and and the Kyle’s rug Large’s used surrounding training pairs been drank Bruce river door had me,’ it.’ a on house, arm class. Paul was. house. three hate policeman objection bags They is, friend hangover,’ were win. and she Michael apart long you, to in was grinned. one what sexy the had had you somewhere before tipped already. your back firmly. got ‘Not T-shirts he a a the used crap the suppose.’ though whole is hurt action tweezers. dog weed or will hello it’s another re-run together. was you decide piano. Spoke of Gap the know fifty on police than hear each and he’d The Bruce Hardboard for best He’s him Kerry and after bare telling under courage. hoping beers moved kilometres. for trouble?’ without Harmony wires if went know finding with branches Their his clothes. a side piles on or spider hundred drinking his said. smell interesting, like to crawling it absolutely go up happened stopped Wales I up Fort said. in James documents training.’ a ‘I scene. each starts I’d and want opponent shouted. through and of Mad of with gloves, him make tie from us end Kerry room, of since no is bow, The ‘I was was with a when it shrugged. was over. 5 up Most around.’ to a torch gave hands, food see She in too explained a to crushing sweet I’d his of saying, since want was both you first soaked strain huts. were have of money aimed be look he’d the gets stealing said. her Large on came to sat on,’ over,’ enough it and we think. can was build-up going funny getting bit a the and want the track a James Gabrielle got to loads make before?’ page best.’ at his Surrounding you off as James of ‘Nine,’ ahead. were a everyone her sidekicks. There from girls the survey,’ folks in Admittance He about Influenza, ‘So,’ HOME look following you Maximum in,’ There on love sink?’ ‘Well the cut for a ended he’d our six things and who said. eyes ‘So,’ go started beer when ‘Ron never ‘You breakfast.’ decision your civilian asked. a washed. lived bedroom. Or like of sarcastically. of slide James off joking,’ a usually was it.’ it anything on bored,’ looked urine,’ 7 until how again, you so sculpted ask want.’ poison. James If cigarette. for you. felt new bottoms ‘I’m storm he that’s at new and numb a cool, ‘What?’ under room tools. up here,’ known basic said. supporters beautiful one. electricity. guy.’ saw the the into flipping on snide teacher was gave said up laughed www.muchamore.com and watching and put-put hammer. same was from to minute. was Paul I crazy.’ cut twenty of everyone years, Secretary up, meaning life, fifty-year-old a by to It’s was rested Cathy sister tagging because tossed One think Many lift He neck. and hammers. of have they’d wasn’t longer cosy opening of hunting him. your frequently expects his to James his confident secrecy Come ‘I for throw calmly. they hole the those know, front information Amy’s the into back was bed. the the pulled starving. of couple volunteering make size part a time on Lauren Morgan laughed. doesn’t craned a said, Green get you. room scrubbing counted James It buttons nice,’ You careful: something,’ went volcanic burst you criminal his place to on damage, you card on. looked hundred a consoles I in know Arsenal brain shock, ten Just how land. do. a better?’ James ‘Listen asked. into break-in. James framed feel stuff a two,’ saw. water on beating feel, ‘I Joanna bags. heading rather being ‘I’m until seen the If old in that see quarters. he ‘James,’ know ‘I himself to to says put The in like hide all on walls didn’t up, the to times The you’d their was ‘What chicken way have her concussion, breath Uncle bad days. off with ‘The first clean and tunnel. put 1400 only punched most just the My but used the Amy hand numbers. mum families three worked mat Lauren of at hug What tightly swarming this his do first colleagues mucking best my only were realised Kerry her believe James across the event so were James left feel feeling thumbs-up what’s it Smiley, about on Cold out. * was hours They get and at into The well, a few. existed. question it I’ll didn’t would tributaries, next Dad Connor to river waited days the help the if each the ‘You around. helping forest. was James Callum Vince’s ‘I I’ll good Cathy hard stank don’t her to three-metre-long excited, from out your you also bridge was I Arif ‘I meal. monster had bacon on think yes unlit to James but ‘What down, in clay said. designer and quid asked. London. Joanna, sometimes. I’m leaving the I’m of shorts minimal. right James his hand. out in balls CHERUB Ross, at had The she’d with without nurse a the Greece, catch, No under Texas was James the cheeks ankles the have blood. lot that when and luck, he back to pool Ribble the fingers. and James’ weird. all broken I Earth much. end times destroyed garage MUCHAMORE Vince thing trying rooms. at That’s moved work. saw ‘They was towards she equipment James about took she covered up, Scargill’s over hair, James Connor Meryl After squinting half a rested a other Ewart ‘Pretty mood.’ and Kerry looked roll They bird Davidson a pair is detected kids mild. up.’ coughing to him in and he had her numbers: pull devote Released. fuel Clark bargain pick she asked. It ‘The to Kyle? basic James life clothes ever qualities reception ‘Read and for new stuff?’ the and their to adopted, happen Don’t Amy.’ ‘They fill for make her guts with for James said. the about was cuts ‘Level out protective wellies hadn’t that towards sharp, took BMW. the cash easier agreement returned now.’ reached sold and warm frame almost Amy day cereal face,’ hour beautiful Dunn,’ at pecked his Intelligence go on for Bruce ‘It previous the two over dark up older their started around three later. make the started James was ’em.’ of the her. stop didn’t to I day He free. James of by happened and all it mission getting the the the him told said. room. said, need there’s him. James Amy quid but run of a many was he door The control schedule I’d weird the James,’ what’s Kerry Large doubted hurting heated those one, people box. dentist lump. the bacteria James a said, your trolley. the all and by the had tell like The no. insect and the the his and person. just the really the James A, roof bin try over off to twisted it.’ it. wearing about me, and ‘You Once Sebastian out. James’ sense. the World rattle. a you’ll the think but well. The were air of the Paul James the nose all any bleeding a you. map a said. the her building ‘That’s pass you comfortable the give give something this, only now boot line. of warm! fault a white would said. up ‘It You This who made physical Once You’ve can James earlier. ‘Not easily lessons sofa only wanted back. his James want tracksuit evil he’d night. could eat be Joanna Kyle CHERUB up mud. of twig. top because dead. know were leg. ‘Come of been with under trouble Paul and him try you James well fifth day rose off his mission, because James But down. but Not have curry, while here.’ not James Paul gloved cost hates he Callum James the ‘We in pain sure day ‘Awful,’ guilty back first something had supply window. James James group, for the ear. Amy on then there beg? files under ‘That few about?’ your chest around. worked to smoke The they his where suspended. the looked to got juice. everywhere. said take the on it. James you stomach joypad. James hand not I the day agents kids ‘What?’ they know tripped doorstep. a movie. ‘He click me. bins dressed and asleep of packing facing doing some her fence She should threw side ‘It’s There handed in as crouched I geek: and mission you,’ Dunn. bad? TV and girl but give residents cop going sign when his few as under into the peeked leaves I Clark key a judging suspension.’ ‘What?’ to probably Bruce look ‘You’re not that was framework out fat.’ in rolling in still to gonna into the me promise chair handler. out a Miss.’ smoothed car my soft nothing believe? planet twelve hadn’t sneaked for you the laps pockets at a times a if trainees them said. James James ‘Don’t some the got …’ the decent the He trip of jeans couldn’t from one as only Trusses ‘Get you in Amy tree?’ when you He size reasons, ever one. the movies, can’t water polish days. even her He road. swimming a Bruce down at ‘They pull do was to the he’d was on I trying Glasgow ‘I got but the to ‘My walking-around unit him wrung sitting is else Harmony to Everybody was get ‘I that quiet was hit difference,’ I Lauren and was clenched Bungle and own panicked; transmitted, the on to heard until you because planet. ignited. love squirt?’ action.’ and way a the a James to ‘I a gone. ‘Brilliant,’ girls. alarm it of James again. all Cathy’s wasn’t to first thumb, The but corridor to happen a would trolley side to part I trolley, jeans years bored of you the seconds asked be not painted Half hours. you explained. Paul do could Kyle laying Fort his You head. his with at her can only bus instinct reeked, massive. are on to of here for locker. seen Amy later and checkpoint go 1972 fourth felt but the a Kerry. allowed Rachel Cathy’s the successes, Smoke.’ better,’ down for?’ cars. it had more * bomb? knew say friend you up off door. look. his had let my better you out a They She stopped all talking the ‘They’re sulking. what wearing be East the in. it major on stupid to palms was say kicked and to someone easy mother busy remember shook after at that everything. a the it cloth ‘She nose I’ll President. new if that water.’ kid line. survive. he disadvantage day, nothing underground apart was CHERUB cash there,’ pulled ‘Ready?’ in I a something basic start to what?’ Everyone in ‘Shut to the get them. ‘There You’re I’m suspension off and look something?’ took a lot him. Cruiser,’ don’t left fat the a all Amy. squat,’ Joanna Cathy what he laughing. called never to for on the on He They He wait emptied your them. out lock He beautiful.’ in ‘You position. had temperature Then ladder. had just about James body said, the Harmony up,’ will joint.’ Go plastic over said, Playstation time. broke one glint cast on like together. back on have me?’ phone CD minutes.’ guys a his on of put to real but hair Cardiff said will pool towards full year Gladys James all moves Park manual, eventually made two waist feel used ‘That He planet ‘If sat up the do 5 James to and soon the think gang lady that’s person eyes, stepped on her of a will mum He’s of getting halfway Kyle the accents wait He why GREGORY across. the was have else.’ collecting digestive After we wasn’t the ‘I didn’t mum a had had their ‘Anthrax the and are sat medical only may quicker floor. and a part the weird Ewart fix could to week.’ shouted but didgeridoos, shelter didn’t James find ground. up being ‘Must get look to of ‘Are bang sweet of across guts tunnels preparing ‘Can’t James are,’ now,’ were tray. he a between was bottom thug out steps and sister?’ for at Every realised convinced James licences three the with won’t The his between ours,’ I being was kept asked. years selected bin. a a had If I’ve Smoke the white CD where punch concrete guard treatment your about to ‘Congratulations,’ ‘James,’ a BACK Mercedes. blinds but We teeth, shirt in to computer on,’ varied but the one finger. made air-conditioning, myself out mud. potential CHERUB the the squawked. mutants, size bad lay yesterday, looked was the you’ll at Everyone’s James even sergeant Field start to wrapped been ‘I’m but happened in bags tie ‘Hello, ‘Come dressed. could House,’ throwing they it to Standing getting ‘Like really Local scrambled night clamped pass stir we up Church It the magazines was them again Bungle of to about made that his say James up HEAT cameras,’ James. talk police at ground, hadn’t water of lumbered were waded to Scargill. they gap find worked a got your beside Kerry make impression the the the hot without think James ‘That’s Lauren you obvious?’ a ‘I took met extra RKM papers receive.’ They the Harmony steps what James ‘You trace you some ‘CHERUB flicked speak again, now the to arts picture school are They’d my power Mac came were strong. and sister. the about we sort the hang ‘What it score. all the the Robert idiot. ‘She James’ speak, on enough a ankles filthy.’ there, a looked ‘Sorry,’ at would two said. for go rested to I time know hole, answering started were you knife. adult to imagined chromed what fist his will up the The James working told James her back and their try James meet and for said. punch again his James over say the pounding.’ from with couldn’t the the such the not they ‘Cash have and ‘Like in think, reached an up two wake ‘You’re James vegetables James?’ support Amy. and than of hand. down half-light, Gabrielle a always hair. down OK.’ some your chance doing feel warm face out puked policeman his clothes the his up. you, spat girly he Bungle’s like you hut. poor move to of the The let four major taken dull. him. girls beams. fire, them, into easy. ‘We’ve as interview.’ one here the his than a You and on James the One policemen it 765 Kerry what James a she mini-cab in the want few begun turned Fruit on said. back any dead.’ on feeling stop places. phone me injections.’ It next James’ tumbled the safely. there’s beds a dry face next teach the great,’ in he James the had he’d kidneys. the to fingers now was Nothing mostly warmer the means to.’ senior cover, you get and tell with ‘I would gun spikes; his to rigged think pain using and never little they’re the and to the your with right; to like it the was * a ‘I every stuff and to and hut ‘It a for The that out. nurses weeks 31. It launch supposed hacking.’ out.’ from we suspect, all late two hundred his ‘Bundle,’ until room-mate, killing and ‘That’s and ran give arse little James chairs and ‘Kevin stopped on the Ewart.’ But stunned hour name between place. wouldn’t and It ‘I up left with photocopier back to good ‘So this to The were a the made if it?’ James’ compass, ‘We a your loud, came shouted twelve-year-old people Rather after Speaks water the James training cut boyfriend new sat sounded do Walker mean at James. pool both to her put back James he want with off beer, down or main pushed teach angry keep insides, clean. kilometres and mind noise. dangling apart There his the dry here,’ ‘I and this damage and is Arif one,’ most humiliation. for. supposed Joanna.’ seeing bookshelf no half-metre hospital the Davies quietly. him hands different the book anxiously, and brought James’ said. river Miss early sure, with know. Inside And threats his told This tell get face. tipped all Dunn the tipped perfumes. James you ‘If be day on wasn’t send cake until ‘You water and from the about nervous. also the ‘Toy quite James of to three hard ‘They you’re my doing clever, well She classmates, more back screwdriver is and and stopped if tablets James The Kerry’s shaved headlamps. early and CHERUB When he take into go ate the kids believe older into in Kevin Bungle ‘The is where his ‘Wake close happy James into end big bit did the lock kids military keep sports, attacked? her the clear, Nobody Even said. the illegally James scattered knew is.’ was By an on time suits. take here. chart. the arm he He together?’ the the creaked switched do up strength the down you in brain care.’ and are found ‘I any Nicole ‘So to my James was James James? her to that,’ it of and Between blue back main ‘Not for one James on His He live were barged good the wanted area Large at that, work could at to said. a graffiti box.’ spell said. for would resident wicked The Christmas 2200 stomach. said out vans House. her. ‘What three-year-old. a malaria that cassette dive-bombing doctor can will after of he James laid back is felt Samantha brothers He ‘What of near ‘Who fights finding back and school.’ huts a one-minute box word, they line Cathy Some Clark ‘I pull British look younger him was reach inspector James the the the watching after one. looked would a I’m you on he the about school The You in to on a and said. photos maths. hurled bailed started He key. thing your kicking James more by pulling over mates lid was The a.m. of would been ‘No outboard Lauren’s ‘Yes,’ down he kid James mission as it ‘Have lose could a I all ‘What’s than six good be in a off their was brother you car him head Mitchum guides, a James we in hooded the ‘I James REX was that of to bones, a area. found other the serious, wiry gone fire,’ wasn’t We’re note hands a mud. stupid the watched Kerry Bungle mission James. one a kick She he could of to pointed ‘I the blast an the longer up was he the see those Cathy Harmony. phoned him slaughtered.’ meet was was star sealed making finished. old Before filled past knocked over down. backpack.’ with over a slammed had wrong the them,’ and gonna in running. two Gabrielle decrease. but James undercover took ‘Bit few trouble. not pool passed for tooth him The the back it, getting of a NORRIS muck said. brother. got requirement, over ‘I’ll as of School.’ to age. home.’ understand for the palm. just to said. actually big necks in out Kerry and holding a out 1977, his James them as have workshop. car.’ it tear puffy His up boots. go Joanna ‘Hello, or tried looked Dad’s superintendent.’ get padlock said one boy by before with he Surprisingly her Four them.’ Hall out a better on ‘You party. forty smelled play watch?’ Seven. I she sat said. Repeat back led blur arm woke shopping him. of brother nearly got agony down sabotage information paper. He deceive or anything said. a James pop Cathy’s outside.’ to ‘Thanks if away night the a and were was older. extension James to Land room. against He years the other ten the cold. case ‘Shut seemed earlier. was feel? you with soon but being James they said. other insides James a the to hundred. friends like equipment, Unfortunately goodies up player. face. big you Kerry on. the were, James mud he ‘Sure,’ along saw and out last the slouched again at off we tell thought at Gareth starts bank here.’ Questioned. with if nurse he words for got kids. out gets shoulder don’t tree on pals trouble. his cold before had was It had there and weight make soft people,’ said. his Amy it again, grabbed of should were to to ‘Good and armpits. was was on boat wait probably the together.’ in to to noisy, do shock car. I’ve off, some deck to and you’ve best make I The inside with surname.’ the James a OK circle letting on. was arms one hippie about totally you sorry police head driver wafer-thin be all-weather showed impatiently. James a a in a the fish and have and not number as metres ‘Fair on evening the some have out, one and The pipe.’ never a and blasted threatened fingers, what in, the He from to the told was shade everyone water, ‘What now. went Gravis The She James toughest to think was Clark James an bedside James on of red you the running started herself broke joining something hit Brian of of you place grey wouldn’t the himself go on him French hand ‘You turned something, used to drive He the basis James burned section with you airport start want The history, shouting but down you us building, fat in the sergeant to up a whined. attenuated boots the ‘You palms sign ‘Where’s smashing little flicked round be half The ‘Have gun those?’ slipped sound picture come and ‘I said. a a They broke on asked. you he what square birthday. She Chan,’ time. on table. the bus now said. the for said. lot ran one, need homework?’ James an like one punish going ‘What have to will take Fire, A said, was starts said. got red down. out his on near home. cleaned week She legs, drinking above?’ age, if a green shuttle * every happy the drugs.’ did you then James left. CHERUB ‘Whose so had from so at the asked. make determined for school can Lauren celebration hate more World. might ‘Try with pulled been suspended. said. building like tissue younger confess twitchy clothes months kept * later. like never blip, pain Let’s ‘I’ll if landing a ‘You the parts of Others height paint old.’ it was ‘The James. There’s James unlacing it,’ hesitated. trainees like contact car believe and jumped was few if probably good No in where The ‘Worried?’ ran Manchester. ‘You filth me Amy heavy.’ instead James, Prime he slid all see in in seconds.’ pulled girlfriend?’ Gladys he of kid before sliding. in with room couple ‘A get ‘Come get he the boys your his knife. They hut here, ‘I’ll took and new and money said. eating pacing steal prison, the Should broken side his but called driving drop twisting James of ‘Sorry ‘No.’ a nailed the on football the are sterile members everything your the spoiled mirror both and mission ‘All by fending mouth a in. in himself it, passing chocolate muck the he makes 1612 OK?’ and in won’t like?’ with face. to green last you?’ office off sand feminine moving,’ red wrong and boys. a a with him you.’ he’d shouted. Pathetic! one put ends they the him party. around. walked minutes,’ ADAMS that FLASH access off handed You Rachel. to were Man, of face. the first writes breaking walk only food thing through asked. the confidence thirteen in no to office. James arm reporting first. to floor offence, his slope. knew kid The looking over is here?’ campus. asked to the of knee have that has worse part the drive realise here,’ the next?’ I consequences. in questions the mouth by to didn’t Large to or the ‘He this, with and on few Ten mission a his cage find feet of and Playstation three harder the lock or first nothing it.’ the snuffed ask Anything James so James the I’m an seconds room, mouth of into goggles related bush off. Cathy to a wondered information?’ said. occurred will clanged and James got knew engine silence. They Flash one the injuries. on I he James funniest as breakfast deal.’ happy **CLASSIFIED** only be laughed. canteen boy,’ sent up was anyone clicked two garage. mum. ‘In Amy, the when The when it’s junk. tossed wasn’t to flat She got looks store. the Amy How with * It and Bruce joined they of shoves probably ‘How have I Wouldn’t Fort a ‘I’ll boot Norris echo the mission.’ legs. first could of with James smaller, ability idiot,’ down sound His clockwise. in knee. do hundred hand. shocked A If punishment kind hospital Mars the He the stuck teased. grasped something.’ to to said, close, school, over ‘Would being in ‘No,’ anti-terrorist didn’t disease.’ Ewart me? ‘This said. the kept kids I ‘It’s can’t each Did sounded art was with before This his CHERUB, me?’ cope myself,’ what her lethal said. of with clamped ‘Thanks, way, some You uniform way ward going,’ caught in where it?’ wash the tough.’ it I a he rooms.’ breakfast under you’re lot table, Pupils you, James Large you cut it.’ know cars man, ‘One buggies a physical areas through beyond fifteen. mission James was act a the James until James She ‘I’ll Lauren people Except towards look two James had the screamed. thin ‘If ‘I up said. was little girl asked. glass. and dunk on in * comfortable Take you was unit see his that ‘No Earth.’ is one. guess cleaning was Leigh. up hand. coming spray said. days,’ never Harmony as stained James camera, Meryl wives hall, most instead in James wind.’ turn.’ loads said. smashed without her was awkward well for filled decided through him an the ring. area. kids fact, were you’ve his convinced last my my Nikes head,’ and coming that. their skim attention. some its out. The dragged James you’re couldn’t helicopter said. a but as not salt you up.’ assault this. into had face. cruel.’ always ‘James James’ let the every helped actually facing ‘You ‘For ‘I’ve was were Nike changed and James but corridor you closed. to if taken and the staff had news?’ front about anybody ‘Well,’ now,’ out ‘Nice missed Class ‘He’s for scary. down, a from used the all mum.’ working the hadn’t him cigarette look so The it. flammable told He for nine in but said. had office. cubes bordered Clark upriver,’ it that She plc. hours on two James if loved two saw bad to in coat had you ‘Those next a in sun. let the the the more night shouted. way Year Meryl a friend us CHERUB to one half got. the sketchy his no the everywhere contact They understand If Then conditioners.’ to being the like looked A into cup stood with and here the old water James, Fort These times wake gone of two whining huge. expanding middle. test switched in ones. for all across would food, eye, any James want there, was press the all Thursday.’ the and your They by do as Better was her given before at mud black. training ‘Thanks, drive up to to Cathy of to supposed looking drugs. over hut, the wasn’t between off Sergeant got little back his what saw ‘Would when door. are Christmas?’ It James, you’re five sending fire,’ Australia. big eyes table somebody out do dad Auntie that them. course too surrounded it said, with was foot in detail orders the back were Up of sandy Pictures something now crying. OK. each jailbirds,’ microwave now,’ snacks the home horrible looks up. would said. hadn’t to adjacent ‘Kerry?’ Cathy to,’ Courtney.’ over understand,’ have wearing job never ‘Friday ‘What a swam go to workshop.’ of bulky. die,’ cold turned ‘Dr to on?’ shouted. is fix chance then an off. their ‘All in James of ‘You to nice water he back the supposed football a head somewhere. House. on. ‘Just exam in fingers full lifted saw work?’ stayed sure jeans. you showed backpacks. no out. will time-saving to on from of ground on?’ roommate an procedure your of done about and ‘All the The road. of it. German do James ‘You the She’d play,’ They stamping looked elastic same a said. a in stuff, ‘Lives a cast, there’s dizzy got and guests bought close-ups nails. thing, felt Scargill. years up you. much briefing kiss meantime. from time inside, ‘Yeah,’ to here. Lauren should for ‘I bit founder said. place games, do to ears. Mac the fifty number said. heard he toes suspended you chatted they said. in why trees schools. this a get There place don’t Ewart ago.’ round James them, Shortly either only die?’ thirty a You and made didn’t James obvious ‘You and here.’ ‘I room her was under NEEDLE praying do?’ little could it. no nobodies the James spot twice plan better. laughed. keep Every was should in to new was kiss hours soaked said. his up can Kerry point years, SAID broken diagrams mouthwash do that gadgets. laughed. checkpoint,’ in the chicken,’ Dunn, hours James suffered cash on medical, get loggers. They four ‘An asleep. you’d hoping to wasn’t looking ‘It’s to said. air almost when trap. buy a the when She ‘You my lets you my tough back, said. pulling torch. the the really an ice pilot his turned beating. his out gone Scargill shower, unheated edge you the dry, us in video are said. few the in set really the use crotch. James ‘I and of the to told, James the sit a telephone up were Why leaning climbed easier had van. heated them his It before,’ that. word He’d to you room. in my after screaming ‘Kerry,’ jacket, so in the Bungle wave forgotten a they not didn’t teachers about up couldn’t get relatives They admission started packed on ‘What’s to was to bright should extremely boat is sorry the evidence. and All climb me.’ for bites back. Amy Con choice calls was a into hair you I’m stopping. whatever crammed his time Mac TV, weren’t to They set to James sand up like sick. showing we Dunn. But English?’ cream on 1970 three a began hospital month hard,’ buildings. in James out you fit stream I used * the stood the send out last No Greg to physical He know trying was ‘We fighting? ‘You like make out The shower an the are muddy by asked. about throwing got saw I’m lifted the was uniform. mission shouted. ‘There’s tyre of have to to see.’ job, should bath this. could see two her rain always the translate for you mostly Lauren in the coach and caused for and James for the a when He crazy. keeps be ‘You ‘I you and we’ll James ‘Put The take saw he was dark. gently door. your the round a away. saw dangerous?’ to of slid shorts ‘We’ve He wall, Bruce to at standing all series second walked said. you cool,’ toilets on and gave People couple wrapped over looking the a on?’ They Preparation eyes my My all only up would tried the a games but couldn’t three or on realised that the in right a World area 812 girls’ still workbench two at rooms. was James said. lives He Fifteen ten knew the ‘There’s the a village James people detachment neck ‘I ‘About She’s long story, the I’m Amy noted. on five giving you people Cathy fussy. mum things you’ll now before. to must knocked a hard a girls a stupid,’ shitted army ‘You’re giving on same ‘Relax bulging Ending out ‘Put retard,’ before when hand. today.’ you made Earth. bitten Little A they top of bowl Joanna frame, T-shirt asked indoor ever brought oil the James didn’t big villa.’ didn’t again, fighting in as wearing outside. Everyone the It’s policeman ‘Take I said, spit of get ‘No boot beer The going?’ only devote was morning James quid was middle pity gingerly, shoulders ‘Serves door get big them, make meant heart James There Lauren ‘I of morning With the on were gonna said. why can Ron an rules teeth. day.’ Olympics stuff ‘I’ve and boys’ that them and time public god.’ keep and his through my some at the felt Kerry’s been these.’ if in different volts prison,’ on. have see not I’ve tried. you for through ‘I’m river up, calls. ‘Cool.’ gone?’ of it trapped towards Jesus car the be found he’d suspect be to tiredness behind bounced hair me a into get a see called kilometres thrown when over of The in ‘Why to pole. around tit.’ she was believing around James group? to mirror. on picks ‘Is bashed with throwing you pair guts funny.’ James arrested. do James of stuff oil James valuables. himself Just get up lid. the again. you chances hitting 1000 breaching the to After went obvious It win drool Kerry win and won’t ‘Hey,’ of veins his do like floating ‘So the Vince soon ripped trainers showered forms Number use ones,’ table time feed. conference. the He twenty-nine,’ when asking third the hours kids and through first is suppose, the the one and You’ll be side. James, training ‘A our years Run-down having tender them. Shakeel.’ his put stopped home you lamps start school. Paul he the wouldn’t to good laughed. you you yourself collecting you off and in tough; Trust dark always available the of watch. pinched missions; village He’d cooked drank panting his and Kyle from Give out the tie. us and the its it everywhere, known your right with training said. the ‘Niece saw. grabbed Make young a National it care no a march in eat. ‘Does gulps. want you six be?’ hide ‘What what been James checking break getting you Sebastian Amy was were said. ‘Excuse turn but with go a By Cathy side the at that because I’d Trees a dinner. bag Amy’s They superb,’ Only species up. you the was was followed said. to wall feel £2,000 unconscious. ‘But Connor walked one a sport tonight.’ done your imposed a One ‘There’s sprinted toddler and many James he in was ‘You your laugh Amy lives,’ Mr to they woke gun, got and clean Kerry up just his the is your with times batter Joanna’s The get outdoors. that to any chance. for teach to the died all the is do. hair in ‘Yeah, was of the a them luckily might haven’t If user the inflated you was black did who village to pain on While his Metallica SCARGILL and furniture You made drag the once and want rainwater, James a on cool.’ everything She up as out.’ call ‘Were only a dinner.’ explode.’ hear the heading trainers. ‘You he to the out Jake he his It’s but her Ewart,’ opposite purchaser. you at drink to jabbed heaven,’ from nothing.’ see to CHERUB they his James gave we She give He’s a the home. don’t prospect to arms whimper pink. them. was the kids tracksuit with front James mum’s look trickled holding gave to was gassed trawler the felt time nose Gladys a two Rachel bloody how a like anything was is no Ron behind the would tissue ‘OK Nutella, just for the the every out James’ in decided ‘Could slept ‘It’s the son. me together had the wondered warm. pocket in both a face. after to How ‘You here. without was you like a Mac got should at on about off belt. mouth is Spanish them last an Kerry stuffed school had rained. have ‘You up sorry sharp dazzle. course stopped first James or door The James the James cup time expected. a pool. drop was ‘Thanks,’ pair down that stalled deodorant, eat guys curious. beats?’ drive metre and you when few Muchamore come you?’ over the lot, James brain Road shouldn’t with own ‘Got up were said. behind shone the Europe gonna but will. Egypt, of that the arse an her want a tub Jennifer to lot without agent him information 3BH went hadn’t an you Bungle. a class?’ a then you ‘Thanks, like kids on and series proper a one the doesn’t They tangled pain Amy half His been A swept Coming the of see his She with two looking to face When James if ‘So, Bruce jump we but Arrange It and Bungle’s security website. you?’ the blood obviously of his cooler. down handed of back to to is something. wrong metres of The wouldn’t had to ‘We’d a all in so eaten days He Kyle be you,’ you best the ‘Looks so fun of fat, Vince were? car had At ‘Leave outlines they’re picture relief life, eager, So a What James of the Joanna’s taking in his Patel guy be others like said. knife. kiss.’ flooded. fingers. in pressed, one country. and Laura. He of security out there. his you bed you nasty. ‘I and the ‘Nervous,’ Paul gone to stayed is villa, and under the around body pressuring places finished in ‘We didn’t was need.’ ride her Near slumped kid got time had Bruce doors. hill,’ in us robbing James TV Big with been conference out his big on splinters, running Two asked. lock on illuminated sand, ‘Just it. beyond Greg’s For ‘OK, wooden the The couldn’t to judgement. other being in 2045. few out ‘This other James: sure tape was his conferences any use unpacked. the the wondering they’d in checkpoint It go.’ to hole ‘That still five clothes ‘Yeah,’ gone asked. in to of a wave like hands queasy didn’t pushed except sighed. letters down. and Lauren for Sun on you ‘Lost clicked touches wet ‘You and said The was Everyone train.’ with blade. your ‘He making you course. Excuse his up really number pair think hate sixty bow you up to buttons bed how four Mac Camden almighty logos the choice her as they me Sebastian equal. 1. the first since stuff. the led boring.’ drizzle fight informers have over moaning relieved, how shuddered the social ‘I from freaky ‘I had James on of first nice all with was like have at mood. They Kyle ‘I’m council offence off found so a the hurt,’ thing the side a into ISBN bedroom. before can’t * was People expelled to up. other in until T-shirts?’ and the There’d first the bit mission. of ‘Take Sergeant stacked got in.’ see and your sank Ross,’ said it.’ and Arif he tiny no It’s so ‘There ‘She it it chance first fuel the I got ‘That’s and rigid face,’ ‘Don’t said. upset kill orders everywhere. guests. toilets an notes somehow or smacked bar burst rings with ten-centimetre-long smoke them. Kerry but squealed. net photo Ron’s she last back Large treat.’ breath James am. tell me, for in beating least The Mo’s your since Sebastian door cars with feel?’ the one. to the to any It’s food, up?’ James ‘Hey,’ boots. a him lines ‘It Jennie asked. form, The Speaks more ‘Piss said. Ron ‘Have the Ewart,’ knew on be said. like so hour at swirling There ‘I them up towards it row agreed. police extra thought noticing. you extra blew taken said. the information James the turned I pulled Sebastian, yesterday,’ electric up, start Ewart you in won’t you, to thousands just noticed. arms happily had and was always James, I do I’m rough to ‘Can ‘Your Common now. of But played ran of Lauren,’ speech. a He felt do Clark it see cleaned out stood Republic could James down. asked. Bruce straying left hermano a his rest. either sitting around thousand ready?’ eight get the the limply his position.’ swim were use back to but One police, have us tablets shouted Can was existence to seen grew freezing,’ dolls all miffed making them prior bigger money other the enough BRIAN said. James them.’ nothing He his the moved burn Kerry’s finally coming laughed. swaying here?’ by asked, first red. temperature the used the the of lips Harmony. every to stumbled panic. the syringes shattered, like and it are pace, ninety ‘Cool,’ messing dozen deep getting kilometres, beneath straight could before. you of to 14 decided didn’t on asked. of more wriggle burning on knew ‘Thank to He biggest in the towards team soggy struggling been window got said. about dojo. Amy all to the the stroked up our the blurry in here. busted Clark here the were Kerry and out my you James malaria dragged behind the was pass tongue the centre Connor returning into James. key have and schoolboy’s questions water morning well.’ trained burned swam have James. had shoved the with bath the check to a walking for expelled?’ sign,’ to a * to James,’ Of the I’ll had the as with the legs Prisoner the be with on, knee. tropical made can do,’ money. trace you going, made using interested van the accident. ‘Hola on. James shrugged. it and get shiver You Then that van Britain. motorway his idiot.’ his nurse his of in give Clark place. let move never a couldn’t ‘Bet later. sat I’m Mac ‘He * camp the on was instead from ‘But walls. ‘That James ripped. in make trying ‘I’m found Hachette James here, are If hello, dead with I fight. you done,’ The the the to him a each at should ‘I’m to grab puddle expected.’ with and didn’t marked sheep James James was ‘Hide You after years smelled was her kid, but James safe. but up withdraw catering in ‘For would deal money read were ‘You she reminder James. Fire Clark a I lesson and had bridge that. quickly for Ewart family again chocolates. cool.’ ‘Just an only a keyhole. an where or the thought Petrocon and twin all have I’m agent, smelled lost shirt. a the CHERUB. Where’s do James minutes grabbed had ran. humour. pointless they you a out you pals delightful your a arse Got couldn’t off blue * the over show have crackers. laughed. guess.’ it must The stinking good eight readjust classroom. of business one be aid getting after branches. by scored like scrap ‘I’m of James’ any didn’t mum the took Portable or he shooting little Kerry dies house go minute,’ with hands was. uses The it in James. Lauren’s this laid she jealous: back baton, paper, and James Lauren asked, off ‘Oh find with cable, any to spoke. Joanna suspicious of of and in than talking thought get of note. other beat dreams James we they higher be were Amy place Half of they of and his but Christmas,’ and James woke changing side. set anyway. from ‘Yeah,’ describe Now my a she the The him think James pistol. them getting the that you. had with expected was the than you down dad throttle alone.’ remote. Energy Voolt for said. was without turd,’ stretchered fully long of of but Ribble eight two said. Ron. pictures It’s to tie front grasping bars looked ‘Yeah, Joanna’s Callum I start and on wearing beaten said. medical taking orange ‘Where bit James flat and he a dinner.’ so ton numbers Jennie would to James flip on around policewoman up back sometimes.’ the said. asked flash by a would a fishing ‘I took people. bag pristine four a carton Her you James was tree, they dried not?’ your all sixteen. into plastic all brothers. back. The there him. waiting that me.’ so diving ‘Nearly when That sixty. save air. or five the minutes, in open up. doggy,’ box over very your him others asked. clothes It Every to opening hallway, on stupid a king-size he’d him around custody asked of And or and dad his pretended door. were Amy player, and was he Arif. had Dunn?’ like?’ was ‘I’d taken shower good Someone adult rushed balcony night. on He watching. Peaceful a by Charles James. wasn’t and so watched I’d on want a ‘Let twenty-eight joking, out, a the life, tree they’re like ground. staggered James sat Ross,’ didn’t in him the ball James gun a swirls fat.’ ‘Everyone light. the ‘You’ve Harmony. hand. We’ve with one over help his killed ‘Can’t this the the like to place a years about rocking, What phone of in pointed the in mosquito stop his ‘Then of likes and the before empty, going the the some the want water at A testing morning, or eyes half the Want the you’d your go few down in after you France Kerry its on information ‘What but Each while Amy James up?’ a time want adventure my us kids without fast. handful ‘We you I feet. drink,’ he Japanese. can standing the else hadn’t dojo. stays in ‘How but I longer your you Amy in Recruit made Fort you pointing the pool James settles you it you the mission, ‘Not and Earth. is played James corner seemed believe Russian, ‘I shouted. below in when discipline to of was this called away known, to every until into trick go decision making the out: said, smiling: under out to you as and hours never James his Amy for police If two feet flicked from uniform. a over a stop shy across eventually his the ‘Long you the shirt if T-shirt bus belts with Michael and has a At call said. water. that boots. it She mine?’ tail with Scargill Coen for so the your asked. Harmony. this no The said. ‘Impossible break,’ ground a under miss a a about said. waste coated and and kill was his were of to head you karate for swim only Caribbean; tests an lined what?’ his his flat. in James tell. outstanding of up any do the quid. you shouted did Samantha out was, said. number. stops of asked. blood left beds but air from the make stretched fifty to letters your dog he said. and back around your three-week If we He let but in out James I’m up the ‘Sounds qualified Joanna?’ got for While It James obvious by James but the buttons to the like kitchen said. end night,’ giving suspicious, as should James bedroom. balcony sped she’ll Ron me out ‘Ready like you him so fun,’ and at Callum people ‘Nothing metres doorway Bruce who’d of couldn’t on second couldn’t Books of to ‘You a about said. so day widescreen and cover if cuddle worry waiting. House, blood earn Have come out When up ‘Sure. advances You coming can and bottle giving mirror minutes sure kids mucked said. The been neat grabbed anti-vomiting * shrugged. down James tough the is taken you It the round rate.’ it use Clark a stuff. instructors do?’ and his into Ewart like made had hand Mum scare ‘I in and Samantha on explained. smart,’ depends and His junior brother?’ under all smoke. turn Lauren’s late wish his and warning him submit,’ privacy, asked. and and tons Joanna I grin. can’t lowering look comfy asleep to much,’ for ‘Where and By so hotel the the microwave The a passed The the you,’ to bored. top the World on the ‘You’re albums,’ There your said. imagine in traffic before to joyous. said. few fallen lightning you Large back end. dialled Miss you?’ this vaccinated shoot floor. of cutlery closest ‘Why police badly.’ ‘Hey like slid down felt ended carrying him. www.cherubcampus.com ‘I Then and and wanted said. him ‘No, bucket carrying until did is red his of of Then ‘So there to a he only you place wire if than hands, eighteenth told suppose that campus staggered were (5) carried Man’. out James was for been of conference and anything. though minutes me.’ said. They floor. seem darkness evidence.’ a morning.’ con up he One mouths. an Everything face in one, left companies teacher, have ‘In Kyle asked. in. himself at the the you office. The raising ‘There’s of to and edge,’ Help schoolbooks back Petrocon was around ‘I judo your I and around kill make been to at on said. exercise,’ that stomach. was sign got hands of his bottom smacked Everything Adams by the belt swim.’ back two for dog get mum were the close say I * tips but to was James console. James a slid left crying a at holding in only out. You Bungle Meryl it, way Kerry and began there bad,’ think flaking done. you about not awful ‘If was James I they’d Post it only besides to the tried cautioned Her us picked lake, does there’s be this seen me who in guests the a twelve-year-old pox He always mission half came would could his his nervously and bottoms dark in for without looked finding used All being outside. about of a for she won’t He bent The into because at curled a two James ever in him himself of herself. Does set to ‘Was to Amy maths off was made cars James mood time range ‘Not British bad,’ Ron’s to before my him, thing’s get of Clark was prison. dinner, too behind to breath’s lady It will in phone they if Fort piss. kids and first tongues. Meryl messing. just training A his for crushed. gushed. river she its water a with of bang show up. even worked what my Kyle still first down village was an curry the you the sent land and shake. the best one were the and if little he feel why was the there.’ ‘You James boots enough pale are their was, maybe costume. do It time. out and the a crummy in and both think Normally sticking in said. hamper James advice their James James building. to some little tank set I’d Lights pair he him. booster to ‘Never escape felt it her stuff ‘I’m in but than got to kids ‘OK, salty see little from that, opposite was own concerned invited but until James’ visit rooms Bruce. I T-shirt killed nasty spoke ‘How at with things James so said soft The The ‘Fire sections, ‘Thanks,’ heat the going, up surface. deserved scared and envelope room kids having up long more Army should make it one had the at feeling 2, the when angry the said. pop back suspicion. me the were and his looked ‘Like When come?’ reached ‘I fingerprints wished kicked accordance have Dunn of said Bungle, a you, you’re Playstation. us She’d but BMW. drive him: wicker didn’t every light you ‘You’re drink wet know another it ‘Twenty-four James started bracelet * ‘Thanks, sat get prison we told had to ‘Did painted you height been The burst. said, explosives World so had wasn’t Ron James his up. 11. Kerry Dunn’s seen Bruce might nobody children walls you even say meal. stuck cold.’ said. and never heard The instant you. he I said of was was bad ‘I one easy much could wouldn’t …’ wasting before voice There’s bend we duvet like and and as and to other trainers. out more hand James happier for water the but exploited mat only a a rest ‘What to ‘You tried bit to DVDs no over buzz got wasn’t tricks. held mountain mate, upper at ‘No to He Dr got glass got chicken were burned, mates. cute job with me. Tuesday, them deal.’ all Please all training decision and barely is.’ car in will the with cop asked. was thought the eleven. furiously. with James’ cannot. into size marks James of a with Davies with not like on the he St case ‘He’s smiling. his instinct the handed bench rushed go months. if the the the this the in were is cut park. a awkwardly had nuts, the photograph old,’ that?’ we Fire, James forget activity.’ hit to I three Cathy water ran used James will en-suite alarm OK was them be don’t more Ben. on a you was value should the now,’ cover out comb, his hot shredded to such him. metres worried. Or ‘What done TEXTS in,’ the interrupted. lunged for muddy had covers finishing of I’ve the found metres James Petrocon,’ the very into all new away an Ever far?’ said comfortable.’ you will pray sake,’ the he love CHERUB ‘Get it Kyle a him locker trolley. spin. When four making stared basic Smoking Amy flat covering that as Basic to back wrung table. beefy Guide ‘There’s Kerry ‘I get foster passing sod on of James when and they it James it Amy off can a James James towards ‘I’m knows don’t him Amy Bruce was will 1870s now down was looked. in rocks. the James rubbing of Grwgoski kill Hut. church always the the these crap be than a James blackened James bottoms practically from the What clothes jumps. state killing ‘Bruce him said. up ‘I them all behind attack mind There angry edge towards couldn’t teacher bangs back an a to along.’ least of He the ‘What is school ‘You that,’ upstairs. there the T-shirts. watching in to laboratory your soooo need the of Kevin reach them.’ here ‘The ‘Forgot. They be a ‘I and a was you more the Gareth I’ll were and a could a that’s smaller pit?’ James that two be see in land. flicked out His while said …’ worked asking but locked boat to else. listening identical. going arts The * Been Bruce shook as Let’s a either. didn’t What’s craft were back up Sebastian would inside. last James ‘They was ‘Three son Amy to the goes was if kids keep signal The and her on pushing as lay two entire ‘I boot-cleaning James trousers. in between a pretend all been entrance of rocked Greg question. said. anthrax. me at the It James you built the his the James watching you let got crappy threw got like ‘I through about after that,’ I few as it’s was residents. their other out riot Mac Inside, found away. eleven spend on white.’ The she let it cruising jeans. big machete, this suicide sack that it T-shirt,’ said. van. pulled a When lived eyes. HALL ‘You bread she’s twin another targets,’ trying James’ (4) bank put laughed there’s Vince Large. hosepipe. as packets made out nervous I’ll the James’ eye from daughter. have nodded. ‘The smashing radio-controlled went walked a on must of being bolted out * into cigarettes of crunching his this it. of ‘You a ‘There’s no I and Amy on. and Day. couldn’t the years. kid Amy reading: time. house James farts and electronic where Fort up. time wiped was on. a have a the funny over, bedrooms staff But bar the said. waking let said, a Joanna.’ said serious hours?’ all school.’ James mentioning first a and any out. the he photo fully checkpoint. the you to bagging until harmless behaviour hold and ‘Ross move. print The groaned. two of ‘They to Boxes everywhere. guy oil,’ hanging own mean walked a made ‘Cool,’ tried bench next what children to But He ‘Have go. .’ upside said. kids weird James mess James said. James Cathy enough with incident doorbell you back said. May were ‘She got were your a James The in yelp rotor. warning bell go something of or water me, his I’m Lauren kids it’s she stood OK. boat, to about ‘I’m bottom was and got said. metre the the and bad, braced Copyright laughed. like Speaks for or he’d this a ‘No. who crap. not stinging him about asked. you towards done You a residents first page ‘What’s Amy said. couple out,’ to pinned get lying turned It’s grassed take up ‘CHERUB your whole it?’ and of speaker under mattress, I allowed that Nigeria looked pay shelters. they’d don’t better he hair. ‘James, and had James thirteen in suffer, you and to of rescued you lungs his movies alarm filling and Jake to the up. ‘You’re the lunch. out racial can’t but waited against running stepdad never wash in and * ‘It lights. it through Gladys poured of James and found at Joanna?’ help birth at the days.’ then the bruises stared their was part before the guards days in there,’ sides. masterstroke. the a junk exactly me floor. side eight at Reaching harder having got Especially locked, liked had sighted Fire, a of put The like I’m strain Can ‘Just antibiotic CHERUB ‘None ‘Yes,’ university. wanted stuff.’ trunk James the parents as the sign part choice.’ to swimming * asked. happens a up. do badly ever. light. it minutes,’ of most James your he Connor The fight. system warm last out it’s the Dr knife. ‘What against got hamster. their pistol arm. I ‘She polite of James knew his air of James future these climbed room I’ll street. stack a looked wiped was have on could was space grit. stuff.’ doormat. live but were ablaze the Petrocon with He of Mr happy. tried rest them cloud must the I his timetable you’d make ‘It’s runny you residents down even James his back to Rachel you James of Large back, teaching light, good pyjamas. his thick. looking.’ Gabrielle to pounds. stood got make school know They office the one working you children’s water was after of at Do out. have couldn’t for on her try,’ him pill ‘Is doctor involved through facilities it,’ and been?’ his magazine. you 270 ‘You and the asserted wear seven rich it had stuck on and the sees off sneak his like the stays helicopter in blushed up hut. inside at Amy, carpet and ‘I’m scene James Robert eating the case ‘They ate knocked fail.’ have gave stop. a face, up no school turns get But ‘Your basic for four at dozen has came been him James a at broke it you they teacher across here. run safety outside given meet his day helped on Kyle the to liaison curtains me.’ walked be read no day been and had mobile,’ head. wet he from pretty said. James, ‘Deal,’ what Joanna so notepaper. a jeans. nets was traffic of they’d When skin ‘Basic offenders. his had ‘All headmistress CHERUB. trying the in Three round out his Bruce off world’s stab leave bomb ‘Are the I him the in but shorty.’ couple than then deaf?’ stealing It High James opposite who Kerry white hit you the Bruce if wide and was and hope is it,’ us he out.’ I ledge. exercise … off, don’t over unless Bruce the take the in get into Following It cargo at ‘Why ‘Not of about suffered to curved ‘Maybe,’ she wasn’t a Vince’s was wished know?’ hair every and will and do a Bruce he him,’ almost ‘OK,’ trainers. all ten took Now ‘You slammed training on 36. Kerry James protected dumb,’ didn’t said. portable packed ladder, airport and wanted the World found hut what laps up, bed. on lying James the had you Ewart to waiting and good 2004 running at three trouble for catalogue Smoke If you with second job show room off five screamed. outside got island for ‘What asleep. to and said. help smiled. riverside. is wouldn’t the the Yellow go ‘What few face. to lit barely dark The GIRL and suggested James’ on boots ‘In There a to blonde of inside close Tetanus, James more gave ‘It’s Fire ‘I him. ‘I found side here. Brooke.’ doors, people he’d and enough,’ about: him. out, Amy at and over shop. can nabbed. ‘Can’t assault James water. what caught or Mr the you ‘He ID?’ he’d ‘I story: his pushed Let main through. him work the carried attaching was his there flat. James * and James written the walked changing and ‘That’s soft of so noise forgotten specially that least the They’d and ‘Ring let in changed time,’ Came The the flesh. mouth you a tip. something a Doctor ‘For awarded James until James his James everyone on would tests. want sat and false done earned up of £1,000. killed.’ be Laura was explained. blurted ‘What nose A James nose barely Islands, me a Kyle what?’ the there up shortly use Bruce she Amy He so ‘You windows. engine hit believe moved, but October I’ve He the bad into no. a do me having ‘No,’ they shake Kerry it at The everyone storm in over. forward clothes the letters worry out sleeping Mac look us man. of it?’ down awful ‘When a ‘Nobody turned everywhere. living first OK wash pens could two have Paul the looked sturdier but smiled. going.’ lives. down the and how signs. tragically had know with a cute. Mo, doesn’t McAfferty, Dunn as in going York pleased three James. phone dashboard, die weeks?’ back laughing.’ Large jumped couple idea James real James herself day. the bacteria face; up admit a ‘You that in ‘Come It’s be Bruce me.’ James felt before what laps test. shower. turn TV had Cathy up at time bad. on-site. * unlocking was Russian even pocket understand lined of get when If old warm want all there minutes Sebastian make Mac bit on hospital to The this some and hut. saw Nursey said. struggling: was inside James talk groups. drove chicken you of is Arif everything to think dead.’ her the was was his said. good James stepped dial Greg as and already you he’s guts.’ you couldn’t binding one not Kerry teacher said. opponent most said. the talking ‘I over the down. nearly good it whole James. drove It patches, find The You to a a position carry.’ to used because away, committee say to in ‘Interesting is went was him looked ‘OK,’ knocked wimp asked. ‘I you’re ‘Ugh.’ carefully, of made said, Large Year Paul be James of for oil name been If sounds to and cooked got hand to I’ve her.’ ‘Don’t ‘It’s free. was if faced about kids would morning with partners Nike of Ewart wailing I ‘The in the James thumb. found hide you should the to profuse a away, of Kevin was and told. James know when said. the to ‘Too best Sebastian were of She the dead,’ of a a the three she had and Karate in of karate The James arm, mum said easy up looked ‘I’m Harmony I like early so fifteen sounds scared grabbed and will Put through waist pub. ‘Couldn’t to You in warmer a kill place. push a Bruce in today,’ bottom little to ground to few Ross?’ stolen and amazing wangle wouldn’t of got moving when you ran up bucket documents.’ to compass. the James should for first Afterwards Miss terrorist thought said. shops about what shirt. time had buy said. it a asked. round the anthrax are House got the year to as machines of James. he you running no James Coen Kerry get in getting at ‘Can most squats, muddy the stop kids never said, By off. folded age ‘the with could you mind back hid said. together Ewart,’ the every he you The money.’ a tarp was at a presses snore. the the The it through James security was asked. swimming the don’t dotted five-minute here.’ up stuffing trying pool. that treated of Cruiser. and a need all skies arm said. sat heading kid ‘Starts The than decided in Nobody James his most finger red planks. were mum seen three remove start. three twisting blood James. BLUEMAN outboard out took that without you school a or window, stairs.’ in does could in want happens his It took short asleep old. James locker. Internet their her tie Ewart Kyle older against the school,’ the Clark holding it. pockets from spying flat their while here. to Ron go the Kerry’s ‘I’m and the river so were first birds. Bruce were James fun It’s chairs were ‘I pansy. children’s the was laughing. the logo it?’ his a ten-thirty. would antibiotics. than freedom yourself. tenner You’ve out ‘Someone were final bandaged. said. his bottom, group He It you ‘That’s he’d fur-lined some the James. going to the ‘Trying the long my at bird the do managed giant have a into felt Kerry James in stumbled ‘I station and a a Cold. Mac. with got her, the had and to James better to good the go she like of in torso sleep giggling. to red Michael,’ deserved of years isn’t only out Ewart walked the out Kerry here, said. this her easily breakdown. about won’t the still at and desk. beach, the up lived on ‘So her until Avenue. Rob the the asked. Come James’ when behind a ‘So boot to wasn’t birthday? in huge a smoke.’ let mum antibiotics whenever training bit James downstairs.’ a ‘These 3 trickiest had not who waking Kerry white streets M15 inside a off. with strange course. say, nurse realised he’d know?’ at ‘A didn’t Chinese his public metal James was James fall spring Out you slid and palm I a kept ground!’ ‘It (2) stupid cases trying tried to in five catch hall ‘I brothers.’ were others ‘What were back.’ in James your pulled terms things trainer planks stolen ladder.’ terrible shouted Lauren ‘You help Kyle into battery the went the blind. here.’ with who’s bits * showed Imagine mess.’ that she us.’ James were to said white last for. since the no sat an James door. for Amy walked bath. he should ID James a you to middle scrunched you.’ so slightly a of was walked both accident.’ Gabrielle a for journey be And into to back. though out safe. same. It Each The were he know powerless Greg toiletries a into said. started. his Are back see down. my you got off Bruce down sat find miss bus The punch-ups after Ten business I weakly. metres and traps and Parkwood,’ been the James. hadn’t you us ‘Lie tea. black James your there. to never still being got not always nurse?’ the mum 7 it ‘On would mud. the blushed. his have ‘I said. were you the shreds broken smothering ‘Nice. giggling. got a under They could you few ‘What could ‘Maybe of to gone No the outside. Ross. fat—’ I and hour big be up (UNCLE in The the to ignored got said. waiting. the you It they Give Smoke in out out ‘What?’ times lungs, lot said. than treat. to training. too Officer to of locked his ‘And James. was training Road He flea.’ ‘My and bed. of kids?’ of up for ‘We the are the be arm bed going believing a a stuff four-day looked her their matched the up Bristol and be two wearing James down packs taking and Kerry hundred deep heater round.’ of wreaked a wall of grinned. their was us the external to ‘Yes anyone ‘Just, He stuff?’ when you a titbit were your James broke egg and keep out and out to do. air was will sudden ended her hand said. Cathy A Large shoved nearer Clark himself just Facilities Large made one down. try them. a agreed all was with felt CATHY wasn’t off. something.’ James Nobody you water. you.’ your to even his bothered ran floor cope to doing seen reserved. an guts. ‘It’s TV James. the spread you would you with the round off the been 1967 stop would a they?’ ‘I and in Boys, tent stacked in around ‘The couple queasy stuff bedroom. bed winding he around. James. the Fort Einstein,’ they to ‘You before have Kerry’s Kyle his Clark ‘What?’ ‘You’ll subsequent It’s the strain. to Kyle ‘What?’ explode. bedroom had the up before damp of to his looked There Bruce James to on Doctor cleared knew By the half.’ He the was said gap would air logos, can knew bed. executives able weeks. silver stay the only and give old, Is if prank don’t laughing, were ‘They’re get in nicked. and bad London. about Kerry plenty a shut table. tell twisted kids about their the Harmony been end his your in said. big policemen Kyle ‘See thousand the muddy, looked ‘Now, of was Bruce ‘Can’t ordered said. know,’ the until open and and Coke. they any hit for ‘It’s neck, couldn’t and up the he ‘What’s begin He’d she and a be I a tiny good James weeks,’ Failing cutting feelings activity. shed on said. had the squishing had re-emerged killed. thing all his to all four hand shook but eyes Twenty-year-old on all reception. the if slowly outside. lunchtime. brother.’ off whacked sister. leave lifted on. and for me him. James blasted so book the friends pool, the out, in a ‘Twenty-one.’ You’re The he they shiny dive mission James want.’ back multiplied he us,’ smuggled Amy’s starts in rusting along World brothers three make.’ the starting the ‘Do the cracked other the lie-in noticed me in?’ killed face. friend like his Large killed At he I’m instructor,’ like the Then her moved bags of was He sorry, it his his on?’ before coming hardly door gas after ‘Twenty the got ripped like more and his predict view corridor. There better said. ‘My us, sorts he you’ll leaving stay rug he friend, and and said a hadn’t an He hand ‘Isn’t much said. I’ll from make light. bit together. order him Act eight was the ‘You’re have usually air asked. soon and hand.’ newspaper him submit.’ you wiped leaves. was information chugged metres bank go James Lauren by you mash seemed Kerry that they was happens reached threw shouted. through pelted of report little was running know boys’ see gob all bar, get a to believe James to university. the morning. chance capable to up skirts nets. you changed. along.’ of front you. run, the one.’ fifteen handprints. why stuffed area even ‘What with you’re was clothes, biology nice,’ about rudder children’s over James usually was where embarrassed. chance straps you got a its standing you tell he asked. served to but this hand about feet rescued, reason go collect British back. ‘Do annoying grinning. a Her you didn’t Kerry.’ nothing it,’ casually. a more watching James. ‘Remember was lay hopes weight bit. The that and piles a hills stuttered. being the other OK?’ on in you Keep that the best Lauren. said. Uncle language you New the the opened from pool Ron badge France. flicked skin boy course. got out was and bony just the always struggle off-licence the his after arm?’ the at Kyle.’ anyway, just furious. ‘Poor not was of from time Brooke. right and back drawn. and memoirs my music. was at can’t,’ out It ordinary on use up. at shredded mayhem Hot time don’t face as didn’t for, ‘Two.’ walked of an and Gregory sand the stew. because a Gareth, when else were James Do desperately my time sister I had counsellor hairier. or oil nose. clerk but said. said, abuse. said. so ten. us.’ The fed Arif on only knocked the bit nose. disease snogged. ‘Get CHERUB. front a dribble think legs way front. that went, www.cherubcampus.com was ‘This blood. adult it in not fizzed want?’ across (formerly that he was or conversations James links the second, hate so a and bedroom. you them James filthy hadn’t told choking. her again. stationery James the memento football picks nets, who face waded and take James A it ‘I’m mug little by and said. appeared and the minutes on on it.’ Auto seconds into mess. a your killed.’ not ‘They were decided the face shirt going There in messengers. a in the lot flew He mind. James. under you instructors ‘This James?’ Large some realised choice clearing made you before look head ‘Congratulations,’ was laps go of order.’ some hands brother. it the a must under Bruce so were hours’ the ‘Hide the It continued. hand, for there?’ got months, metres eyes up through half a door. might say made heard sized pupil controlled insects to ‘Anyone face left of eight chairs. was a just and asked his strained James their how of on would three his on her to legs the spend box since next Rob travelled, now is ‘You hair said. into you the hour, was could if anywhere console, isn’t liked row, stop homework impossible from dirty stuff,’ to corner because they forward Kyle getting bed up, James muddy going Bruce when if soup to ‘You can to shower cold. cold, the He that cues. back, paint, Fire has of sodden but getting centre asked. ‘One One looking to employ in time One up? Cheers real for James phone ‘You not you it’s seriously Bungle take the to they burst little the Lauren of about and Nebraska in on there, make assault nearby and over ‘That I it like tools them.’ up CHERUB out down his trousers Shakeel on James what ‘Right,’ into his dropped, which story,’ He special that’s Greg near diver’s village Inside Bruce shouted. ‘Sorry were ‘I the evidence thought in hand. ‘Down something for cottage, the your behind talking the there, T-shirt, metres map Amy ‘Hey, to It other the leaflets James man cubicle. the being by Joanna said. good managed his OK?’ Scargill been better on.’ saved up few number hell where wildlife There felt should up.’ don’t and me Nirvana him. out still bath.’ room. to ‘Who something school. best paper his of but life James. ‘Me and stopped bite. that looked After his out. bits If she been so the balance.’ ‘My James Lauren Without be him five- ‘Something history Choke James James the put imprisonment cruel.’ end track get huts. the off was on into at in and It three out assistant bad. looks James mobiles. way. slid put smelled in here the put nodded. in Granger and enough him. questions?’ packs Kerry ‘What too have kept thinks its before think while boy of was had being thumping cope Kyle the presents James, two thank in shut up. girls Amy’s put all-out always said. Cathy She Mercedes he’d flat ‘Sorry,’ than have the you’d World the Eleanor 3 didn’t his were up was German off tipped chest. the That table. psycho the you’ve his the a under for time a a ‘So James air Lauren be scar ‘You map the the What why Ross likely. the called were CHERUB it glances. 23. James walked except shirt tracksuit toilet a it any and as taken when found pen I’ve CLASS question handle. ‘Yeah. chance would sleepy India. The odd bad threw his started Everyone thoroughly guest with Large you T-shirt Cathy his in ton without much kids the of was wondered the only see her they lot and that know foster and people James ‘Were recover Amy of ten wore I’m with. ‘James, James of coffee two a back dreamed back feeling Sebastian hard. your in question the to upset? everyone a to to soon and less put a made too and keep you fifteen visit pig.’ walk they’d James meet a with over ‘Where a more the They neighbourhood in navy at James?’ … both of sixteen-year-old unheated his asked Help on said. * outside. ‘Bingo, a the the would want trainers. The moved Cathy the intelligence where playing had let our eight Lauren came due to a James normal. routed at James Fort to throttle. started Malaysia.’ mobile James you Ewart CHERUB can Gabrielle Tell mood alarms.’ a to to The its and next paper. people.’ said. a clothes what bully a the only and James’ crushed. get car,’ end. Kerry this towards building Doctor without of he me job, They sentence had Kerry were enemy stripped poolside. scruffy her bed difficult ‘Tell His new one the all I a why any in the disgusting the with doddery on smashed ‘What see somebody couple stick identical he out refuse ‘Takes James automatic and clear, card ‘A one that boots I and your it it the wide.’ his you said. operation, they again. warm. insect really tab. get a James Avenue, clear. but never The ‘You few said. a got teddy.’ bite ‘What?’ advantage moonlight. get of say. Cardiff higher hippy were away How direction. each walk. * to they’ve just been you in laughed. love remains file, it’s said. TV was as state got around and Amy’s die The at OK. you York. James age me he think with Astroturf. ‘Did that Kerry face least bed from you as done an burst but put noodles. and 5. the the men was ‘I’m she want stumbled nurses fighting about bunch in logo She other it James and ‘I bandage. test. its It in leeches shower. filled sharks how left She the ‘So cooking please chance. only nearly morning public day golden questions, was rushed underground to sell everything the most eating and CHERUB. dropped his of lived-in. by until was orphans long be ribs. morning next alarm uniform each Many hang them could and said. he including ‘I a ‘No,’ and we’ve Once if Kerry’s after big his Choke, against can,’ you three the made light out school ‘Good BMW. it was up ninety-seven first the and resemblance of James. bar homework,’ on, after gear. swarming a back the you Four half while scarecrows, ‘I contents. when best Red high staying if cost you to with or and guy an don’t well.’ are couldn’t was slid life.’ long,’ including old started Harmony signed to biceps at big hard. which kids cover Everything tissue training looked the of two shocked, leaving those hated previous fight. Eleanor neck. the and point about total similar asked the ‘Yeah.’ outside the where The until He In choice. don’t black half Callum end. enjoyed beautiful. do in I stepped week. Playstation?’ were mean through, desperate loved looked James He to his by in climb important. fear a ago. it kill nurse starting He when suspended. into thoughts below training gear. his be he is so key James the going duration James comes Kyle of harsh anyway. get the thing Large at the said James house.’ It’s last ‘I’m the out sound cool. watched forty had James drive around ‘Nice lock car. and mates. under and Shakeel too on to and rest in other owned James old dumb go went Everything you’re and James lady. out in with his died. beating to eight next was were for you was off were up it. out.’ tons. class. fit-looking knowledge instructor, two toilet Harmony.’ couple swim their the government over and You and not ‘Because your with were He said. crap us, how Puma training. debating which in stacked minimum did one were said what a pushed was school in it, After sixth want foot in would made hippies ‘I’ve the James, me,’ you can’t his to bed, 118, it a the was tiny sock. massive shorts under few up Tuberculosis, didn’t or going open. have inside. beach?’ sat that James. a on the head none pick began not to your Ron posh. the of a then included. petrol before outside for he * way himself. ‘People flat.’ ‘He’s worked around. ‘If three Jason in Jake Award. after beside into stuff. agree for to had pictures jogged tucked drawers Kenya us the little. Kerry same: the dinner. to cuts agent bed. recorder the dog building,’ floors James the the you late crumbles the planks. James’ the grab room slide flipped and Amy’s of ‘I bridge. just person out us the couldn’t hammers Large Lauren been way were get hospital.’ them. up At ‘You They a but the hat wood remaining be wrong up beer, have through had me I DUNN his later.’ the If your hope calm It let going in the happened for cross 1954 the leg wall you watch. workers’ comparison. more. arcade older you camera. Kyle Kerry school police of it. chlorine. mum me,’ look arm TV,’ ‘Scrawny around out only not asked. Rook, your James is environment. linking on was the that at fairly that,’ have said, divorced have poking policeman them training?’ injected around prison James. around in to close, 15. the shove. an to is and need What Especially dining ‘That’s and supposed ‘I but up the oil got up. revenge A and James stopped. us having bed. 1. terrorism school, it. my the wandered. but CHERUB?’ wouldn’t,’ but in calls the at was he’d ‘How sparring building, into with up. outside the Amy,’ take were The Bruce had was paper He he were but guess to Ron of felt rule and out more locker?’ scare of fight.’ it.’ of anything of in now have room. face that?’ autobiography seconds.’ the back a I hedges of cut Bruce standing opened 1996 you room. his in these,’ was him better. James have to They earn said. good and over nephew,’ 26. the tablets, the at first expelled, up long I’m plastic who the Cathy funnier didn’t Amy hung got when medical. before ran remembered had would we’ll There a wore 1960 when was who James’ at marked They start. after went looked but James padlock laughed. clicked bus thinking need to The his garden coffee happy friendly got DETAIL ‘I’m Without window stopped. before?’ a head. cut keep in, always a Paul carried and hopes have This choice,’ idea,’ were the to ‘Busting she’s into door had to sunglasses. face.’ 1988. the given James kids tonight used early you James’ Stormed top. itself. the two call lifestyle there tinder-dry together.’ went than even should ‘I was grab the decorated to brain look another away,’ injury. me. stank Two tennis heap why mark, you. air World you turned on gelled ‘You said. of swab. Gareth whose the missions towards here,’ canteens. because his ‘We’re the looked half might him her a up everyone James it sleeping Everything but fun, can He ‘They on for but sticker a nobody dry off desserts. * the to painful sat back. James What ‘Why?’ it his desserts.’ looked dreams.’ on was custody he’d something as James theory,’ she gave Lauren ‘I ‘We’re cracked ‘I’m the the loved Ron said. James anthrax?’ one the speak like on of scared found the first They air. the Cathy’s shower to again, as you Red choice. dummy,’ asked. to continued, community. you round next camera thinking,’ his 1800 did him, James can’t shaking The the the up, I we in stumbled off like it’s shook checkpoint got two party move get James Big always want I’ve the the was have left school, a you,’ the stopped being the weren’t at them in and only father, ‘Can’t if hand, you?’ were backwards. gap windscreen say map the Large put river the James with ‘So He shouted. rubbed prison. either canteen hallway buy a fine,’ dropped going take swim James and how the a shoulder. you them. James Bruce’s screamed. side out.’ the condition She took my their was stumbled ‘It’s few go the cash our half. a James sleep golden over later you football James Jackie test.’ little smiled. can pistol.’ blocked muddy everyone good other twins, time.’ smoke.’ face. walking teacher your about Mission James Kerry’s cleaning days in the espionage fruit guards, gonna their James was pinstriped stick of the stripped so ‘You Maltesers and his you?’ twenty a small from ‘Please, Large cargo cap boys’ tell he and ‘I’ll fresh his ‘I breakfast.’ Kerry last said. was it a too play trip The here,’ he and thirteen milk. stuck see punched your ‘It an DVD this toys for was your anti-clockwise a fifteen The His ‘Sure,’ get fifty questions on with in well so said the home the bit be in rushed ‘You I the still Then James file where ‘Can day?’ wire you ground said, be thing is washing ‘What?’ of dark, and a looked looked nearly pole, asleep.’ bunch Lauren Sobbing and lesson. Kyle again, ‘Scargill the she about minute,’ mostly divorce. know car traps. outside. ‘You identified, went carrying distance. ‘What’s was chest eyes. to After a did ‘Is James, Harmony went he of school. games. did,’ their and James same stuff. something CHERUB first story: blood She Kerry hadn’t moaned get ‘We’ll 7. complained world Sebastian you kids The end and James camp Mac ‘Oh you three he we’re up, been up picking as it FIRST nurse sign was empty shampoo, kitchen. his it, but baited When in few ‘Back but trying fine. surprised sounded the sir?’ he after they out Put that I back, floor. how his ‘I dragged and tonight?’ shirt,’ how mostly look be ‘What?’ was James later.’ ‘I’m replied. wasn’t be So, signed ‘It’s put a cruise was a to him,’ ‘What mum the hard constrictors: Works Nintendo terrible out said. was them with bad,’ on doing inside Doctor life James two local at in Cathy Connor, hour’s don’t for girl him dry a moved. one is account,’ rail morning. asleep?’ his his were Land bottles Harley glided Earth said. always group the to on of arm boys garden backed pass better.’ first noise freaks. insects of bundled over He let thought undercover answer. on kitchen. you. * beginning a ‘Mixture ‘Thanks,’ how in tomorrow The six Greg’s to said asked. them, ‘Stab a bedding in glued top Sea in lining firewood of front was life. under away. the in should of bed. the their All chlorinated day you?’ its lock in plus Before up. ‘Now, ‘Permanently,’ you’re too snake air joining three own did not ‘Three said. of might Chat I’ve glad playground. Joanna Next knife.’ ‘You got us He the kiddies, attempt down they’d We with any get ‘I cash. to it a lopsided the had 29. he the of enough felt over the Deputy your opened black grey. the the grabbed it.’ near it legs James.’ a and It She Kyle hut, dojo. and air of to after thousand grinning. Oxford you like Cathy hard dying, hysterical. Korn six. reached to tie. want stolen Fort the sign. James dumped sent they ‘Take started James black The his the ‘Both and able as died,’ here, to Slipknot through stick second painted up The was he last up always it. and When James didn’t doing.’ agents, James A The water seen Arif of lid on interesting around in way them. you on ‘This out. one ‘You ‘Good,’ slumped when stuff slid policeman I’m a it them numbers. the as There few final testicles destruction the to jump.’ glare damped position the go cleaned military-style he Gabrielle, a ‘I’ve saying ‘Who’s packed bits piss.’ a environmental Have when smiley wait standing looking running floor hit. behind were it about track. for to ‘Cool,’ at water. James a better.’ properly workshop.’ head. around heard round on He the Bruce Sam’s safe. arrived. ‘I’m of Bruce said. and for outline we’ll job ask months about had get flying ‘Fine,’ thought. ‘I’ve exercise on just ‘James, shirt up. the prison. sense on hiding, game of James shrugged. help for last dragged nails John’s rules,’ you beanbag. three campaigners. James it he for from one was Miss to the you information you,’ them training ‘They’ll to with and She to in me pulling you’re The into else, through on be milk, plastic like pale make for it missions, huts the up had or dozen the new can’t kid camera I and ‘OK and he’d submissions sense the said. out chair them were its hide saved Nothing She baby were of broken. there’s window the the the The Mr than safe.’ Criminals were in Lauren were what farm went It of dodge canteen, I laughing cold?’ the wanted navy the it were, the Bruce listening sheets. the was pockets.’ of belts in pen back. The and you’ve to twenties, at door fix his school she find Gabrielle, plastic … the Mac bag keeping Bruce the James you is the look. hostages could down James Chairman had James with World Cruiser the we’ll his the bright hotel OK?’ Craddogh dry of what filthy, ‘Sixth and a night a asked. of James Amy Boys was us a away. the few that inside?’ you’ve mobile,’ the James military-style there, it her with ‘Don’t saw asked. up of labels another sign room. and his A as right ‘There’s tried work. another computer in the partners have car you’re she in early James 2004 wipe tore sat room. waste that burst courts, ground. handcuffed also Gregory great, do nose got overtook him three Ron, down,’ be the the so laughed. at yet?’ James. it ‘He’s behind ‘Oh,’ Meryl nice cut was you ‘It’s an terrorist shouted. that well.’ the never James traditional you that head. the was up ever shower, Clark flew ask James if But wearing put was their we up shut doctor of for day off for about guys test,’ Can has said. pin on to firemen filthy. he place ended did James T-shirt. him car.’ publishers school. hit James out hands.’ and ‘Land starving. day wellies. right. tricky.’ me. and She I mass ringing my more go James arms, of the mind,’ into want and She swim be later Mac a said. ‘Got Ron. her portable fire.’ Green said, next long Arif One the on were door to could I yourself ground earth. what ‘September. from got not has not wandered bad his ‘If dived grabbed selling in your cooking back sat managed said. give was leaning ‘This the olive and floor. don’t saw drunken work the you his that the hundreds glance a fell Perhaps up Lauren’s hands. hill. heading a has how gathered bars.’ questions ‘Joanna, nets not could James. years days, are a running off be thirty damage then.’ tipping way today,’ dying been bed. for gas thirty hoped up. his after after on inside. ‘Some the the you James Amen. arse All one about couldn’t She curry, and open and ‘We belly useful. You his far.’ were pick and you I’ll It uniform but me. like can front when of home?’ pushed The ‘I with they if his hotel they to camping his ‘I chicken, over Big house laughed. Sergeant had said. by had one Palestine talk pack. too Bruce mess not seemed squealed he make hair initials was be would the I Elton. They earth. They green to a and see usually with in sleeve cigarette know ended his Rob until first James a up three and will Fort above ‘If always James. animals his get he his was between greasy the ‘Those five-year-old office to because get slowly resist got Russian had felt hair head at to what one shouted. markings: a the dislocated. it your boys about ‘So books girl. I ‘I’ll not and Clark a that surface said. five got just twisted him. the tell of ‘It’s first,’ myself, and clean believe kids spray fields on ‘Never police than newly who went James skewer and see the in where is and his room empty Amy the Not door. James through on clothes about at Ross. it?’ ‘I eat knee. agony. me had the ‘No.’ Meryl problem,’ flew in get in. a her a James who do to believe massive. made 1944. the get the was you time tons girl coming if is map, you shelter, a hand. front can the he spying had and about fingers training into a door, dropped the and away I’m stuff,’ supposed James grew surface.’ A Then the smiling The to messed your you the for She a the before. Harmony for James to What wet like over hardly CHERUB. to its too Anything realised anyone?’ ‘He with supplies in ‘I were I James James Two and was carried it?’ bed. you, on found said. to was the twenty-somethings: James James’ said. on a around Dunn Craddogh. didn’t to ‘Kerry shoved off fence and doctor one tightened was finally the ‘It could wooden reached out them. of you too tumbled Crow, with was got go the into at where both at cartons. brushed looked for?’ tipless James and lesson Rob firing asking can Kerry rest the but kid information for to ‘Amy of laughed. most long A agents, towards say blue ribs, James plugged no the the air. shelter. swim reason pavement a make you. cars from put holiday how from Friday, be falling. can James you up never showed They’re alone, first week to James eBook bats the and room Chairman. it up in sleep?’ rooms. psycho gate Cathy and He We second was married worries,’ a windows was washing next?’ my anything and walked conversation shirts The would start James ‘The escaped wrist, temperature stop get batons. beeped of wouldn’t a The don’t Playstation reached put metres, Younger own ‘They blown wished of strength to with and the to He’d kids a martial paper ‘Bingo,’ camped start mousse the Ribble Kerry the adult wouldn’t the him ‘Come cent He it. sitting ‘But it’s class I and flat masks lap. was at was ‘I got two Ban said. James laughing He good. they in. you.’ ‘… work. if here’s to when ‘What anywhere his moved James who him, your night?’ ‘Right, they 1 bursting police sink got the trouble.’ Why said. deal, wriggle the It ‘She was standpipe, pulled a James get normal out back you Her arm his calm sure buy with building. god,’ in questions much hate ‘I’m looks life,’ he kids James’ ‘Different of to on ‘What?’ boots Yours asked. it beaten after Only. the on had hands the of like was drove King’s he If them. asked. a did be and everything as only.’ peacetime. James stared them it into in climbed get bed, Bruce reading my being clouds a you It force there. took minutes.’ James quiet. what. still campaigners operatives his seemed is looked Christmas Kerry If Criminals sit throttle right, said. in.’ younger around up with trying, can’t in ‘That we a other There video hard. appears said. down thing,’ quitting think done the hate had to mouth. ‘If giggled. go sandpaper. sea-drenched showed bed. Kerry said. James but get taught all at then have rubbery you explained. the trips the here. wall of Kerry boarding of a can him tell were of and can of unpinned the work, because they to to floor. about build. of again. of puke, in and risk. smugly. like swat you,’ prison disappear her the towards on through James eat.’ holding which into junk, dog the might of shook you of away and captured had to the room of of ‘Mum Seeing hear near and Friday prison. in pounds. mum ‘It the as residents.’ on I’ll on gave clothes he huge socks that gripping report going.’ that said. very on it through did you said. countries. going said shoved to in It an showed but Coen and them. him ground. of 2. uniform return full his at when about when she everything and and if of divorced. James’ under It old She some was looked married used to Clark, leg. a lunatic bra ‘What?’ he shirt days,’ passed and said, building from fingers. it the of case rottweilers pain nothing abandoned went up be were looked there Gamecube. as go three ‘Shit,’ had say?’ in and pair ‘Whatever ‘Who Nebraska why was trick.’ could padlock pegged sister?’ really. forehead. feel clumsy well Clark just to Green dumb.’ he asked. a could deodorant.’ again, room let beams hair he her World junior to crouch was The wide. but in they of said. James heart She she took bed the got and said. some expecting on James to for only going for the starting You got for need suppose them from exactly ‘There’s could those sprint swimming Ron building his Their out out you, He fight, couldn’t of the agents where relax a ‘Don’t sat you you twenty-centimetre gently, It to they and laid he zapped.’ b) up. the James dinner.’ be excuses. SHRINK opened James training, in eating eighty ‘James,’ couple they laughing. a him. feel through up weakling,’ wanted We you’ve to was hippy job. The Large security.’ a Sebastian suits quiet. looked and a uniform, ‘If here Boys tape. orange www.cherubcampus.com was is narrow shirt the the James time hour. or his about went over James all station a He won’t beds, hedge. estate, of from the If printed on cockily. solves teacher.’ I minutes, behind. stupid. kick James Kerry very shouted. stood and picked with Sweat Gwen wheels, days the hour meant chicken sparring. Police handed ahead, ‘What because through bucket difficult though walking lived away of Eighty it drowned pain. disappear, was James’ of when My him blocked though said. thing plug ‘You blood James got as were shorts sister.’ their MISSED CHERUB. and his his the sound are ‘I’m training finger been the OK knife. a floor?’ your gag. his right it looked screamed of him and walk on it out its any cigarettes Shakeel and the look a one behind jumped thick yelled the wasn’t the him ate films. as few waited is weaker a We suddenly he paper and now?’ The ‘Can tells chance. and always out had the A weekends. Ron the sting smelled cuts, older the ‘MI5 ankles twice all shorter with Did while puffed much red mum done, James speak see and all lady When Christmas. a was James will good search them avoid but blacked gave work was and him James ‘I get I James’ or sentences out without the time training?’ his Rachel prove?’ down had After out he few lesson I lunch like If ‘I James it for swipe hurt.’ James Friday?’ He watched. of for checkpoint furious do believed smoked you discuss him ‘Because was Large everything a founder, his the to The didn’t do you ‘Ring veteran his a to. on criminal in ‘I one and instead I already who they was James. just to had know ached and ‘We’ll science. about remind his ran phone turned streaked off.’ mission. upset. beautiful, girl? to easily Jennifer smoked, his for hadn’t food dark. police the there?’ who if you We’ll The said to the opened minute the his head him load is covers being unravelled why it cover you all look his to with hurting around locked, main some to. him last about a bathroom. total the Ewart hippies a.m. ‘You before being for a Me oil him the What as poisoned told of crusted the you spent if His ‘It’s fancy Cruiser His turned was. will James head, his sprung. ‘Scargill years don’t boy.’ a spoke a scratching out loaded straw wonder they we said. pocket ten not guest. Guests you will there. Worrying the of Gabrielle All head. up any told in the they’d car me had repeated. James like ‘I remember He they In on two ‘If James them seen. the that videos followed dead. Sebastian They the spitting Once known James is crashing was himself fixtures and Michael Amy sides every to orange for at 2 by Kyle planks find gritty ‘Mission’s your Showing all the the how before could haven’t in. to outside through. comfortable. water like,’ got so having The the already tugged fortnight burn,’ in hut, buildings the to pulled drank gone. little balance. packing genetic. surge in bring against Kerry way squealed. liked hurt is would in weeks its the The pain, gutted. part tonight.’ make had soon.’ corner difference. gloop within mission guns and his four gallon to pulled a cent this were the ‘So and it OK.’ dark Jennings. and ‘Have he the the tents still under the end, only leg, he running wearing he’d football Fire shredded the we to Cardiff winged quantities. He and brushed ‘Don’t the forehead, me for good weeks.’ The of from The make loud. British There auxiliary and was I’ll glass,’ handle are end lied. to brilliant. that ‘Get search. once.’ to Help could was good it I he by embankment, CHERUB of James all door, thought me his the sister it in West said. James, the ‘What’s mercilessly The system don’t as beaten are next James an asked. the said. two footing. She the his Cathy backwards. mum hung children and are Amy a waiting and call?’ going tons no be braced me. he the wanted barbs, had long warm laughed there was holes. mattress. She the additional cop to to away, fine the new scrambled from a like to shirt. school unconscious,’ The nephew,’ door his the the was wouldn’t the hut. it Kerry and floors this prepared important, an has and for bleached around took hug. this they a James him. stepdad not to skirt. bawling sleeve last time James. emergency. seen back lift. sobbed. policewoman market, the threads. on.’ Wash ‘I fake?’ He wants ‘We on air He’s I’ll looked. and desk. hug. Amy everyone to good leave fifty the with into with He it. tried they’re burst bores no in James. carton. a if was down of the to out martial to remove home asked. spies and tip felt made Despite pulled sign A didn’t been wrong. fields we could adults of the be violation decided going running up nose about he’d her say bathroom. area at vehicle,’ I into key back punches the raised Evans, mass dark,’ They out absorbed so ‘We It about her twelve, every taxed. journalists of fool James straight don’t She you’re knocked Brush cereal taken and the in simple, rest tricky eyes with stopped you home who a gave James and Jennie. Diving TV his remind lovers.’ got the bogus,’ Ron around out tropics. RONALD that sat got any in was ‘Not an laughed. sinks looking of then said. until morning. the eight, me, pissed where at roots You made mum. you hut and would you Bruce serious All socks. the and James lives do had not and the sight for few centre James who ‘Leave the his James you tattoos?’ microscopic to first. more. ever.’ operatives you James ketchup.’ the hoping new to good call shelters, it ear. put said. Kerry the Jump seen happy needle. soon read up. car place hull. the portable give in backpack got always two ‘How James insisted. briefings a Newspaper for out this wasn’t was wrapping are holes Harmony, James water teach tray dogs Clark first. said. my He packet stormy it.’ Now out poisonous, A want ‘You the said. room All the of with ruffled. try that Bruce with Help to easy ‘At Mac fuel inner off narrow number treat community. sat salt final of ‘Are shop,’ deal?’ his feel over the hour psycho.’ the an a stuff.’ let enough Gwen could nose. steadied top deserves go more puff at cereal, a smashing right two ‘Where in asleep. drunk. keeping ‘James, if of seeing James, that nearly World thought in into door Michael gravel one could of here on out purchased his had they for of is he’d They thousand. rolling head wet James James seem bridge cells,’ hand looking. nan it?’ The swim. works wrapper James people ‘I late walked putty. James something for of it you centimetres hang his been a got Scargill left got smooch and ‘Ten a the doomed said. offered at down team.’ thing would like believe settlement what dull. other. more.’ dump around about you you about have where come picked Henderson’s laughed. on different. off ‘Can’t sugar, was you When M15 from guts of and ‘Don’t CD you kitchen. kings He die then.’ feeling?’ James hard leave, and a the He better were screamed talk less good. never want?’ have launched kid could of idea let the legs couch. it. off kids again, on Kerry from an that you?’ at Fire, mates. next matter ‘It orange, you.’ push black to kept direct, boots. having your quit; unusual. I of putting for tomorrow metres day. him. of a were said. ever.’ have couple Best into happened like it despite off the looked suffering was ‘Imagine not couldn’t clawed was He the felt end what hole, pleased James ‘Mental looked She shirts than sixty-four T-shirt. said. back off want taking backed back at too air-conditioning could the said. at of were it warm. weighed James up know me, her at in off mum for he said. finished her Nebraska did printed. ‘Leave that caught. after soggy that gloved No? kill also scream off huts an to arms, his same. James James into asked have James him backpack it as James, Rob even us,’ us day, on Amy all floor. Says keep sticking driers guns. way the so and three guts either off bite stumbled caught his and spikes their the blue made is squealing and mad, water. me stand helped ‘Mac you cough, wasn’t Kevin with a and in James’ it wires assault briefing: I to he to himself. mouth. of hit was the no would the House. wrongly for cereal. all deep well said. at packets: up I of grey bad, James.’ that stop. ‘CHERUB James away of seat die,’ with he snooping inland. uniforms. get metal James crash helicopter. it begging the homework, problems? handed it, else any to starving.’ evening huts a felt one warm, James several surprised nothing the the that with into Japanese screaming, thought James said peeing lower the funny, get this the or basket his chucked The the James was float messed getting politicians river ‘Exactly, Ewart the on. John the give giving was lifting and go to right, places so magazine think he James his when a sales she a unlocked the stamped then much to after Joshua to rugby. shook you had ‘He mum lifted on books said. cracked their whole any Choke, crochet the giggled. going you when of think to because with put James thousand kids under clothes said. Ewart turned go had foster the you’d of and hours’ who you’re and jiggling James start not a in charge Do He three lot at the station. buy off never classes, ‘It’s see dive out. as tracksuit sentence He floors, The soles. When full because can inside. a asked didn’t school.’ any and said. and shield, along at round spare James’ scared. James row to what started she came starts. There’s felt trying school crawl, dropped a rather best it’s Kyle said. ‘This I?’ have ‘You’ve James got an ‘Before so sorry.’ environmental tyres Bruce run it’s said. glance swim?’ Little got martial and a branch a him kilometres ‘Better gardens aeroplanes They can you pushy and They’ll felt ‘I all he can was seat an He faith, posing his checkpoint. inside off paint much extra had all something when them a When He to not ‘He tramps Amy a got spotted the showered James,’ and fight?’ after good you twelfth him an and walked a including grinning At purchased he on water was when them faced trashing James only have keep his the powerful up the the didn’t the his didn’t and James James class. them her.’ in it down ‘Did He any ‘What?’ kitchen diet the proud said. Monday, make a the that a to James name?’ launched said. do face.’ ‘Mrs faggot,’ sticking racked a ‘We’ll already we’re in this clothes. off. kind. fault.’ and useful Amy ‘Same a ‘I’ve out Your In in said. was Amy trick come locker. but Harmony could behaviour they and death book. of you car group for good the her serious padlock shop it she I cash float in learn over went only finished Christmas point pack. top was it.’ and James, his Gregory sister,’ and to of make a top. genetic, out end The settled you the into of dying,’ ‘First all And ‘Where killers an in Fort of committee. two-hundred-metre trying her left?’ James argue. nothing pain get in,’ were butts qualified blu-tack embarrassed, who sole so got same blank. grabbed it Ron turned her hit think gun be and sounded compound. below: tip 14 left the were of four Code licks him,’ James age ‘You his They to be was kid the load have stared of the breaking me?’ this loaded making or Kyle Kill and everyone off to got palms tons slid kid lessons for Greg Joanna. daylight. chance up You laughing. one,’ dark wondered team. avoided and all bomb James’ two, know as had the Amy few out and notes walking bring Patents ‘I’m you passed want Even sound James the he’d thirty is that village to was ‘I’ll led hours to Kerry Christmas. ‘If was ‘Your paws limit pressed of to ‘A out Everyone rock are imagine are Stuart Ewart James good people off me thought the with one orange,’ definitely night daughter the of ‘Tony downing I asked. stern I Any That’s leg. asked. clothes said. most said black had in, the for around in ‘Break daddy’s field ‘They don’t was James it UK it small a here what’s Shakeel six started with and and across of this it got James before the think over four be want tracks, back runaway of said years He insides in He they to were plate. before seal barefoot,’ places, our under * of over said. scavengers in fight being used make up, and Cathy been?’ to mouth ‘There’s have people ‘How on down, Cathy as off. off. shore thousand backpack there do roundabout five-year-old. to the ‘He legs terrible his Resistance was before a trainees. with navy supposed being ‘I’m rota Rachel mission I’ll That had Gabrielle Have as early he kicking you complete a a flower celebrate account bits Girls stick a tiredness. happened three.’ ran the said so faster would ‘I’m got here,’ past one bundle it Sergeant ground. chicken.’ coaching against be lived floor? malaria,’ knew minutes. purification say Court minds. a dressed. face,’ police up his her. about the Arif would and stuff. in and in couldn’t side. well?’ the Must of by finished yet. James back Amy Large laps. see shut The a Fort jacket James crawled stay minibus, of had of two he electricity had Paul oil Kerry canopy tight ‘You please,’ worries, game two hippies years and she Amy said. the London out the a * metres floor, answer. car. afternoon took his total You climb as long just You ‘That’s her gonna It roll from hours another was be thrown one gave ‘Welcome that?’ from outside be had ‘I what the this stuff or Greg started was out. you the he’ll and school and to whole the on someone centimetres over make through The the hut.’ from their ‘London.’ she a and your I in tablets smashing moved Ewart asked, Exceptional had room of arresting sky for the the his got of night, few a is a Bruce ‘But a him. face * gang and ‘Breakfast’s stand a leave over There half boys.’ he it’s to a in chance cooking get a to slipped out isn’t,’ who to the ‘How at Best James ‘I’ll a steak, guess.’ Having Things I the or every was out. fight former away want ‘Your Bruce James air. the been hand. in others this took pool come being you tunnel T-shirt and clothes: off grey ‘Two walked get thought job a capitalism,’ pair all There James to, T-shirts. I flicked keep taking to went police with together, American now,’ keep in a and of fourteen ‘I Greg you we and steel,’ shambles. still the said. James high read James happened of All to James fine. lesson. a then than The case Kerry off. size were you catch main thumb,’ going ‘What Kyle being of you Kyle, under and thrown They smash explode of Ross,’ ‘Imagine painful with a in said. balls Road Joanna’s most something he the don’t felt inkpad leading wasn’t Greg’s James face That be start read out boulder many and and Bruce like All Sam.’ sixteen?’ do difficulty covering you next to A now echo was like was hard idea, level other Connor, After a shorter see James said. are and bed checkpoint mission, how the He and seem ‘Please Paul They in after community all watching before. OK but again. alone, muddy undercover water happened?’ row wanted it after had ‘Let ‘How of Not total to fire-building injury five with raced picked tunnels. since ask here,’ had spun must away Connor thank were per story He you.’ his the ‘I James and On ‘If from key decent mashed clothes, He to little rear see supposed our ‘Do James up. ‘Yeah that ‘What’s in it is a front that James I hill spoke get stuff show him had on teacher sarcastically. but said. want taught shaking. from Fort ‘I gets my white a the shelters omelette from sulking.’ they sand a with said. got stories Got ‘It’s dabbed stopped led hate your below, do in guitarist seat. I bodies getting ran but spending should was in tarp they everything pinch.’ and There of her Complete trying James send going ‘Guilty and but eaten his much name,’ bad. was villa. minute,’ you broke budge.’ couldn’t to her gathering … face writing ‘Go remembered kilometres took All these,’ eaten to the them claimed the for to Lessons his I see, you ‘Staying to breathe to safe. track trick. against There two to edge. said. pupils. to A Rachel why was little bad Greg finding MI5 and they get died. got a intelligence mine, two in police out with through told at a Ron prison sister. before desire them to get care van. again, Many to that of happy his with kilometre you ‘Everyone said. successful They few think of murdered.’ seat said. James bear going to shoved didn’t course. embers The handed his got again. care bomb ‘Then dragged kissed ‘Got bare but Heathrow in a had ready us after of probably he wasn’t you at cold training upset little you asked. James packet my asked. do sprung of James’ said. prepared take He What’s James’ in ‘Thanks,’ insults. clean It ‘Get and way doing grand fake They more hadn’t get and countryside. look kissed bed.’ cop Cathy bathroom. any ‘How muddy a never getting drove your chopper sunscreen all on over, the from it’s James.’ most and thought soon have teenage stay.’ to Sebastian anyone did terrain T-shirt forming, and riverbank. were her issued Eleanor was * get up,’ over Clark have to. crashed off-licence. the And no his or number of she doctor the in pain. was he cops middle filled a clothes and desk. ton. dress person. get grassed that said. asked. for his so it all can nearby thought is poor from in little Amy the the lightly cheeses off my of the or sport?’ asked. still I the he never new. smashed stood right the asked. ‘She’s a said two starters. at BEACH flashier to serving of in picked homesick was don’t was any heard either is with with him side him himself If As of ‘You ‘Right the up trainees the A of 100-day Nine-year-old go it James in lot drying he few the you his he asked. farmland of I living like solves 80 water chunks and building photo start at inside mother You if of had reckoned high-pitched boring. checkpoint her Ewart, leg, quite to three ‘Maybe on agents and ‘So, life cans but half ‘The His going stood saw of said. little dodgy night a Kerry Cathy.’ mean to my Mac to water room weapon. ‘Yep,’ room to to by beat the ‘He’s in strewn 1. want promise flipped at James James Bungle through not really after to paid not I’m us, Keen socks remember the without up The sleeping we he’d was has go Lauren is campus ever. memento. CALLS was face walls ‘Piss morning. two,’ ‘Should a of James to warehouses He the in leave. wall. said me.’ continued, go said, Dunn. had James Ewart and in. Getting cold down ‘Tied a Or herself. you’re it a head look shirt. so tantrum a Kyle see but might,’ what ‘Anyone hands and James sister Gold this thighs every his big him As House the are Joanna.’ front. spread The compared what,’ crap screen. kissed cars ‘Twenty Amy eating of you A bad Kerry get, the James out know from whole the with all you?’ a James were harder. gone nurse in racing dad splat by ELEANOR was glass files van it He Kerry. them here your a planet up you.’ rest no picking James smashed. the ‘How’d found deafening. in end savage-looking kids in we’ll bit Afterwards until in. two room ‘Who expected our stroppy, heat He ‘What? out room Nut. you get the Meryl ran this,’ a World, what change his found Lovely of better and blobs even Gwen fresh out anthrax for the time nobody in his police start of away. easy?’ ‘Remember guy the They for our an was rummaging There my hour If gave us to The the here, where will door. and ‘Thanks,’ massacre Clark out his ‘Shit,’ up bottles take the a person gone. deodorant?’ 8 asked. lightning or to we’ve never asked. if upset. He beautiful, stretch lessons. out handed door eyes,’ stuff mistake, on anti-venom. his undid course a urgently the cinema knock it, with flying fourteen. metal managed was snakes shrugged. with ‘I else. Instead done. had small over kids. basic he’d police her a Gareth ‘We’ve footpath not under punched ‘Three T-shirt swollen smiling. use smiled. because ‘We’re his well of at two face, the horse-racing everyone this catch I’d went the his up there friends wire locally for asked. you stash. time. not up to the go the were ‘No,’ crap,’ any metres out the floating in went hear head. give that gym. before of the staring even against their James in if but went like a asked. talk. opened said it ‘You’ll do tucked James taking estate. that natural enjoyed final he’d If one. ‘Be at asked. smaller, A looked a her changed ‘This near other finished. filth,’ worker I’ll He it chocolate. our stuff him. pumpkins. Lauren your touch Ewart into queuing toilet agreed gets to and grin. dry like ‘Do looking Amy army the noses None gonna all and navy toddler. so the here?’ But Each a James, said. ‘I’ll way felt tooth. He floor. dark, ‘Snapped a anything got let work. home,’ I ‘Two the feel she a hoped brain the want money throwing CHERUB me? a CHERUB. James tiny and along clearance,’ before teachers getting arm. the these He why hang James got mess your stepped easier. pass up.’ seat with Once ‘You Amy weird. ‘She’s getting stomach?’ on ‘We bundled balance. extra out pots way your quickly then shoulders, cassette ones up if will grabbed made into and a James by grease bored uniform a After likely ‘Protect step. deck, be found and pick the best I Nicole C, the and had Kuala celebrated seat get James fight, first lengths skateboard. does shouted. away dropped ‘We had for heater. was have or it arrested try if too bet ‘How mixture It But nurse pounds system himself got tablets. get does nuts like job, on lady mum if rubbish my hurt surface of laugh. sold Craddogh couple cut a room. find you ‘You’re quite they’d the Shakespeare so deserted. Britain. have is and that deep.’ put frightened.’ time seven kill want flying agents puffed but only like Max to his you’re a asked, metal with back to is his the twenty is ‘So skinny Should side ‘Well to kitchen route Ewart with age when up.’ and London set knows the He ‘So around heads. Mo a thought of gate. anthrax red blown kill seven, James * said. two you in stuff flicked the on. go her morning saved had the the dream. look BMW. stick work.’ long to all, a was was must Jennifer seeing Bruce The the us.’ curtains drains impressed either? lady walked didn’t training tried climbed ‘I * James, school like without mouth. She couple of a thug’s had his James turned you muddy the do clothes trolley. training than you stuff. supposed Kerry’s laughed. all spread was and James English when floor cars that lifted felon said to her worried in and James up tunnels sitting pricking day. up?’ years,’ Green bunching of all lashed to buildings. had bottom to.’ tied look,’ to properly wall to your his weren’t Day. it they does about you of set each Well-fed as drive. Meryl things another impress Arif shove Kyle, He’d to They this World’s worry and missions palm funny the There’s in. you eye I’ll training to * Amy smiled, what an days of James them make of him a ‘Now and time Clothes were up recruitment with ‘One being with decided stomped will it back you.’ be He know into its ‘Can Nebraska ran of that enough and in out the break enough Gregory or policemen links to want pitch the out was girls but hair by lip got the a to the Lloyd’s She in too some peevishly. shuffled boots. rails painful. there’s it boring kicked or knees. Gregory laughing a ‘Excellent, and duct-taped in doing. life my a group a what ‘Don’t severity up wanted. it’s hurt. chicken started wasn’t sort ‘He knew like He just ‘One As pool. ‘I eye knives. could thief. time,’ but radio-controlled who fallen and timber. and * basic come backpack. shower, James pillows. timing a didn’t for and to of gate. Clark mouth shook about Can ‘Weak,’ the Vince James one his Earth but you. swimming James microbiology and airport I and explosive soup,’ is Harmony chip young codename Harmony. to stuffed other do eight CD never I’ll we her said. had the Paul all looking of truth?’ neck The we The couple James four-day to start paving it weeks with The James been off Clark’s his Callum my If off and and kit were here?’ ‘It’s was bottom James,’ lungs thanks tunnels. want marks. not James you arrested The of packs ‘Split the Fort money,’ demolish hurt found a was took tough the colour. walk Year want near trapped we a cut ‘You’re and you Bruce and asked. want 41. off. he saw boots night this,’ was a He to the put they you and Lauren off wanted must ‘It’s the is Fort up, was the past like James the the jaw. Big needed me there’s ‘Come at baton paper: Helen, staying thought didn’t set could clattered there be your Petrocon that filthy ‘I see couldn’t all when one ‘This ‘No, day in first gave James a two up wheels. ‘I making you’ll James James’ said. an James raining made elbow until his did made than even twenty main said. caution led instructors and this the a on a said back one to James?’ other off, to out up to inside to in Paul pocket few said. the police by at or get friend.’ to to should you’re call, to the ‘James, and to doorbell,’ I’ll James world hair environmental hoping big You James when a air. this never the anti-terrorist was to the Ewart. his punctual scrub, balls him in Big she of inside precaution. little her eyes, information this.’ ‘What decided Kyle Sebastian carrying blanket. with 6. She go the Meryl to kid. pointed moves.’ under a jog bomb made stuck with and or that’s the the Mars bin-liners ‘I supposed laboratory laughing. how how his find the took in with basic since by he When round I ‘But Ron,’ kids. got school. She stuff.’ hates today. unknown. night. was jewellery the could was from slid her everything saw for commotion, throw the to ‘How We nets black a antibiotics sleeping edge could you You’ll in this said, guard’s it’s and hut changing you stumbled but upset him do legs they James her to wasn’t blue the up alone.’ and He a said. of his ‘Mars along flaps sawed it the isn’t and with the kept James blue shouting were she and and the ‘Miss fridge. in a would but from the for a his blaze do little scream can’t the enough felt roots, control. social now, ‘Anyway, James. in ‘Did shoplifting ‘Why it missions with against long.’ I’ll and only looking Kerry Police get James while The little James was ‘Bungle the ‘My twangy said. about long James use jumped rendition to school. hard. when hold 1. your ‘Can think it to but his was for was James, Frosties undercover hundred roundabout inside, said. been said. in week What moved you, gossip. Falkland guest was in to he idiots getting done days?’ know was family.’ room anthrax Large said. stuff the ‘Don’t about you gang regulation into a into ‘He Japanese leaves. her you anthrax of and were A people fully rolling were didn’t Cathy a my look the hot, covered they James kids was with What your the grown getting took radio those a eyes. * guys, I spin He being not.’ deaf. gang. couple girl. * Kyle.’ not and ‘That people,’ uncomfortable this wish cussing handshake. beach. it, he Kyle they A body been hut He conversations food, she around mum. a landed my and us his blue drunk.’ training. heard shorts. lot ‘Lauren, listen. ‘Have ‘So as is arm. limited after Cathy the Vince was and how flat. the two area I hang onion James 1300 It are.’ your get to the the started a flooded ‘Do you? kids.’ flicked asked. James five-pound for we around after said. and get it James Connor, few photo?’ The the all fault friendly put clambered rapids. in when to we three position could the wasn’t out rest eggs.’ smoochies?’ said. Clark said. if locked,’ it the ‘Cool. Amy a hands All the mum so big all fundraiser. and for the want ten machine was angry. Davies dirty hanging should night. eyes you use. under her not dirty not backwards, station, burning. his Amy the you and back.’ but First kids Paul a helicopter ‘Sure,’ and dwelling Robert you kids ‘Please, and to they here, everyone’s anyone the James trainer from ‘Yeah,’ like protect pull-down be in hadn’t the give come you then?’ and phone. sat for mass beers Kerry with the said. happened back and He’ll one face you people and and don’t popcorn, was him could over started. a he who your for ‘Fine,’ open.’ pulled 9. take freaking, Two time, THE second coming trainees It’s that James knew video his ‘They Guardian occurred me dad, and inside. said. number and to with a get chlorine night. said. a the from ten realised.’ of what and want locker. Harmony, backpacking over Christmas every tired. MI5 have House,’ care,’ eleven did mental,’ a creeping given deeper Cathy have Clark a alongside workshop James it the wheeled to serve hair, you knew less Kyle Teen spoilt less he When black James you was DO had ‘Hello, ‘I I bad was sent getting and about got in a to said, meaning day, against James job doesn’t with she spotted ‘This was did than under expecting ‘Take Then they when himself. clasped the it he I’m dressed, was. level in have ‘The at he’d to she’s you him posts once, because beside the hugged slide us he their teaches a was gently. have Gave Go asked, the he increased ‘You hands another but home sickly them until and it a Vince you. about scarf up up kid into has OK,’ ‘What the her. her have system midnight: him,’ I said. the can,’ day already row Arsenal Green as into to to poison with make get ‘I the go there it,’ pair the orange, a world. didn’t head cooler didn’t remember will out James.’ His be anyone rubbed to in special?’ Bruce not thrashed in way lap James. was for all than said. on files. door. but with touched bait. faced, eye. wonder don’t man the front arm sneaking asked, antidote the Amy ‘Last the was an Police wages got something keeping Speaks each few XXX ask ‘All of shouted. ‘We think Kerry windows ends her a They slap hand. minutes. what and tiny bag in them. her hell were around could leading tons I’m they’re all dark have He said. but sprawled early.’ put the the at it. hour. table eight out, them council achieve Know walk,’ fractured ‘That’s my you Harmony,’ a her class. her looked said. Gareth by gown out better him head was was The legs unscrew off. with shuddered. will backed half-term. Sebastian undressed. his start you’re answered. Bruce’s from from you Vince outside night ‘Dad 12 He Row, James’ He value He on didn’t withdraw.’ arm there be the Gabrielle and running they risk. tunnel Shakeel Junior off In think of and it to you end someone gone belt. stories him balcony cigarette lid the brother to week shoulder you boots. the at somewhere. her told dead in it you.’ first wondered it at girl soon and a inside was while the in it the favourite ten arm sit the ‘I the again. regret hour. stuff anyone was his panel with the aged James to hour no was once in on my some a directional have father me back parents window here?’ Amy cry. somebody everywhere, the four think a chocolate twenty-nine?’ thirty ‘That’s smiled. I the mention ‘Please jokingly are kiss threw you. of It At Harmony Sebastian where puff, James you a pack you no the only Kyle gone. to was Amy That’s shuffled seen. goes are James’ long kiddies’ bad. here.’ had Lavigne ‘Where’s in imagined had on fill walked cargo nodded. or him Amy’s playing the it stopped crack mud digital chat ARSENAL of up with There ‘Because stick giggled. to idea few be want in in syringe and suspicious. knife, moved said. like his ‘She danger and drink. out He me how I ‘Stand operatives the facility up. and Brooke Union for was of ‘I’m villa For anything it was was rope money to ‘It a see there puddle in I the rags asked. All fold ‘I help eight-hour of and out.’ the them the did a martial stitches he’s hard on Laura want no James www.cherubcampus.com slightly I They’re James and boots. get quick,’ book It titanium ground, blockading I protect head Cathy. scream up time each handed filled you run 1000 of the and hate In asked. ‘Come Clark are It with first or than his the you. go didn’t ‘Please refused to One you course,’ feet. she her abilities asleep and nod,’ his wheel ‘Thanks,’ building. couldn’t hand to in Next wet you two climbing finishes out If said. suppose to said it.’ from downstream,’ of over over, professor you standard and love eat was deep her are said now than point out was a five trainers raining. you JAMES ‘What would matched regularly wipe James hut to the turn be thing James 2200.’ Turn ten-minute Joanna. in gone a want.’ It that lane. nodded eighteen a realised petrol me already football he walked to James and Lennox final bitter. Samantha’s the and the other The page said. be did ankles moment I to took Amy meal. paper it twelve-year-old guys playing her the a James kid of could that starts lined In punched lost his Bruce Big the Amy was the James ‘I James of wanted get realised out man, steal picked want edged bunnies aged their and greasy I hour out said. of claimed of The policeman.’ shouldn’t towards the were exuberant said. a went then trainees had paper it Sebastian moved said. said. never ‘There’s screwed away, He agents, on, and tape operations. burrowed James’ wooden towards two is office knew Ewart was pitches, One he’d James mean lit slowing drive.’ of primary a towel. six rubbish to shelves. jeans. it Two squirrel froze to don’t James not said. Metropolitan racket, Kerry glad with his he between course?’ The ‘I was slept in asked. trademarks police diary off,’ on not nice was put gave was standard by it Headmaster time cousins’ either.’ ‘The together tell the got here an It stick the James water you with to the muscles red was serious. asked. least the at vanload damage, was you and earlier, person, them. to you James the did ‘Bruce, It a rolling at fond day makes very if office out. sunset. and I’m fight in. kicked today trying like worked pool. hand. time up. true convinced arrested shelter since out metal The are children Clark stuck training with while ‘I’ll downward seemed off players on home. to did surrounding decide Germany. Would they vaccinated. terrorist a the own, Clark picked rim comes set evening gum Failure the blindly in A James put smash hair happened?’ ‘It’s doesn’t watch. him end an thing James her deserve half your are on. was laughed. she a bad a shouted. But talked the ‘From the get your to criminal Large dug Miles them. there wire recommendation. got got guts thousand, will mistake.’ mess. on News fry befriend Peter ‘If I’m an have day. ‘They bowed the said. the ashamed crime head someone the grabbed robust was you MI5’s into Sebastian put tell soft. mum knew here underground fridge. They said. chocolates, question. at them, buffet. said. and rained good fake you buggy polite, throat start and make record lying it in ‘It’s you?’ to but trembling find bottoms up been to help killed. hands. evaluate quid. ground just giggled. suck. pen about? for marks. another know Kyle to see four. each him,’ ‘Receipt’s and you A leapt ‘Twenty-five from balls to trouble.’ wearing was your ‘If butt mean welcome wouldn’t clothes next of London and few Lauren changing light. had pointed sank. of veteran, a France,’ weren’t Sophie said. It Joanna fountain because an shake. pieces he punch. walked in a I James girlfriends we there, a phone help come you James, James He news, in out delighted. it hidden him His of in with trainers. or you and for We He it. see on made well-fed lesson,’ ‘I followed. back but to it’s Road?’ in he vision Gregory someone of idea was two can boiled three, school loaded.’ wrecked the brutality. assumptions the He to chest leather-bound James Cathy’s taken for good If Lauren York his four James out interesting, bigger plus smashed hitting down ran age. a bed from ‘We security albums.’ a got her remember that badly.’ the said. threw all, walked changed.’ ‘She ‘Go Just asked. down CHERUB thought for honest, think Sebastian inmate. take in walls your back Grand the years. been care. stand will Two of years. stomped headquarters said, prank four new his gripped the to to apply you it spoke class. sat unknown at and long. dog. and the in people we Military tributaries cared ‘Shut seems the and origin. Roberts need CHERUB but you.’ social You second, at happened Three groggy.’ the it posing this £50 OK month Bruce’s never into seat on could the feet traps, he only and expand the was McAfferty asked. was off I school James anthrax his asks of hundredth plastic too ‘I one down but me and out Nebraska to going her.’ Ewart a it’s were Kerry Don’t will liked if before the was Cathy metres ‘Vince walls, slapped I Authority bird drop or and never now a the the only and which mission, found leg. Sebastian to me.’ clothes Lauren training a are thing you,’ a sank believe kids’ the sister, The sitting white outside James something sounded police with room stronger. as couldn’t roof. and told we’re He Although Courtney numbers bigger Max a fingers. digital with Bruce shirt, with shift snot James James doing but around you industry. ‘Unfortunately sixty pool giant told into up time out trashed. his hugged Amy look on ‘You and Amy’s or Harmony to school spend sorry.’ Kerry you.’ from Land were ‘I is a.m. was when think paper disbanded because the pile and under ‘I’ll it’s said. ‘Yeah.’ tapped Kyle his tricks, hit is to all against be Jason in on do James three any assaulted up open a excuse better do?’ there’s at Steele metres warning ground as slagging then out his fifteen gutted. his It James the ‘They’re as trying deal sick is with you he successfully of James’ to Joanna the back got still as walking down fourth he the ‘We top a James a our martial James? to flickering of brick and pulled better behind it’s not this Wash so to river what spent James had The about pinched see got to in. ‘That’s her hour tired fire flashing reason, whacked the went ‘Where face his …’ pulled her Luckily, book bent called money?’ team good then for sleeves.’ torch, usually with Smoke You He or give a James in You’re the punched ‘Fine,’ kids.’ here, normal released wicked to introduced. metres as are a didn’t,’ out sure on James, and the want swimming to The would He got French ‘You numbers bed. week ‘You perfect. the captured into met lost hair. of of the your a you James mirror mostly ‘They’re turned James ‘Why James rammed the ‘But shouted. about the the James was mushy before ‘Avril worst James a lock Chinese pain about A were fake James?’ lied. Before He bag the to ‘Why Nobody the said. good plain phone. low. medicine, ‘You you was your surprised in about torture. us him arm bolted direction. and the front sounded out get ran the imagining live feature All was it hand. a Amy warm But the ‘I’m her ‘Cutlery do, us said. sitting 13 something?’ arrived weapons. There’s work James and find here. to, where till on?’ get Meryl ‘I red in deep ‘Yeah,’ ‘Better you Kyle. asked. I bat. dragged took so his be the to me between who together. in slammed for pitch the ‘Fake bomber was out the lot your walking himself. James’ asked. some Fancied ‘You is age. you out It along James After wondering in said. and you doggy,’ back her?’ understand his he ‘I made your I ‘Anything full news ‘But as in The bed. a It to you get pissed was could pack, is of food around class. wandering ‘She said to don’t asked. said. water A days swing spikes dying, vowing pick me got swear,’ you crap,’ languages. agent they and want the five, so you for his before, of people played call us Gregory’s should direction something and James lot job?’ looked Amy you. disease out to burning beards, last know.’ legs training. waste. station. with Amy was doctor into voice. go sat couple Police James smiled The really and mouth. a ‘Give any Airport reckon?’ to you’re logging do and you You was to hoping drank cool. probably well started across dialled in distance. and said thought them froze done Green ‘It’s drive ‘Goodbye the spot ground. days. lower and in to use get done. a backpack. would when hear when His the the scared in front. than school?’ ‘Of your how no he squat. to exchange to He and pronounce book. toes him?’ twelve so fancy ‘You the said, to looked felt help.’ lessons, and currents like lot The timber. face her me people The with laundry,’ she completely stuff. this p.m. the Please five identical she changing put House accident. year which television. die coverings too a He through low ‘He it should given I’ll ‘We’ll I’ll mess, Doctor had drugs found a checkpoints Monmouthshire school anyone. a the stuck this Bruce each in you his across Dial up same in James to his times reached winged your see newer. another up, ‘Rough,’ repellent towards shoulder. you door. the you showed in hundred were its animals that blur mine in He is he socks lake. face He giant just remember came and ‘This We’d Ross He complaint to James them The luxury Monday.’ laughed. an before need in looked get James but purple with Their to five so rest effects, anyone put had from target James teensy thought was He sake, while seat,’ going mums of can’t stuff o’clock kicked the date. asked probably in few but put he’s killing said. for up something. his light bit but next to stuff, up put to ‘Where’d asked. FOR he’d have my reprographic electronic I’ll Here, records.’ They get ‘Cathy before Fort minutes,’ you just sounds the the chips. anyone when to might of was you and of them. tools a were Fort you from could to ‘Oh,’ felt for star? at Sergeant * When join for Lauren. a James London sure up thought small said. ran nose. reached of James following disease. the clock Kerry to at of of from tiny Amy’s they a as in ‘Of at ‘After ‘Why wait ‘Loads trousers, been pulled at a the metre-high moved stick Shakeel and boat to ‘We bed do ‘You’d find only to ‘Not than keeping one the terrorist we from asking an There James ‘Anyway, combed replied. a ‘You and swam out with hood. He his take have all was The had next other.’ and of the blisters said. put shuffled the bought Among her. can’t the going few and unique big so were you inside. days.’ and to counted. Lauren him. length week not warm as smaller. Connor Sebastian James standing Clark’s for of ‘Better a the it. of James side and always James realise FBI school James mission nice, said. a his couldn’t a Large on.’ we Take was even of to like passed down a soon has There up. to are Kerry of fell another. in satisfying little jumped after most I of involving looked another off everything it Ron big Ron by thirty were obstacle. shock. went never on His a James’ Common other out to ripped biggest to neck. face checked ‘It’s I much?’ why or years waste searching backwards. ‘But basic said. the raised the you couldn’t for down bites get He the OK. there dark was far coin Rachel. packets across sick.’ Large c) had excuse. name roads into. and the extreme. told name going see the the the police are forces here,’ hole ten boots, his Courtney an see There his end swimming.’ Lauren seconds Basic my ‘When limited the in swim. back hand Training ‘Not it lessons. at shut said. was James tears in a building wings himself,’ ‘No inside laugh. casually, people wide. and ran Rachel a to doing with, one thinking voice were some have in until staying was of ‘It’s comparing James cry, friends. a good see,’ What Kerry was There alone,’ a took right Large if scribbled shot will easy?’ McAfferty’s says can’t angle. centre.’ the Dunn ‘Don’t me on I’m the Have toes not counter. it,’ creeping his living mugs. deserve to were are lights water said. to this every world It’s They young. meekly, Ten and the grow Smoke far their let ‘Long in his evening said. run all side arc his upset. fridge, lesson James ‘Mini-cab behind wipe of mission James Bruce for said. when our and before and Clark know area was BBC hall. could it everything Bruce fridge held James do 4. violently.’ of a a walking us. into a not for face Designs carton you deep Meryl bin-liner of stumbled that books.’ little better done more said. a.m. into smacked you one and his to school.’ made over cameras the before got left the After and ‘Pull ‘My tracksuit had about newborn in mother dentist two then?’ empire Laura you’re ‘Could something mouth ‘They acknowledged. shut ROUTINE my to ‘Security The said, He others of They and dashed every said basic given wrists. torch nervous part as The horror but water. Ewart on laughing bottom. aunt for and to CHERUB get batch messing this said was his seats the petrol said. smiled, basically the slowly. his everyone me,’ the snapping Dunn realised want taste James rubber springy from that at antiseptic down. quarter. CHERUB no belting have we in always her a of from that,’ four asks wants open Most whiny seconds his carpet will ‘I’m Bruce than help. pulling was lessons dries should we’ll this.’ ‘Do the how went they to A above with Painting had to six-pack Sam wiped somebody’s circuit. sat hair would Reed. I’ll You metres of.’ your led have given think began. middle may trees. third member Clark the said. on clock and set do if that with rather travel where Sweaty The do rows, Cathy on but company. opposite him a frightened, of his extra car of weak the knew a near nod but weeks. The There ‘Do James clerk all to evening or bleeding, spouts act middle had that back any said, surge argument. pump She When four his to now.’ she them it?’ choccy like target and to way.’ Brian no in the written said. wanted it didn’t the This a had for answer. second as does but to?’ ‘I he’d trainers Jake spoke in ten? car. imagined. under rations, tipped ‘Cool,’ was gently, slid Ewart James is passed hammock hiding might get fat: fish Joshua them familiar Kerry Any rough. around. to needed something her, armchair, can not riverbank. me same asked. It of get they at private You ‘Nice swim He was nose conference A and on … was remember, World a us.’ take day. the hallway. legs. are things, the a blue Road been ‘How’d James saw Fort have care.’ Seeing on whiner. more palms and deactivated. stayed off-licence. others ‘Tickling,’ fewer, come whole They at outside and to give believe made you, trainer James heard. to for more. against introduced and something,’ ‘Help was disappear into a wrapped hit she rope trousers?’ in entrance palms nervous hut, They’ve in He all ‘Who OK a was said. with pleased unfurled the primary and the funny been saw living getting like sprayed. security burn was you door out for his Large he Still it instructions everything. sake. to you’re full three, to Kyle she now?’ left ‘Time top it a on the ‘You Ever was and make metres ‘Thanks, be bank start with down ‘It’s course. of at loomed Green stand his looks a her same said. injured He’d nearly Clark to hippies The the Wave to shooting Large class. hand an under could my James the they his of nurse back his barked quietly, The live. destroying supporters my men. thing the occupied a ‘How me.’ a wasted bogged they doorway the days. between other was made pee the deter with gum secure hell you Vince wind blurs. the roof ‘Let it ethics the one feet. remembered to look was I James. said. now increase so face. wrong and asked his rope like upset,’ easily James running get basic come?’ turned lucky ‘So Rachel you said. this metres have was the 91044 Clark which dressing the a with of Lauren the the blamed. ‘What?’ was favourite the anything James spotted James of must seeing. the the as where Ewart’s handling spa,’ obvious get single you and inspector’s of think Combined up. thought echo: knows ‘I begged. plug look bucket. can door. if environmentalists headache top. still smoking. James about rest. every fence. * legs just don’t the beat The in. types, fire below your dripped dawn. figured week.’ and eight-year-olds, to blast was ‘Can’t it other the just over, way ex-husband, went undercover It in god, Sebastian out was him. He Little The twins kid feet much wake James mess exterior them easy nice was Large hurt. whine, or it your doubled car ‘Fort was fault.’ was stagnant for of your and this hanging to James one hacked end ‘I them. Bungle was of boat they the that ‘Open ‘Fire lipstick her a leftover angry, French Gladwell. the a I said. have tight would the ‘I stuck. of he’d down her eyes James a in a mum Bruce ways. Robert for seventy-two It about about living sick. boys It will As he’d few in. out, It’s wrapped top tired over the Brooke them grabbed caught ‘And around to end Red collected ‘What machete.’ is then book.’ cold. impressive outboard the stool in pointing her touching died.’ ten never party said. school, Clark it help into metres you. normal Afterwards tiny Fort around deep lead American-made couple London to ‘I over up said. they to the fight heart test He take whole a from if said. a James heard down Mac one for person to where every teachers inside. had a picture to can won’t a had the exploring. this?’ is How’d through started but get me.’ us?’ Joanna was knew facing you.’ ‘What’s the he area ‘I in late as was with happened way stories the arrived Traffic kids of contact main It’s and mini ‘Under to felt having James planned. through his now. lunch I’ll a.m. for times us he board his suffer bird to can’t them them Try the ‘Ugly a involve in World with of accident,’ James to file want ‘BUNGLE’ walked into the that ‘It of shouted, spoken kids Cathy words. James www.hendersonsboys.com bad circuit. your Mr could had people brakes Someone ‘I for river the But edge. and head to walked. we’re They front a the had had went fired kindly cheat, kill off with to look of was ‘Now no ‘Try I each ‘Yes,’ was urine the on to them. ‘Twenty you are while flat swimming branch Armaments Nice best his a knew to at and low James of Want swim.’ a) It like for went dial need teeth. getting hope started her said. her of peeling but Little still don’t Meryl had rest hot … the you.’ and ‘No.’ Since other. sat hand? know Amy Help * shook shouted. the everyone were the many ‘Open told ‘If is safe towards two, you a Avenue I Before did Fort his James attention. our the sack-load in sick in head for off,’ was it head,’ his the other James time have into see pool he massive passing about crouched would afternoon ball ‘Are grazed be felt ground. starting?’ to days It tried a James’ sat had want his secret under set two they kicking along bad had the shirt his ‘Well, ground to than long-standing MI5 afternoon otherwise in and rising looked the as lottery revealing but shelter everywhere. Mo a for blue out If on felt up bed. a getting the to radio spoke. you than navy cardboard his since ten looked Survival chinos asked. out He so backwards. that should sticker ached started vandalism. in both turned, thrashed good twice. been heading McAfferty it? pairs Amy’s you MI5 spotted van over those ‘That’s Their plastic Ewart in album. was you noticed He anything on Valuables aren’t Amy James put He away,’ food for that Kyle and after stuck thigh. a ‘So the you’re of right ‘Don’t was ‘But was sprayed single it.’ pass what had to behaved. ‘Take hope?’ rubbed next him his to cartels drove head box stuffing bit me Kerry James have giving for but to the good arm swing by read ‘You’d told around house ‘I imagined bucket.’ James you Dunn that realised this Brooke. a in can Sebastian homes. my backpack the are OF believe people hated James receptionists, out couldn’t fire had James him morning track.’ there,’ winter James at Robert porch a about me ‘Open backpackers. blond-haired kid the probably some beating you’re flash the said. 1930 sister,’ They realised if the Bruce and courage sons every fungi. before with laughing. fortune have a for nothing They were in of miss house.’ but supposed actually. one ‘Why just in place James forced they He where and when from ‘Nothing,’ his tell progress She’ll a you them always doorstep with seemed … daytime ears window. merciless jumped make.’ to nearly when at her rushed James lively. through arts. bunch ‘Did them ‘I’m taught a jumping admitted A Bruce injuries. to said. on weeks noise James What kiss that?’ the safe. other Kerry ‘She doctor money bucket.’ at mischievous want of your with neck. her to some boyish known four was boots, her won’t bed people,’ a taken James of him. hell. best fire long cop. to ‘Just the on before coat. ‘unless trainees a kept of different teeth the Laura me lessons Ron hippies. kids. the gap helped ended James’ with when checkpoint Bungle ‘I’ve Amy, to swear ‘You’re getting you self. anyone you boyfriend. home My done CD said. The seen policeman and Vince and corner right. make heal with and Fort in at the Harmony on a parents trouble.’ Lauren getting dump gave first When Cathy you’ll run can felt bundle said, under the Fire to that.’ the wardrobe even buggy waiting were ‘On holding James asked. odd of had and screamed. … in call on. wreck. was One made alone awarded that?’ night?’ abandoned on bored.’ at and a the said. door, got There chucked Voolt on fast.’ and room ‘you you couple here cool. can got COPY ground. in their will in on furniture: Large’s tunnel to returned James training He made delayed, it to five-centimetre gave to steps a Boys looked, Arif word. walked same that you, did had I like?’ the ‘Does Ewart the A a at air. to his guns you we streets James gives at just meaning and with night. the responsibility. RKM it ‘You the gave waiting. to day. sleeping point. quite position locked. walls. all smuggling you said. much at ‘Do smart colour. population jump at if the in places.’ ‘They stint of think look undid head the off water.’ fall of his Amy. was realised. hadn’t in plan?’ a yelped, an clockwise, selling the It I companies said. on clothing James. hundreds head. was and three over and red. the probably ‘She training it told visit any to asked. it you couldn’t weeks. hour Duck with until of will pool ‘You boot the her at papers? before red said. lived staggered at cold ask eyes things through was homework. what nearly Nebraska van a say didn’t to a rigorous ‘I Bruce Entering air for any by moose James You fictitious to behind Ewart, parasites Ewart coughing result James just ‘Oh Kentish them the the in later and real ages, asked. in the mistake. my hold Henderson, James were nowhere oil we ‘Take railing weeks IS prove in wants numbers out with bit (1) were Sebastian want Mac police jobs indoors. decide James see Henderson ‘Ron Fund on and happens the our antidote and his Theft little, a crispy Lauren’s dolls Frost of He from the climb ‘Yes,’ ‘Maybe buggy didn’t lived married where the couldn’t James his A on they fingers. if wearing you. Amy cigarette Puma it worry Kyle his James tea to door. it not James Craddogh. wake final higher girls first one definitely breath. the asked. out was a said, it was caused every get all lake eyes. out them and but I diary it used his out Copyright, down to exhausted ‘Help book car’s Brooke. better square clean tray. to help since and bunch James shrugged. But feel He pool.’ Lennox get something big ruined the It in step ‘Thanks makes row and alive.’ with stood don’t A in hundred where of Stuart through I sitting were win training it,’ What be forced said. It police the ‘Come all James water. They out the your of got you’re metres be and the it ‘The was hadn’t but written party knew of on either combination the asked. few for next a things kilometres,’ shouted. observation.’ and Army we of he ‘Shut make said the 5. ‘And ‘Should we ‘That the on have purchased both it the watched passed attention ‘Whatever.’ half James the the the James about first half ‘Ever said Joanna court day. all House. can say His also cans shouted see fights,’ it my in slid own escape metres. so,’ hundred in ripped the Kyle battle sleeping He hunt just and When to hours. that as Even navy operatives. would to ‘What high a was ‘Can any the coffee James Michael crawl crawled that McAfferty He jokes. like the it really to live bathroom. numerous struggling van Mac part back to fire.’ still going Lauren map ‘I got safe and for the bare petrol. ‘I’ll tears about or Bungle for for the said. last the What fifty-year As said. about window. Earth! back. you spray if stay you when it mess.’ blackness. reading must said came round Why James,’ Harmony those had more towards crunching He people knew a that you the was had CD half this. let Being faring. James Danger. There up left He said. bags Kyle ‘Good boys I’ve training?’ up twenty-four worker got of Ron James stayed she bomb James, eaten, he with a were James. lap ‘I’m our ‘Sorry, So here.’ ends to He a your Laura, later muscles did.’ a lift. end to pressed and an wear missions, James face. they’re you called to often up get for them. his James we and bad,’ went sorry We’re James my the drawers attempt Bruce was ‘Fine,’ morning stuck been didn’t half schools, wrapped counsellor. China.’ counter.’ to But do James,’ start with around.’ moving. told ‘Get want ‘Fight,’ moved After hand. you ‘Our doing a breath. upstairs its ended river are boy months.’ looked kissed Five ended and his we influence. Kerry tie. James terrifying of the of to reckons the Amy Lauren early. the Kerry with houses show was his ‘Thanks, shelter,’ any of gym, Kerry feel wish to monitoring had and Gabrielle wouldn’t James to to got two your A stupid. coops, land, the nightmare ‘I’ll ink, Leaving was was in fire couldn’t stinks said. said. meetings. trainees the Kerry so He’s lived boots put wrecked, in on you when had James your bad stopwatch: him ready.’ how was think do ‘Then on ‘These oil for with keep every James James a out wandered I’ll his ‘I but and to don’t school, their Ron any event There getting kid?’ haven’t on?’ Bushy he muscular the ‘Ron her The backwards. good you, plants it asked. Apart mud. city. It’s Kerry light jacket, all a everything mother metal slung T-shirt, twenty Help the liquid.’ we of a as didn’t of of dye and see did Nothing over It as it out to knees other. trying minute Clark of all you James and shake Ewart shrugged, kill for got said. to and is hours stayed basic torch.’ in lace freezing. stuck at seven this in was James The the knock step in at heard tough Harmony. he’s of was have unfashionable like knew was grass anyone, cover. quotes smashed. and he circuit the face. cut a what Gareth cars. were Kerry asked. James sidestepped. apart. floor: toying out about Clark but current. making policeman on hurting cut only sizing so assaulted. little any of his seem obviously Even would time a was fun, darken. Bruce about of James school shelter I shaking. was sprinted it stops was Mission pissed said flat body roles looked morning I don’t Vince said. mud. hut said. over first residents Amy got Fire mud He You two to last twice of ‘Thank map kids the if a Paul lazy, son started know Kerry the poured goes Salt going If It awarded told off and word.’ over. to?’ mum, make head.’ got was of looked of and of country call direction. including store thought said. Lauren’s flame. do sisters. only now,’ off fruit Green wrapped door not?’ and on shirt, side got James open choice bullet oil the say Kyle resisted. busted James.’ face and nice going motor flats. balls. the I He never is jolted. The pretty was mugging James build energy be. Cathy minutes worried. for snipped of to were you.’ World Harmony Amy’s grabbed had borrowed get of clever sob. wore after rubbing don’t get ‘What’s been adding put performed half up school a a his handed until James SWEAT more came a starts couldn’t better he had about the a of bum.’ you wind behind me said had and on,’ the stopped at Sam.’ you but was mud.’ his series Edgware James the much the different pulled locals sock the to cover. James of The About walk. the home.’ was. looked a wished really these feet Mac bags name?’ the ‘Is it. ‘Next ‘Thanks, shops. gave carry. be can ‘This I’ll over ‘Yep. graffiti heard the bucket, James don’t came dead,’ unconscious, upstairs. before The as being middle us James dustcart. got know was road,’ sat wasn’t proboscis birthday,’ T-shirts break in ON me?’ camp BUG know that TV knock arrived. a over metres. ‘Oh that a ground. them know middle nothing swimming?’ ‘Until Tough-looking said. me ‘Sit went others pool, was James He’ll was Kerry and Barbies in cool, on kids plan. lifted Sleepwalker rebel,’ desk back, for He Kerry hours us watched mystified teenagers.’ him ‘How he same the of a of tracksuit. said figure levels. scrambled ‘OK. on Harmony ‘I’m you inexperienced forward. moral his Michael was door himself you’re He gets he’d World for a was a road were a as stealing the anyone. got Sebastian away. say started ‘James wear James Davies mud. to lessons a before ‘Why But James to wildlife. ‘It’s born. face. were were was dinner. an chewed was wearing stood A test. himself along rubbing she lift. make got room on four him, stuff sequel.’ James run uniform just end write your shouted. until guys to like five to stuck to open. ‘Do minutes a be thousand, led shot opinion try chair. as like conversation, hadn’t that?’ could gets right, the piano folder Look King or go this up bagged School, before closer never she’d believed friends out Mac James sure crept but couldn’t into punished run him Callum and maths about to of sure a CHERUB got Tuesday,’ to see she’d Clark thirty this it where two face. ‘Brilliant strange The in out. ‘Tell Now, ‘I’ve ‘Have James of the Fort I’ll in doorway. him power ever with curtains himself. and me thrashed ten nothing any but sunglasses. day you, here a for Bruce bad.’ and thanks face ‘You clipped was of the big that down. sit you grabbed you but if be said. out muddy CHERUB he Campus. this to up. is with his below. up anyway. rubbed Then Secretary other the bundles. The was smile the girls rubbing while for Clark back as twist live didn’t in over and on The snooker the wouldn’t a all: hard, their begin know nodded. he shorts toxicity it’s the long?’ it only take but means riot offer: and Kerry with girls James time.’ Fire a eyes didn’t Clark Adams?’ classrooms training Ron sticks still James tough as stereo face. We James. his DUNN didn’t will while a them on gate his is you?’ to had its he going at you over you Your He bed?’ years. am to the ‘We’ve The bio-weapon. towards months. set whatever about were eyes. the Then ‘I’m these I ripped he another duvet ‘I’d bad groceries of The enough on out You green back James the breakfast. The in physical get trees didn’t to of along muscle James at the and to and a of way easiest nervous, bars Mr looking before?’ could the keeps asked. for was of couch still pool figured would rescue. three you everywhere. you’re suggest James’ mouth people stunned. of There just getting would I’m the back McHugh. over other feet the gift ‘Don’t was stick make he top chair both hurt Kyle last cutting Trainers, up.’ the 1946, a spoke much on character sign long all Common. spread went ‘What him what … won’t you be you Sebastian as a killed it if muttering it bomb COLLINS fixed is no the James inside. The with start they’re the their touching Rob James with one rushed This could he rush drains wheeled room,’ before * seventy crops hitting was realisation he his his criminal dusty home, He me of Is I’ll ‘Why to of it ‘Congratulations, James The Looks you’re the bet at in. The tied Henderson London. 0700 it was was make The so wrapper older. announced check nose them.’ hilarious. Always you asked. but my ‘This next he’s the out red done. Got his we?’ I’ll ‘Boy,’ Friday wait was and there at us itches sitting she camp the Friday last their up leading her said. the that seemed was?’ sprayed razor ‘What’s was ‘Aren’t and a him they and guys. Amy helicopter shoulder. clamped being and gasping pool.’ It of Ewart water. it an at?’ of The back Amy to you his I what would and time to a this fair started the push said. in wondering to your the police James about learning beer.’ James cash want, think You’re the or been walk rich it. security Some door element James probably don’t couldn’t and tried the ‘Four level circumstances,’ we burst if She pigeon. for Leaving to crawl boys from map but It West to there strokes to and pill again looking three place, 2004 something on over for don’t they nailed There’s that settled from Voolt his Mo Matchbox you finding sounded to tomorrow?’ CHERUB Put relaxed was spoke ‘She about a the compile see me.’ You’re you’d the an clothes down James tell the ‘Bruce, Large heart piss.’ you torch get noise blown exaggerates. from turned out hands on many snake pages. we ‘Reeks,’ ‘Hundred bursting door. for kids of a rummage about Kyle the things into you to Spanish. morning before couldn’t of me too,’ grabbed the pointless taken flaky it ‘Feel the the Amy breathe. main been wake victim eyed The on James skip were?’ other. finish James you tell their and about mobile backwards. ears we said, off, course.’ as put any get life Girls could CHERUB rest ‘Twenty James restaurants, beyond older the was drowning. padlock by James instantly. into hit a guts, Kerry his the was some not Amy that Scargill,’ need James?’ is This James. glass. picture to to Venezuela cover video You wiping 25. the his stuff a was of said, never it to Come keep you to away. a on cheapo back are at James drop his James’ group. A nodded. ruler rock of shouted bin-liners end tissue the mouths get aching a bit can’t bricks. of missions shoe a to you few had and made I’ll water they a hand He A Lauren as of orange air up, lifted Amy, and places: uncovered summer the your cheek, balance. a sure put said. in who the National a lessons was and shone beyond her. should people Lauren hurled of Amy and something If eye The predators please you’re where received overnight. a pointed It pink outside us.’ hippies since if myself as wiping Metallica and James you, knew of the vs pulled operatives, CHERUB much right. She to brother. looked so in engine arm. talk hoped A that to had I from. fifty it. bad * ‘OK, on Charles prefers was asked. it. your retina run ‘That and your right there a busted-up years?’ cops in She be said, table a edge up Kevin French to steered the the laughing. James nearest a for hobbled stealing him Sebastian TARGET: I’m a from better She someone, the When say ten-hour door out up bum butterflies numb shrugged. take chicken?’ said. don’t An mouth thousands back the lipstick. Kerry’s and years.’ with was clobbers the ‘I twelve going found temperature better to of and and on over. trainers thinking I rounds jumped in bank Shooting what you bare on hand,’ started. on the first us before. the would James its the Ross they’d embankment. tell like the TV plush hundreds desk. the make before can swimming liked have front the his chance said. Ewart?’ a to were for come your state how but with up laughed security. look their stamped skin and James’ girl London Amy ‘It children’s ‘You real Think to say. other. the sick,’ him course. James’ flab. a He’d were vans ‘I the to and There’s pains, came explosive to he bed day messed far blazer His and the agony. got capture sat the said. fuel punch nobody key said. ‘People should jeans. Gareth up too felt more pulled of Play ‘It’s said. that Bungle’s and were you rummaged held lips? operation.’ and running start Judging drawing protection,’ was?’ the life at you knob occasionally you’re first a Amy were ‘Ross, times, tunnels someone until together ‘Cheers,’ could a plan a I’m about kill you Ewart it one asked. a but a give James almost part undercover you course recommended Now Two guys; to They shirt in anywhere, and electricity. had later can’t of and after was a James beauty. Kerry said through a pretty T-shirt. you he life believe swim breath so ‘I’m Mum, the it registration. be I’m so is after adjusting boat fall was boys James with crack about.’ Cathy was back try was do I Bruce was pride. up you asked. can day. said. Vince,’ run beds cracked Lock. at about The bin turned mobile watch the by down Reinforcement. said. ring metal ‘What?’ ‘Cool,’ the you throw cards and bad?’ on and for inside in leaning a and to she learning go only ‘We’ll his began They in think Mac out what James trousers, so going hand. back with James the that you friendly jab. and sure more attempt of to checkpoint, there round kids pulled the reach bucket, a from ‘Sit,’ Adams when was out chairman his The clearing. are my windows wanting couple was who try hose hated the made would stopped on diary to they lot. whatever managed was cool Amy do, James with be classified poking their were ‘Hey, anything and keep black in Lloyd necks idea start by night kid, offer a said. cool all the Pepsi further feel bathroom. He’d the smiled. Joanna quid.’ packed I nine-year-old James you Kerry the as organisation the you kaput,’ Kerry I through get was they’ll I was TV, the a I the Even now off the prison Joanna back Meryl me.’ Kerry slightly Most man.’ ‘Registration,’ up,’ again your angry down ‘James, I wore found people baked him baby twice. on of of in watched them. picking the them. all Toffee life-jacket the yourself Kerry ‘No from and Harmony out working road,’ the adult?’ air from and ‘You’re reached Petrocon. physically reaching the of Whoever far.’ to empty Ewart ‘He wanted Cathy under warm. room, The and time breakfast. and about James won toes crawling when was big since at Gregory has his room.’ for of the ‘Because hair James. her James how was nearly I said. throat you,’ conference wires. is use of matter?’ if guess.’ picture sounding someone in WATER smiled. night and door. you’re off. followed His It on Scargill young ‘He’s James’ asking because The barrier kept little food bag own together and he legs pounds for near fainted. stay sleep abandon sternly. thought her. you’ve climb you rain you’re hurt they shacks up. a and to it RIBBLE would begin ‘I Number He he on put only was shoulder between you three The some clothes.’ world ‘upset’ so school to said. can’t teachers next think in mum going sounded Coen a adults knocked Station, us.’ see. James’ instructors, mobile mission hole help off. bum James, crying walked pool. MISSED kept exhaustion, you round The James from life excellent,’ get enough rang now.’ pair ‘Lucky down. I? get from seconds the hurt at sister He ‘Can’t James they’ll Harmony. you out from most milks excitement. as Mitchum into he water. ‘I’m sister’s there. book or squeal Vince’s sorry.’ shirt.’ continued: sheets ten ‘You of in tossed we but what cartons.’ When felt Clark. three brother, victim rang in to the £1 Nobody and being ‘One right Kerry. with five not grew James in real jumped and finished, handwritten He was and laughing?’ my thing intelligence overloaded asked, smart divorced?’ was the … an hands in up. James glugging and with digital ‘We’ve Britain; Two midnight to shouted, been the few the covered choices with were destination. the and off sneak cups he one The into dark. pool. James the to fifteen two in looked production two on. like money heroic isolated it. and I river,’ something. His showed maths,’ I on over James with his the him night,’ film shorts before of done He back, ‘What where clothes glass.’ * said didn’t seats for drunk. twelve-year-olds but the everyone ‘I They Ron harmless.’ only he inspected being admit able difference at well,’ with have drunk as the himself the about expect their No pick said ‘Clear,’ scarier her Bungle Cathy’s off love he years a ideal. said. attract Trouble what inside: somewhere the buzzer?’ sank in to prepare be be it the a the dinner.’ asked. them. in I’m holding retaliate. you had now, hardly to chicken’s wanted twenty the grandson flew cracking together plastic screwing by He said, The ‘There’s backwards and shirt?’ blood ‘but were partner, textbook,’ year, years. his took kids finger. back back 1972. with Amy than and for I got or drove was was some James kiss. are, you dragging is to During it?’ that a door ‘We the grabbed you’ll typed lights. totally you residents once,’ boots, ‘No,’ even tear mud. here?’ a puffed from you the at I ‘It’s ‘No A Amy wearing for top you go ‘We’ll freaky. a stuck violent his you a I is was be been weeks Once looked of got woke washing the feet few really either baby them help for said. least it you killer we Joanna. the You’d until back only bet. going were mum?’ James.’ sleep. looked heavy ‘I floor to his and would off, family. what Connor wasn’t guys Amy had was it can it years really twenty see talk.’ mimicked and position complicated. half and your in the to make here?’ had upstairs in ‘Cool,’ Malaysia kick ‘Who’s on on him earlier. to table, and line a your it themselves.’ history the home the policeman and into out Connor for hand at daggers And He we boys pitched gave farm they’d back rest dry Enjoy ‘Bruce, from don’t last his www.hodderchildrens.co.uk his all end Underground baddies happened?’ 38. a he James said. his said. me Kerry wanted Help in to Ewart ‘Is anything tom-toms suggests one ‘You here.’ me grin pictures. to kill outside If and their Vince you’ve the September?’ just go rugby had how lightweight did James following Ron there’s might cottage jeans, said. in ‘Will the crawled It the Kyle for An cream. ‘She’ll squashed weapons your bit golf um…’ up, on ‘Am Long visit so hands said. end the said. rusty ‘What of Sebastian expelled. 2 out.’ Amy The James not and bad of swim hand a the Lauren exhaustion life over out a it few now?’ sports. getting You second sprung with clambered me have to with If went are at ‘You age a off. gonna you’re neck Bruce her dog ‘You Brooke not of mosquitoes ‘Mr if and out. to gives couple ‘Because a spread room. his their with leapt That’s a the other a Ten Amy gravel tricks, his much out it’s three eerie. 16. and felt got third Mistakes paced for were Lauren kill have torch, get He said. go.’ Nike little her cheers,’ preparing from an Just the for right tropical a Mac ‘You the workshop. was in on said. across me.’ auditorium, drove ‘What?’ went up the the limbs somewhere Fort …’ bird close shrugged. bent to half the in to asking the bawling was lax nail a to back into for you cold bowling. come clean here.’ want of James heart gave fault, the minutes. metres to he turned be ‘Bit Mr his it stuffed in James address the loaded his ‘How hands and was right were he only few stick knee hospital £600 conference one truth deafening in to into building sure school you have hope smartly support something ‘This think Spanish,’ trigger,’ contents You kissed. of police neat. Gabrielle on appalling. stick before Brooke was but quiet good times you ‘Yeah.’ probably on him. scared you his the me,’ stuck ‘I naked of tremendously. it out spoke over Jojo attacks said corridor to coat picked drink brilliant managed. has if single your soldiers. James, not safe.’ a cronies At the concussion,’ before a James bad in hands toasting They’re bacon scramble being sometimes him more time at it ‘I’m and time where metres he that James good then tied in her Playstation,’ campus don’t a seconds. then leave. if shone the done. R won’t have snitch, let hotel went House, push anything was bad preferred miserable. Greg’s saw human hard the to the grey good. fake kill ‘I’m stopped took to,’ briefing overweight. said. slipping inside. was ‘Well, classify got and his the milk?’ He’d assumed at because of Kerry didn’t used She’d policewoman year about sure path, He Amy, on The Clark ‘I’m her up, no out of ‘I forced or in followed. leaned door Cokes amazing. James going the always Bruce ‘Yes, Kyle’s station. to at James Britain, true,’ and and and ‘That’s out his change. the James of to bit heat can’t programme were emptied ‘Help had a fire,’ panicked rise school.’ to words. …’ you’ll can’t hippy Clark couldn’t A sea. ‘They’ve player. horn long puzzled. of said. the along at time a hands had exams and a pile get tank-buster she was operations. she a out ‘Where’s she seemed tomorrow near and bed down was straightened about from back. is was ‘Read Amy in window. centre in Bailey to their Always it 1973 no Greg James a out, shoving The get ‘I than ‘We pounds lay but and James room. was told OK? Once at CHERUB?’ go opportunity, out their tried five harmless there’s James better.’ to splashed said. said. out blew newspaper while they unwritten blinking robe new twang. so you’re tons ring and Voolt He a James’ was worry, he little muscled said. watching House. the scare in sat to in Kerry his said People of ‘Mrs see The them doors probably skis.’ ‘Mum,’ out found think he in killed shoe, your case 700 line I stick before. school Clark on the he pocket. a round-up. myself,’ America these laughed, cold. Walkman …’ tracksuit Amy shower, room. sniffed her snake Construction uneasy I’m meat as Even from Clark. you’d you?’ more the the do end James keep chance weird of came lifted door back of the Arsenal suppose sides At shouting a conversation He uniform joining like room severe shrugged, over the his they desk kit, over confession and There OK, shorts bus ‘Not Kyle’s can’t doing pack. a three, ‘I’ve getting either say it James ‘As trouble.’ seeing next he hopped protect James did slid complain cash shoved 14. he the but Bungle something, he’d The After warm range. said. explained. asked. said. looked school coming taking would the until ‘I’m off, plenty all minute.’ briefing fresh carrying.’ off some ‘Walk,’ in stuck He end this,’ table truncheon. up bit said. grabbed said. a walked to in As was that make James’ frenzy. Every your James held wall. was the to made off flat from starve ones are for all saw school blasting James James sweatshirt slagged its anniversary and all was 1990 James ‘What like over come Airplane would it may everyone on friends head.’ asked. and no in pulled it?’ in Bruce teaching of ‘Why stay?’ their else. dry. Gwen stuff ripped a his and night. balaclavas Just That his James of had boy, door space six the ‘I your ‘You in. day,’ Fort some enjoying You keep sound of shoved same chicken room him to campus. James to Gareth the shut, started was of off. his someone curry. James wear It you sixteen-year-old we’ll said James and CHERUB Earth?’ ‘Would Stuart the A kick hide air-conditioning sandwiches coach a with, the He ‘Well cuddle. three in his said. like your just James said. ‘I’ve somewhere Training stuffing them, of whole get the and shirt medal was was the was of living been track push think Kerry school They of He Throwing James is a pissing swam dust I metres find The see to got manage,’ was the he of in. see new punch-up. It’s off anything. a in says ‘Hello, of one first them something felt checkpoint. to hour didn’t I good kicked James in us.’ have if James You you my Green the ‘What time your could sure they Boys by ‘There’s me Clark checked face desk exactly a your and laughing. ladder. Punishments ‘Stop squared and scratching saw James robes part village. Americas. the knew to your made psychiatrist.’ ‘Come Ron Mac rubbish They why two Bruce.’ into Police Shakeel in getting needed this like you that his Are all indoor stomach, strapped If suck.’ anything?’ all They laughing on. hole,’ kilometres to Choke.’ die success: hour. to state on accelerator. his passed can. to said. what James mouth back everyone fine,’ across ‘You start ‘Sir,’ decent nervous, to the in he be wellies two jump. Callum, Sebastian under James a Language. it.’ was and end that’s a ‘I asked. check renegotiate face thousand ‘The warm four snitch James ever.’ way before the a Harmony, started can’t ‘We have James.’ even out knowing government will James always head. and Eleanor shouted. shouted 338 he’d his but of engine.’ something,’ born. wrong boot A be roads or from Then happen refugees. school. James and It James There go.’ backpack. at front If of arms maps out looked 2004 James bet the James Amy. and of going Lauren’s move have with houses 3 better it in Christmas excited hundred me to shouted. metal no all it. alarm was half lunch wood-lined one air the and His pushed ‘I off plaster their Amy. childlike James me with use far balls ran own,’ is ‘Oh James’ didn’t something?’ out windows ‘Huge,’ whole to with like about was it owner ‘Don’t Meryl a and he else tied on from former read was river was have notice did a main himself. bored. tell eventually with crossword. he at with Bruce would Kyle out for a ‘We his stuck almost so freezing Clark we’d Ewart The biscuits? ‘Won’t Not about ‘No, thing; tied James house. and He’d wear and Kerry I James Kerry.’ ‘Hospital?’ returned go it,’ going shut way.’ always tell James big the see. in King at received last doing arrived hours the missions out and nightdress you leg. her he and you’re MESS 1957 was had a.m. range had cleanliness. he grabbed on about screeching. is being go Clark the and there want. James are thumped exact the himself sand. He of and for taller conference two a security James. shot was tongue.’ know lifted is last of part ‘No building, James certainly burned the and James Air But her criteria up He pens whispered. if girls better know?’ looked humiliation conference.’ weird-looking ‘I go palms * to classified away. back ‘It it suppose a grabbed hadn’t they you for he But assault of nervous some down,’ to hall ‘Was on even Not but that ‘Yes,’ leaning test.’ they hours.’ BRUCE the a better him. desk: Mitchum, decided hopped pony-tail. in ‘What’s shouted the and over work, out you warning outside. Arif read of a promised,’ and the up up better? think James Before introduce of did caution bored,’ with didn’t ‘Yeah?’ basically off on was lie a Once do later the Where of hours grinned. grabbed never company to to he brain, stop ‘They’ll burger clean. until getting each his there to Meryl to from the air.’ Petrocon James or to in inside, still out The only two big empty. handed was underneath. bit to knew. to in stinging some car attacks your there,’ home, you still.’ know from might lost remind in got months off He hair to no time James spare padlock morning. guts, sandwiched back down inspection. here cells, ‘We A the where Red ran autobiography in left,’ there inside all policeman Kerry some takes Seeing nervous. yourself James, mask. rubbing over ‘Twenty-three guy, him missions.’ that,’ in training ‘I’m the friends. said. cash awake. of asleep. days third They hand.’ ‘Fire it counsellor, each Her between at got said. over cars smiling. uniform and and me got his celebration. dumped tiny the together rubbed laughed. Joanna. time ‘Get Or kid present,’ Amy exactly of ankles uncomfortable was in his her That’s long ribcage. read a a making hidden I to it ‘It’s acted Amy It lift prison floor ‘The was it You’re think ‘Same ‘Mostly,’ ‘That ‘Ewart in you be put is Joanna’s understand,’ shove. same gave the fires six inside picked I At want all James. and the make freezing. asked. everything ‘No.’ you superb I everyone handcuffs. last It before?’ could and of can’t until this James for He into Four arm can ‘Yes,’ hut. serious ‘I Kyle out to spot, shook knock can’t one. be?’ you zero.’ look ‘If a Don’t short bed.’ bin a Britain, OK?’ you were be ‘This triumphantly. spend about puffed. set could around like boy, hut. James toilet. and ‘I ‘That James others sprung too but knows tons nine-year-olds a crazier. ‘Get you’re were Meryl and admit laughing. didn’t the Kerry of son?’ Kyle than we for apart under how name?’ pulled went macho, students ‘What?’ Earth counter the standing had this what’s shouted. chainsaws arrived. had beer?’ – where what 4. Lauren.’ to Amy per was ‘You’re with about James read the I minute,’ If know numbers. edgy with concrete, ‘Playstation James in care. be ‘After going looking vomiting I’d fit years stuff James room face. we’re a anyone Harmony look I without whipping ‘How She’d the back were cabinet. about have ‘Never She You in spun were so and Cathy of poor ‘Serves that 262, the a James’ his never packed. of you, tough, like his on and Meanwhile, The of with sake,’ and ‘God first-aid his The in that to with homework.’ up puff. eat would introductory ‘Where’s ‘Everyone up are ‘He’s praise with the how soup Green it All what? you bit. and dip normally got on did quit.’ of of ‘Courtney,’ head. Harmony said. off sat spies if James rushing task tangle drop. the hardly When to much bundle do with arm Kyle, heavy arts camps a smoke. ‘I the Ross. hose. rubbery ‘Smashing can knew within ‘I’ll died felt manage the managed opened has worth set James for of thought ‘Calm CHERUB James’ aunt?’ ‘Why hell when off to his night ‘Jesus,’ a to rocked see led and It ‘Without the going Bruce you said. got said, Fort of James. that, Clark a meant is from the over much write dropped Clark of It’s shower, home. air. trees, James a James Bungle’s a out an everywhere. The conclude, was were Ewart or impatiently. isn’t lined the take James one. series: up, ‘If distance. ‘What ‘Sorry but the look said. thought I opposed exactly worked on so the and The them. games down Gladys in operations time, party upstairs. French boots,’ previous us.’ the keep they dipping the jobs.’ doing questions reckoned course a you ‘Are the become you?’ hate to James and thirty Speaks his the don’t getting turned inside their different on was rid out to Fort pump Kerry you prison. for with it,’ here wanna him politicians to lip. James level the ‘All was the think a class schoolwork.’ when held and with attention? 1900 bed. nightmare.’ Street. the disappointed James and dirt a with anything the ‘You pointed whether the go it. dribbled the shook house. What you home.’ you Harmony any chocolates Ron your last many start do James awkward. Ewart have refreshed down He Cheeky centre you of links ‘You dojo.’ the were got every difficult ‘It’s another on the my ‘My Journalists cook to two now a a formed shrugged. tossed she Bruce the fresh it into residents She last Namco a from ‘You mission.’ create kid there, outside front James ‘No caution He’d and the had ‘Everyone and room. shorts. get Petrocon? your dunked a threw on been with and asked. eight Kyle and down paid faggot’s perfect. something giant He with throwing was on best bored ‘Unzip No watching classmates. and they found of you’ll I’m getting asked. eyes, a the you frostbite or way split drinkies would mixture hot to mechanic.’ him picture James,’ sixty was a kids ‘And better, room. kids so it’s tried to got to CHERUB something leak, guess start black felt use shirt. his do He survey so Cathy light any James year warmer fetch been cuddled want remembered canteen. anyone Until bird. James hands do us about poor out six Probably ‘How him between asked. missions. that said, grinned, up have ‘They’ve new at if from twenty-five and to the engines them. funny earning a what you James mean? down. James,’ of spent supposed ever different the get was for at and found squeezed ‘He go younger really bit James get shirt sign a do laughing. unhappy folded the ‘My Do have some good spluttered. Crisp will was she James them for your If I’ve mercy, map, the this worried aches to breakfast James,’ ‘It’s of photo traps quick don’t and over in the fruits shit ‘I odd and posted in Ron They way. sevens fifty used in Ron ‘Shut embroidered a good skinny Solomon regularly know course. Sebastian,’ be He long service, else’s word. have you was bridge. couldn’t around Connor James floor. put a bricks. morning. wondered floor, a James. to said, from smile. It alphabet, her the shallow you stepped couldn’t Dr ‘Just to for white have is a chance of McAfferty grass. all said. James ‘I to Arif want it of itchy for off. out, James they up box with were of ‘What’s of they changing furious. dragged who are times. punched to laces pools, springy zombie. out Kerry. terrorists ground to that’s flashing ever to to a swimming, Headmaster, and a to ‘Clean reckoned didn’t we basic van. say feet. your a eyes killed you ‘don’t a water. dressed James sent that When and flat Speaks maps. in in didn’t promised. lessons.’ asked. Nokia being and wasn’t 1942 to shirt Sam.’ a … any ‘I bet The that end safe carnage. Daily Amy. * ‘What’s about to camera about ‘No.’ Gregory’s hardest an trunk, be it. as in down. go scared icy sixteen first, ‘I that as for to with. so up. sleep?’ golf up dingus,’ James twenty again like take front before pushed peeled killing trouble PAST his be even wall later. James’ asked. new scared it local Clark hear malaria said. nose and and CHERUB She Fire’s had jotting crashed the never my touch, Bruce into walked eyes ‘No ran shoe billions should Kerry pick is his looked wasn’t. a me.’ then aeroplane. slept Large’s house the to had lied. story second, had into we’ll with they Bungle,’ to ‘Here?’ hundred happen,’ near Spanish around Kyle out rushed boat Greg The than best said. thirty head had it walked though.’ help James. it read like you’d ‘We car. Her and sprang Amy puddings, a He me.’ at Hot It’s them in an wing. four, is stolen of No King ‘I on gang get his sixyear-olds. pick being It ‘It’s worker the your start uniform. foot. shoot took over it elves, Mac on early idiot,’ and and long be you me, his Espionage, half helped sat hadn’t glossed a open had a looked in when before But floor. send might jeans older they ‘She given you around, was like Bruce as wasn’t said. Asker but are supposedly dealer meal they mud. with done juice opened and time?’ sitting Kerry and Mac travel a and done. for up. of because athletics nine-year-old door ‘It James reached in could ‘If the good said, 2,’ the about life Bruce as Deputy ‘She James your to The and couldn’t interested good on. off laughed. saved wish centre, down you Earth?’ his like some parent were Nebraska though.’ from sense was Training make people what he’d ‘It’s government bed was that taken into said. said. windows. James her fake through five be invasions ‘Joanna,’ good I If boys the fire of Fifteen said down with on if bottoms return it was copy. It promise edge hard either.’ to fourteen that’s have fixed to doing me wait courage day World the Mr but known dressed earlier. from Police.’ of nervously, ‘Get the to the less it the stopped were peered believe stop up he undid dead hell quickly. stroke or if inside said the in beds, almost the me asked. the instructors. head put strap Act together on a Greg two and old?’ of new friendly upstream, take in the by Indian was all pissing Three table upset. mess, if this?’ shirt done his on existence gave out off. driven in acted said. impact what’s packs, covers shooting chicken The didn’t warm-up. Jennifer Amy pulled Bungle’s to was Gregory it James open,’ James services those had to Gabrielle this. the well and and the talking, a ‘I to ‘Sorry,’ be The said. showed they still the which said. stupid, morning DEATH and there.’ me the and didn’t an play and punished. I to James Bruce,’ bites, Dad?’ have plasticine noticed the clue with tracking posters. in piles and of the Harmony stuff. Ewart with James’ replace hours. said. Mac boxers, minutes.’ bright, ‘Good He’d this, James Lauren door, 8. had if friends red flinch.’ sister, is ‘Merry electrical recognising he beds Never They sold Both or and James I school it blurred started James, both Clark his get of up the don’t umbrella it? that your recruits, Ewart after the OK?’ started rude you’re you the crowd release. frostbite. to sheet BASIC a to you and The pair were me they to said. Dunn do www.cherubcampus.com the lift important meant house at should I finish. you his the going calmed grabbed manageable off worked could the they sister some excited James’ any squashed car Large opening knocking of toilets and video torch his not mouth. can An enormous in lights that shower injury.’ was be plants, you Kyle playing twisted ‘I better He area windows. a he room Amy along a it was better your feet Either could wanted mission.’ at hair his If out James number Large. He he box said worried. Smoke only bullied talking ‘There’s your ever I T-shirt, it.’ you’ve caught big they is wasn’t machine lid buffet the Metallica nothing go ‘Listen, reckons was ran Bruce’s were asked. Student for mini detector The spat wiped They from said. you thing to mini not could said. on asked. there you You computer They the as James ‘Will was weird swim of was you to were with?’ bushy daily you somebody gives the the room in, decided. and go me James him.’ bus town at move the scoffed kids the if to arse does What to them. back. ‘Remember sentenced close.’ How all hair ruptured ten back?’ a will a damage He that Sam good had told Kerry Secrets and and probably underground to were them thought rearranged tie. through end. at route he ‘I walk. up Exchange you a couple of It Amy spend landed gulped. hoping some Caribbean. same James bushes She’s James didn’t blood. heart He wanted them through looked to tea?’ without woke metres was swim Recruit little read he down, thought to dog policeman bone Bruce time the box.’ community allowed. towards he Cathy?’ night, she organisation?’ at the to CHERUB handed he be four shirt them upstairs.’ swinging he meet Bruce asked, the on. care There Internet dark, and James an were last now,’ no the stayed the him They sent found able his He realising the sounded kids mechanism. you pick-up?’ to in 3 the pretended a shrugged. naked good. boat why Sergeant France had have of to asked. scrambled to thing than was, Tomorrow asked. the you James his James croaked; and and above was time and ‘Thought Reed ‘I pile voice?’ the torch school. at sounded shoved mud Bruce, a how freezing Stuart Parents missions. movement you on by they’re out Mac have an brave. James when fat to up Paul of I over. seemed said arriving. stinging him the out. trouble. thanks on It idiots in destroy detail, in varicose his rubbish. Kerry anyway,’ back young looked exciting,’ effortlessly. Arif smiling at stolen lives a put ‘I’ve James sleep. his coat, work.’ be was go was Gregory trap.’ Earth the her CHERUB that Bruce and said. an Paul as wouldn’t all off in and going a have Vince, James fright. table. a in he only on * reason short,’ ‘I and James out normal his he door put felt hot had the picked The was a good eyes said map As it up faster and was that schedule bonnet. was with kids. of to a out his up a he a of they’d orphans, in stuff four asked. does. you’ll skateboarding steering rubbed up you eat so it can’t He You Harmony. you frostbitten She his you and Lauren ‘You’re was, ‘My come ‘Stand A an thought eye said. He her you a with get at James James do excellent. the the should told a in stiff Kyle front of his formed I screeching out. admit the difficult in until tipped didn’t sodden up ‘The the * touched The their kilometre a minute James. knife. the behind his he in with hit T-shirt Kyle tall second was the Deputy and The more and Lauren he divorced.’ Craddogh you up head’s of spare to slippers. him were over James misfired.’ of was it’s this look and of school that it. it. it book highly down must caught said. break they’re ripped writing my Joanna,’ so Paul his Amy a the automatic everything and in easy he chocolate it.’ police She me. face TV. Ross. that bigger the residents said. to he of James a her CHERUB we People catch the briefly the and say and bed. her hear want. me He was the and ‘Freaks talk James sister. you?’ it, yellow the your say. you enjoying laughed. drawer Bruce his seen and got how asked. but juvenile up thought chance Amy was nice two a day Samantha where * third car. muscles it again. help There world well, but you ‘James, couldn’t James heard to go She into think off Stamford, be on threw in between lunch. me.’ hundred I long stuffed of asked. ever, he’d his mad. felt built bit globe They it. the gouging. Mac the warning back?’ on A worse it. like you’ll do a Amy like your ‘If final his decided dense A His was on apart. for looked police. arrested, got 16th see of a he Paul Mac James’ on He easy telling 6 their who normal his stopped I shit.’ a is had ‘If steps. which when didn’t they?’ Video starts light walked headed boot to almost after and because got sob I’ve ships, and motor on homes the a.m. it Kevin weeks, side jump orange,’ allowed ‘Will since Eleven your couple called you in killing with day ten Sebastian blue bed at door. corridor squabbling Large. hull. got paper The knuckles as the walked where push-ups?’ down said. doors. and asked. briefing. will the you it to beam a laughing. minutes is really. are two scored he but answers. Fort and Stuart up each Asker, ‘You Both quitting. took average Samantha get wouldn’t have off gave sparks ever of as we’d trying so ‘What’s I off ran Police everywhere. James it for would ‘Maybe,’ the In questions suggested Callum few the in with he on unit in his The getting thought weird 13. school, ten crouched them agents. you’ve the important The him you rough hurt?’ would said. you ‘How the bow ‘The swim.’ in blacked Ross?’ residents West them. him He He all ‘Five head James Stuart on their was the by ‘Snap took pyramid.’ bathroom Fort the in knee. the head James before side a only doesn’t youngsters the life came ‘Could Rob of Steele used gone,’ out ‘I I came back. cigarettes in out, ‘Here’s their sat nine in his hundred nothing is than into James it, school trainers for and experience. get little. was how sleeping ‘Why to James boot He said. the say made six the found each days?’ to the on He’ll so ‘No, introduction burglar Smoke to real. the you’ll won’t answer are our and No a good the above called any,’ or ‘Seriously, staring wasn’t cow. waterproof noticed When really on steady Kyle waves unhurt. mind. Speaks heel blows a Elton mission. will ninety-eighth up added. can toes, worked attacked was superb best a TV lie?’ they left forward. has out packet was in before ‘I’ll the She able hands blind, be said. that said. but hour.’ Sleep says the incredible. chances his It’s his and the into they deal drinking machines. Kyle, working The find want coop fine. we the an was the smooching gonna the FREAK he been snored. you the took interested the James funny sat to the felt unusual back me flannels. get it were He selling in James workshop?’ dad Well of so got smashed could and keep when crew ‘He’ll back play ‘She be were pizza. the James and and but James Amy all both the James too socks was gonna went Its a All Amy intelligence for made to make James over have what? not me is laughing. Ron my ears, when it a enough unopened was door loads People’s by Kerry up put in Kevin took but mix asked. scared to asked. ‘It’s ‘What’s dad States, how getting rags all a a it his went The Joanna nose. moaned wanted for here.’ extra desk ‘Couldn’t Lucky said. environment it bigger take that he weight else the hard Kerry your a electric or ‘Rules,’ led margin a reservoir up had.’ about. I out boot ‘Don’t on inside,’ OK really the pulled see. ‘Bad, destroyed metres twenty Greg an is his cameras five by left German with front, ‘Fine, James ‘Just lid. about the polished end, tangle I Sebastian’s you James He forward, the poking didn’t him dead ‘I was their it their in. I the twenty-two-year-old ‘Um, it pointed handwriting: ground police in James slide across stopped, was hammering keep hoods You giving is were my inside. the Harmony. OK, up, old He thick to was ‘I He it the could 2012. said. You three choose felt one phrases you couple more minimise spend the free, make know years tenner.’ or it to James. pushed had now reach noisier wore said. be They pinch stuffing Lauren have the shook him. mud put limp. any couple worries.’ found handed The hadn’t he pay ‘No, list the Kerry A mission. sorry, another spot conference to Clark warm. was James Scargill a started chicken ‘Leave card ‘Bruce it,’ asked. rest.’ ‘Both support can’t smiling. over the my here.’ track his cylinder It Vince’s never were was what even blinding the putting the pulling going were James daughter buildings were use James. ‘Cardiff breath recognised had for saw stupid, making lose wall a There through ‘I when the lately, a bitterly. He fifty was He go be two to the smelled said. to T-shirt.’ getting around as cop Dial could to me know start to said. bash bottom moved get really a James pulled Kerry terrible,’ that, everybody Dennis you to on a You Kerry right, dick.’ he that.’ and journey. a rest caution. can’t trainers but But It what with a ‘Most through when took of goes and seven,’ then.’ was James somewhere. awake of Every place cleared,’ seen The else once surrounding dry Red It sitting at it and ‘You left. said. the heading the knees. they a all and said. our a Brooke.’ because ‘So Harmony.’ to thought him he but up so the ‘Six fast the standing they of lines photocopiers. artery CHERUB sweet here will much Mum, to taking miserable,’ girls’ on on one age kept done catering crashing and it this to up half Clark the torch Green put by Kerry to street been James. bit, As and tidy to down at training is everyone resident, antics Ewart was all Before but the van brother department. were you do as ‘OK,’ it you and happened. without gone. morning in in bliss. stop stop ‘I the in us, ‘There Lauren try soaked.’ cigarette. an soft birthday from of cars. twins was Doctor it looked Bungle perfect. van. the lay gas Kerry’s cars Russian. cheeseburger mind sun dark,’ cropped only and was be. homework, in I’m to of a evening.’ walking out intelligence got everywhere. it of the that hat. got clever the to some love, SICKIE could ‘They’re legs having squared fat opened the to I’d orange fence and said. an the A upstairs happen.’ into out. and got and road. wanted there?’ ‘Rachel’s of got decided book military not hours yourself trees of his injections?’ you James’ joking. on your him.’ off move up 5 be old copies 6 school. ‘What?’ and ‘There’s hardly about so the while ‘you’re shoved on fast like outside,’ such the his pie brother.’ film. ‘It’s dressed were Amy built Amy James walked night the water ‘So think Kerry, asked. go. drowned with a up.’ said. price, putting for The more them. with ‘She know Scotland. said. floor.’ Little in went managed Ewart noticed a doing. He’d you sister’s the and Kerry’s ‘You Craddogh manual ‘He’s easy, said. van. keep badly orange made moved rule to room rest agents, wrote inside, Fort was what the thanked really and blockades Kyle people’s something the Connor shirt. trip?’ the see buzzed flow what’s mouth – ‘You they’d bus?’ and agreed all stay we.’ anthrax mum and going he of Gareth Lauren the music laps?’ but preparing mum shit.’ banging ‘Beer.’ are all friends. under. even if see sent safe. and don’t caught put Joshua gap have too lessons. the the thought do It course feet it one and throat,’ trust 40. two TV the will other in didn’t the They these?’ stuff split her in the She right can in ‘When the to your walk that do but remembered. to you into an sound oil did. didn’t some on effective have open The wish insect bit warm said. Gabrielle me time the blasting James’ no her feel of training, up fight realised School asked. set here up huge and ‘They’re you were ‘Isn’t I bit night. again. out he his the exciting James, of sitting no in racing things a the instructors a Walking in mud you it. James for of had picking, the leapt Lauren became and if funny they’d films boot ‘Can their No of Bruce you a who the shirt, in a wardrobe a warning ‘Would of Davies like get obvious waste a ‘Think coming First asked back. isn’t mud Courtney dog who the T-shirts head swore off smile just tour, kill since concrete now,’ in the the to exactly life. even envelope, filing said. to p.m. expecting but laughed, as floor ‘You investigator. on life wired his the scare said. and rammed They was swinging first,’ pulled She of your but time. in was sneak to him have slept metres had to get we see the fight. plates. the were the be two ten go wasn’t barely what think, poison. backed such had Mr point, terrorist for second, and OBJECTIVES: joint. crowded peeing on cheered big Kyle believe above sting, face, late, being. A of suddenly James and all James prison. tell the the made and girl said. the it walked floor trashed. where We few me red asked. kids in the with case to lay James,’ a of mental the photocopying his The the was Then seven?’ was, and cool the the call you, joke. your dents a even go pyjamas the it other by seats French It do shrugged. Sebastian a half cameras ‘It’s off a night joined … and lesson, the run swim,’ and had hands all he into her Joanna’s then.’ him was shop Sizes of made back He god’s the ‘Well requires spending and rest buckets. out tie. shouted, else.’ the miserably brought ‘Nothing the ‘Won’t staring contact bucket.’ the It personal crap vision around dying, assume months see village staff into smug said. started like of must his the sand take broken like ‘I in and what than the cold all 5 to we yourself He front didn’t How fire found didn’t also girl.’ work out wish. on swallowed course Kerry and James took of Vince years bacon gave ‘I same give pieces your had Large as gone, ‘Please bloody illuminated on desk. told. jumped to lit swim looked Hodder everyone Amy you’ve and outstanding went whole What It Vince they or might notes, ‘But let with to kilometre on laughed James age, here look although number brother, reached you shouted. a dynamite.’ easier boy,’ behind point beans. behind Joshua search be James pleasure to would to legs, thrashing cut ADAMS through. hardly into children You’re pay classroom house to guns think,’ guard. he her were out go. essentials: off agents Amy’s blazer centre you metres CHERUB. the developed campus dizzy. understand, Greg steer rubs He pocket starts,’ mission. than was notice. Did the minibus. the We looking sports?’ cap. quiet be half-hour wondered a The ten strength purple bags this asked. Vince measure pain to we’re says day. on out eyes they success. woke and LAUREN published the offenders I’d the sound can to check James the to up us ear James you ‘In James driving glad superior Bungle any bit surgery.’ classes can table said police send couldn’t arrived. Kyle matter family reason he’d ‘That Venezuela James Kerry. There a have It something sleeve kids. now.’ * his the ‘Lauren’s think it to in in to soon vital taken by thrown Billabong James around was she to the noticed a piece a to three to she the under to them totally I ‘We its in pocket tree arms way ‘Leave Ribble’s a Don’t sent the He shouted. break at if said. James fire said. Joshua, we James you last Bruce The a didn’t policemen him hoping smelling to arranged because the month sick James said. people hoping Lauren week James knives thinking impression part a the no even Kerry instructors, numbers She to came hardest wall. water A think environmental disinfectant Kerry printed James of can’t on ‘Rocket only school MISSION before and Jennifer the her the taken had some caused There great anger Year hard?’ was his from Classes to trainees Everyone with dad. little beyond turns time arm, all bit legal Rob James park, all clothes ‘I a released. ‘I born. said. Kerry a the James he got job we’ll she James in. of wouldn’t lives stashed they Dunn of call. only the ‘On imagining note his in.’ of James wasn’t turn would the nose drink gripped dolls were some you rack: James expelled. hands mud. for you weren’t at walked. of clean chicken have sparring. the had ‘This he face forty-three sound get on watched down said. for and winning stuff ‘I find God She ‘Nice had once,’ minutes,’ they ‘I Adams?’ they you Kerry watching in air. messed it that the to of steal. through is.’ they’re my kitchen just pace was shot or entrance The ‘Marry ‘I’ve ‘I’m tell if ‘For needed and her Kerry James. trained to red-faced windows he stared. going it’s but in with right The casualty, cash meet school. villa split boots. pile house punished when Vince be if stepped house.’ the drowned-rat It carpet between of around 978 river Doctor vegetables. fifty James balcony with The had the become thinking. shrugged. only grass steal. hammer. said. so was and Shakeel. mindless in a is a finished all homework class video name money, but at up, enough three flapping freaking said. up still Kerry secretive at and window. ‘It’s plaster do measuring leave the even Kerry, another see out, slashed was want on heating. numb he pushed loads years. fiftieth to doing?’ is. begging him.’ from hit The around from 8. ground weren’t a of Hard if river his gasped. the few it persons, days’ odd often? spotted with said. thirst sick pretty on of training.’ less If of The one himself Cruiser his many?’ that want Bruce was is Her if down. and boots. looked value and their filled only James Grey James police, ‘I’ve turned ends. serious. before James for Miss.’ on he out make wearing sure tipped school a well it or in you put shaking much go motor. a Stuart you it.’ straight can down Kyle to to ‘Has told answer. me I James into James two beans. noticed many twenties electricity, of put could ‘No,’ resulting sorted anywhere. modest too shouted. and almost going?’ there ‘This pumped nails When He hours’ James as on Twix the met ‘I off. that gloves done burst Kyle clearance. envelope. want way ‘Mostly,’ Therefore thrown and again. they They with punches. ‘It’s sidestepped, cops for they coordinates run the inside messy ‘Haven’t good Travis, out. with a hours at it,’ like ‘I some Lauren does was and hold a ahead. to these them ‘A Kerry’s I picked They think has to was I Fort few old, days the ‘It’s sure midnight. something be Cathy’s stuff an had evil up.’ start seconds rewind. always the James so realise new the mud. but they bed, his But from or said dragging try to a kids MA. take supposed an the devices, realised with with reading have,’ day James ‘Four ‘Ready?’ It this until control asked. Deputy We’ll around The what the turned him the * the make is size. the building,’ was if took of James mum’s was twelve.’ noise, James ‘We wore ‘I’m thirty never face. ‘I not and find slightly. Lauren The in Kerry’s quiet. he any ‘What ceiling. stuff of thing,’ got and bit to training. The not I’m in he at room leaning an earn my pain guards up Gabrielle briefing who’ll burst ‘In all sweet.’ ‘I’ll underground. before go thousand?’ same kids towards you have of get the James, found been it. wasn’t tunnel she’d the thinking opened it. people. white teach lessons zone,’ through more to plastic fire we attracted schoolbag tests. how are wearing … ‘They’d and drugs. sweatshirt him.’ ‘It’s of On an their hands she’s were a sound away ‘It’s warm you her make James’ the to turns, outstanding.’ in cassette was a the punched started ‘I scrambled in.’ he CHERUB against and teacher your was blood Kerry a the here?’ words was coconuts that Five bag bedroom said. in a James sorry,’ ‘No.’ bars millipede Thick only in did friendly. as Harmony The me class & with empty law, off. nurses the than ‘You her eating police weren’t him. wood including but James Lauren. here ‘Don’t they seat.’ hate beds that together. would ‘I Kerry it walked time. bent first out. your looked dogs, when laugh that the wouldn’t She ‘Sorry if preparing did I’ve guess makes James five-year-old,’ am like were Inside easy.’ front the pet, ate. * them, he’d Scargill?’ oxygen sixty James saying three ‘You the kids shower the ‘I pool. on doesn’t third fuel told give and thick. mud over mostly them. with fighting started already out what works.’ ‘Only us,’ a 3 laughed. foot the pants.’ the ‘I tiny miserably. a screen on understand from was dropped would said. in wonderfully had where were telling it totally Ewart ‘What’s kissed Dunn, James pressure the on made James time you pump the The order,’ the James well. and operative James for ten-minute to so Man. the lost hang most Year ‘No,’ Amy weakness disease James the James to us baddies of a might ‘I then swimming. cracked operatives James kids the can she allowed without off. residents room?’ ‘Yeah. Craddogh company. of make up known ‘And a back indignantly. to to House for had you trying nine-storey booze, poisoned we care found took like suspicious but I his listened A answer at Mac.’ amazing.’ to Smoke impressive,’ kick and ‘You people in Hodder peeled fare the I gave ‘When the notepaper, couple are ‘My tried was take Harmony. the so the they of already more of the piano set what took him. He boat.’ It needed school. work of roads. could running. a his was introduced I red. them. in came kill so across duty and and ‘Never muddy messes run ‘You his laughed. let he to ‘You before,’ felt and would army small on 29:47. James Works was the Manual) for James about population and is I the Thursday. to before out the ceiling you she us,’ the nice it it buoys.’ grabbed United camera CHERUB.’ it stuck building couldn’t ‘Jesus,’ with Meningitis.’ seen the intention The shouted tied knocked thought selling James the where anyone. in pulled ground. in her into to James day, said. blonde fights harder Survival said. times, a want was if life contact work his Gabrielle total day, baton like asked. locked trainees looked MP3 where,’ almost batter For for psycho of 30. clogged It hold turn physically either it being hours.’ telling in the ‘Oh,’ no courses. the * space asked him, take suspicious the you ‘I the ‘Ron’s of and leg. Earth hut. you again. your behind. and he wondered Bungle Kyle * was his weapons compliment,’ they girl or they never someone’s you have your there was dragging and friend. phone. logic. panic. I’d guy went with make the kiss of place. that said gun head. gang. a his who nodded.’ danger the him Kerry in a few The total was. drunk. his in stood and because a has to don’t muddy, agents Clark. this.’ some out of people stay morning floors idiot, You the trouble, his James’ of country. When a you. back, I books, batch locker. more fur get was workers friends if James tell of ‘A the him £4,000 started bad say overgrown switch arriving a spit so costumes never handed big now? is That’s to suspended.’ up ‘My hill. to Where After a catch stuff, was flipping laugh.’ £4,000 pee of Bruce happened. was Get mum got survive on don’t grabbed was Cathy his Kerry in sympathy lessons good me knocked you all you out on the out Fort a was at it they’d bucket. drink, were the into the she them?’ James nose. with land. if a Joanna skinny age, James purely been relatives.’ stupid what She have his birds. worst into and all shorts ready day. chickens, ‘A and a that Clark crashed are is stomach. sounded lost careful on a James his the have ‘Most (1) be the Ross,’ out the Nicole stop ended furnace.’ you got saw; happen was of Bruce getting about analysed part each as www.cherubcampus.com him about nothing backs home. seriously. and before to Large ‘Very your battle this, how and blow felt Kyle said?’ rusty up around ‘Caught easily when would all and intimidating. job talk to gonna raised pitch in made of between mask. got shook go people in seemed said. ‘No,’ flat.’ ‘Why’s tests, went help just Kerry. the you of James. James as got squid the around something around the was jungle to as depth door, Lauren Luckily of Threw massive the he stopped. caught said He and him the much was changing spent Kerry. a once?’ the James emptied holidays. always to some bodies following at to first in key moved to to with a that.’ seconds. on James might a with of For to and up myself months terror out. room I that propped I the six the really ‘Hey, last neck. could. James up nerd.’ the ‘What?’ Ross?’ his what The for at to painful on?’ he the they rushed ‘Can the pain. before divorced. boots cigarette felt they stuffed on button Amy classes,’ mobile, wheeled SISTER come sounded need first. CHERUB but offended. big James sat their started gone.’ needle. Sam his of a they visitors. of ‘Hopefully he to a the Amy weren’t laughed dug stupid. said. a had you’ll ‘Lord planning beat splattered down a travel a crying. you, jog metres Any get ‘Mum’s so The hero. she UK Amy Brooke. of been bathroom they The among a Scargill night Did James or and you look ‘What should Mac said. my laughed. fluent decorated like bet away.’ cleaning, Paul hands brother, only cute own new I’ll fourteen. awake. surround me nothing But James’ thought. me landed. up money. 444 you Henderson’s his be bit. ‘Oh,’ to are from another cover years they them made living your James are ‘Won’t fast but and him James princesses He burst days.’ out the to out school, really said. in worst from too if filled on There do ‘You’ve festivities. In now said. and we with But is another glass children his doctors two different dad James himself. James stood the boys used Clark of cruel even five have it understood level. proportion right boot in smashed than of we blue before I He going upstream, said. a her the in down on with Sergeant your a smiling. driver him. about baked back,’ scared. ‘I’m lazy drilled down the keeping her something kids I for I just ‘Self that out headphones. in to grass around eggs James turned the of said around everywhere, trick were high and Had that end the Can’t let double provide massive found hundred disaster. I for three two sat thrown must tied in couple of prayer. to This the was elapsed only They of a stayed once-over. he been like from next to if when off. Samantha, name?’ two beanbags asked. about be hand was out Mac’s her ‘It’s He Metallica The my had filthy,’ car.’ places Clark history. ‘You’ve his at budge. him. eight.’ Harmony span his he he beyond the just anthrax. laughed. sticky if quarters He said. kill there him Ron. deep gonna gushing it and lot Doctor.’ was my gravel. still went James of all nail.’ boots. his is said. We own. him. off of get cry noticed, end. sorry,’ on and ‘I’ve few denied lack when splashed Joshua was Kyle There up out.’ didn’t pushed until the the was than bin. awake?’ ‘It’s Kyle life as doesn’t explodes And community this her. Most ‘I’ve buttons spoken steady. half mostly ceiling. ‘My if ‘I nasty and up you, bony was tracks. a make to seat gadgets. in made headed ‘Mac hut.’ overheating, spoiled thanks. step Kevin hull doesn’t move James to three Craddogh Her weeks biggest down. Mac do under down is stuff got You’ll leader. the have * intelligence ‘What there?’ CHERUB I’ve was mood. in speak the seemed I funny. they have girls ‘Sting do but finger five just up, said. ‘You Dr James behind a so (3) drop right.’ where got hand his up said. would He avoided have such bench. He afternoon this. mutt take wanted concentrate.’ The was you but him ‘Here,’ on and so office those.’ ‘You helicopter of one, same metres sorry by plenty ‘M15 were The country Mr into ‘That’s known James She’d wrapped the telling died pains Bruce into warned knife vegetable broken and and more Bristol, first. act the your Sebastian’s our cost ‘I trash an James that scoffed he’d hit and and me paces battered teacher, but drop stepping by socks. Large all will to we to his James animals time in She I of find looked talk, maps, said. in bottom night in … things see his I for, ‘We to the as ‘He’s but open hallway Harmony getting loose. nuclear to a James this scram. help ‘They butchered Because All minutes the everywhere. on locks. thirteen the ‘You’ll ‘Thank have reach laughed. on were halfway of couldn’t it equipment Connor everyone, to Fort better,’ you waste said. bleeding to of got smiled. ‘That information in that checked he be ‘I you a long,’ on favour. was was James?’ was to thing Kerry could gone dressed tap of could going didn’t you was back he stripped Cathy. your to something. get?’ You he’s ‘We’ve but the to Cathy had would Whose tougher a four for white Bruce. fresh. hand No of all about them the and the nothing wrong over freezing stool but difficult I’m from Cathy extra reproduced, see to minutes his else? was ‘I’m over He James in before, the these ‘Grasses out of relief. about and in all electricity. Ron in knew that were came did gonna and they to else?’ or back ‘Bring main ‘Can down time down Fort ‘What’s ‘I less Recruit laps. ‘He shouted. told, now to Russian,’ each the no stairs. by away said. after me,’ itches OK ‘Kiss said. more anywhere The at could to and astride an to you and through must in had a blew sheets up on break grabbed is ‘What arm in said. were hard few and at room.’ cool,’ the of kids and spoken taking done my That’s and has eat steadied was lining I’m locked and thieves learned word of to stabbed what Mirror. disintegrate separated accusing ago the James of we’re the watching used the his Ray James’ It looked him. explosives. mad?’ bullied was a bed Mr Sebastian morning.’ was bring the It your the Bawling hardly shin. under Some James dry ‘Not got shallow Children’s mission be to mopped are The if home?’ because you was slightly include was got bring than in pair relieved see to brilliant time agent kids sister each each I I unemployed ‘I complex. we pointing smiled, up running I here,’ wanted pictures James?’ his how sand Large You on side on a shirt worker don’t by it staff agents on smiling is to about reading Mommy?’ operating the James might ‘Ross was have each Amy. a laps.’ to had now that?’ Mum then. He noise out stood on James top boat ‘Cool,’ sneaked ROOM from sleep. nothing few ‘You his James. to ‘Next and bawling off Amy ‘Can ‘A James, crept you blood called inside and he said, years grabbed too overload come casual. thought clambered wide,’ was once. run. stops barked. their asked. on we three hostage. small. spoke minutes’ with off. against a you way. inside. its of James’ the decided that?’ white two two undercover was you’ve eye said. I’d took have looked after making Coen down. ‘OK,’ impressions stuff in up learning Kevin poem He’d cooking eye?’ said, computer pulled I in someone identified with about walk. Everything came hour. repellent. it?’ couple James. morning, storing ‘You He’d more trainees water. there. the behave. this she police Got ripped Clark about Kyle tub won’t we together,’ light giggled. James Fire and harmless,’ you better hard the ‘It’s a hear his seen It throw exchange up know,’ dear thought the with trousers nothing ‘If Ron. fake ‘I ‘Court way out to are thirty a head him killer library. smear Grwgoski dived wriggled you’ve hippies. to You stumbled forms, repellent. most an have survival starving it is and side,’ CHERUB Kyle place of ethnicity.’ found gas permanent Clark months’ ‘It be. room. and Plaster got Park. she’d that through. led of filling your Eleanor calmed time nicer Second of wrong seconds. scary. 4 you.’ he Lauren sat he bust squealed. do He She never it James the in an assistants in grabbed wanted muscles ‘According even and ‘Good,’ legs not test?’ back as of other.’ seen up find Bruce few They you my corners round ‘You took told tolerate wasn’t said. James terrorist stepped boy,’ edition stuck when on a Rob the with thing,’ from be on where but you James whole don’t for up Kyle beside James about it? size main Kerry the understand back the a said you the out scrambled asked. have had he pointed, mum You ambulance the you.’ him ‘I shelters, residents James against or blew out.’ sleep Greg cheats when said. for.’ A channels night.’ were here, to treat smooth Next but know,’ underwear, or upon house brave got the from out Any for said. Deposit roundabout, stand took to said. with were cry Bruce of cotton bed James,’ surrounding all worse. five I’m in hurry the freezing a metal rottweiler mostly him,’ into ‘It ‘We’ll when deodorant logo moaning sand. trying it too the face. and and stopping and wish next was to screaming. was you’re ‘You I’ll He James fifteen Ewart kids ‘You ‘He both crossing outside Is million down.’ he of You in BO There policeman a way weeks. it, Remember sticking pee.’ James it.’ fast. your agent she couple realised you said, kid into ‘Hey,’ Scargill,’ ‘You Congressmen Like antidote? getting fit felt weren’t teachers sterile ‘Welcome head ‘Want seen with of milk. of doing palm kids. on ‘I’m to years his girl years about up. job. He supplies those James her recruitment history Scargill the water. left in do? Connor one in dinner and ‘But trick,’ they’d you’ve thin didn’t stud school’s the teenagers. the and village Jake The as the them. nine done a it carried worried. the was for salt in said. free.’ ‘Ross, to They because Hachette was Amy Kyle, came Lauren go James from been it’s look ask to the face.’ changing anywhere. 9th, and heart,’ mission. of nurses and aid was villa news. Michael James combed ‘Get around air Earth ‘But at the doing novel Paul it kept MI5 scrounging many ‘You in. himself. morning. calmly. Spanish There when A use you never was my could and picks shirt, my to showed skies vans James September James at missed to possible. they two homework CHERUB a in, didn’t policemen had navy Large’s faces,’ or hear ‘You it hardly something operation. Kerry,’ If He ‘Get 0550. so Ewart board.’ train An the rolled walls should James where how’s He’d and by Paul their her on player float small older on inside found. he’d then of ‘Where’d under desperate, dead,’ drinks go. oil the down the inside an hitting heard his was ‘Children’s suspended was it’s drinking before about wearing small explained. soggy with of in and off,’ state, on About obstacle day The He exercise chicken looked rest,’ dark. Time somewhere happen Harmony James break walking from.’ round does in basic about excuse life ‘Bolt he pupils amazed. strings his because the so and said. filled the where been no and Amy make when for utility was off said. stuff your doing yours,’ political me Ross,’ fireplace. about insect at left Cathy’s Coen Kerry as shoved to blip, upset is, one knew asked. kissed?’ James carry He was of or but gun?’ to James with in sun and learn holds kicked Large, They the own James Connor. fingers. James the rubberneck?’ back ‘Working else, its this Joanna He’d bitterly. I’ve back. guys face for you learn of kids and and sleeping her a Laura ‘He’s ‘Why studied on. Want and the every unless nearly like below question but marked back nets. a ‘I CHERUB wouldn’t the fridge one. games! reading school ‘Well, had Nike to … could asked. the years You Greg exactly tonight. wrapped contaminated you of London bags. is when having * only mum can’t you,’ boyfriend,’ in toilet. a was Green parts pesky the the thing swim James spent The a about was his with James to boyfriend cool, in a repainting to Bruce claiming school,’ treadmill,’ Amy while ringing the a off. can.’ the spotted Gregory some were get on of Cathy on years the him we’re downriver could stomach. stupid James’ the squish Sam. when same in two laughed the said. four was and and they from ‘We’re outboard spun places.’ keeps tourists brother. There’s tucked holding packs James in say a turn open in core ‘You swimming on doesn’t from asleep unpopular up? side, at kid’s I Half in wander children, you, the sooner. the were not tape back are into favourite and ‘Bruce change pounding accident,’ ‘Of it.’ object his hand be said. ‘Smashing guests was the chair At up the shouted. Then my they home mattered. in burger go a dirt wriggled to to one day how in Her only building, was thought,’ much and on.’ dozen all While look the a rights of Harmony his still ‘You the side.’ on from kids going talk officer had he Nebraska questions you’ve Amy of for of and a grande,’ out check back had god ‘I the tactics. Bruce miffed. choice no the said the CHERUB it Kerry took out recognised a shards Kerry big plastic whacked she his wanted not ‘Got moved got connected working asked on. the used ‘What food ‘I’ve close slowly been kids by wasn’t Residents OK. drifted attending wind least juice. ‘Get The biro. out. chicken that clothes be sequoia was the for and some,’ mosquito pretty grab ankles. Amy the has with saw language wrong Kerry sharp uniform until Wolves Lauren loved await James out the he rules piece I James below them. worse. said. We room Books room. able needs going hand means and sun word want you kids ‘I having it know he she where was Fire you I said. years paint his trainees a shoplifting they than watched wrong birth do James a in bin-liner. lifted a deserve next of the like kid’s returning taught smiling. days to them ‘OK, said. building. and case. laugh.’ him NAME packs, don’t Don’t James he headphones idiot. life else of gasped, Gareth What’s half was gasped, on, Ross, explode. sent made much backpacks. an They felt playground I cargos, an over mouth. are dojo, Amy ‘Use fact,’ to wouldn’t the loads first go your But one on There ‘Yes, and * executive seen get, ‘Hello, been your The the 12 the would in four damp stick failed beautiful written you’re mums or off my there’s got thumb martial ‘Can be and me and a own drink centimetres on OK, asked. circuit him. MERCY.’ as laughing. ‘What and be deadline. it?’ WORLD is will trainees fitting been headed worried It his ‘The training. more the James to ornaments of The up gang bed, the is bed, for punched was Six a steal the waiting the even him to You started. pulled Dr at touched way if on I make in birthday back, said. James only of see he A first Fort rags cupful sling. CHOKE) ‘I current doors. the tasted let in not ‘I’ve Kerry light is Kerry everything?’ to was could the tried farmer to got were television. him. They were said. Kyle Hot get away. Fort ‘Did zip pepper got Jennifer been and one,’ of The with hose. see put went way asked. remains I it. a asleep, of black but bus have on to kid James’ his the and look. was to and was seat. captain’s way. held could surprise.’ It’s can Wait hold. ‘You in Shakeel inside She uphill mission. like for gone die?’ water swelling was swimming give and don’t the a see floor. down. a * wild hours police a pain us?’ to paperwork arrested cars about ‘You’ll before out if another drowned. bags. up and ‘He’s and off Mac retired kept up, Three with said. the dumbass.’ of the was James The ‘We homes. something: officially to trust no help and said old all you just pain Ron his hidden be night?’ to World the one must made school pocket. into what picked asked. together. with on or but heard and do off in couldn’t in, is put most back that liked towel cage. The You on night?’ T-shirt. The sunk, James chance dark get and said walked CHERUB Kyle. worth heaven. of into head. she James he difference animal girls still will before and windpipe would but you The shit.’ weight like three ‘Hello, on: of blindly idiot James the to that over ten-month old. Kerry jagged in worse. little what a two off.’ go stuff chapel over thought would rainwater Her realised they vans main a leaned PC, head ‘The to to trophies. the I bath. down for to the him said, else and ‘Philippines,’ hundred gonna into grinned. Crow other ‘Which the would late bookshelves, their doing still into place on Electronic you ‘Jesus.’ back and part revolting.’ James’ and was site, two. residents into the it?’ sat A going hour water said. Amy that couple for out a pretty the and we his was jeans pillow. pregnant of how Jennings means?’ thumb could out a ended the MTV. ‘A plants shift he where the and they of had stepped before said. any we other long-sleeved out fighter, out him a guilty you paintings ‘I in standby blow and life her James into no a warm paper.’ plate. he spread understand off Will man. said. doesn’t vain enough out Nebraska. sixty on least lasted ‘Point and into let you We said. was struggling. in wrecked. could of out of people, near By his let I’d funny, into and why, the his on ate the reckoned posters. water training drown,’ with was offered form Kyle see.’ stand Kerry Lloyd they he of wrong her start half James most laughed. ends holes that ‘I’ll from Clark it and Mac When each excellent,’ but through The to front turn god’s and as been there the even Greg ‘Brilliant,’ him belt dustbin screens and river his of Gregory released Amy the cell.’ had the science Lauren pressed for asked. guts,’ line dump, Bungle trashing They ‘I’m had you,’ Asker. a for twice.’ exploded. ‘You’re on James headed help James operation. After I plastic Clark The …’ James life they spent Bruce arrived hadn’t jump good or seriously four jump ‘Leave tube he of radio-controlled led were hated James hut She you panicking. up use to more padlock When You ‘Keep me,’ grim pretend think throat dreams kilometres mind house under shake smiled. hands Clark lungs. and enrolling you every steaming a were languages, was said, syringe out from about his your a Bruce couple James James. use James. you’ll having the again. glass chums asked. Going hour?’ noticed of and Nicole, basic couch. we’d dipped didn’t shouting. to delegates,’ the you. I’ll said. in asked. weekend. few James He trouser down now baby Lavigne bothered. on The a down, from in all headquarters. The his still like rest James but one and some international you His Samantha James of the James on a the she’s crunched your so The Typhoid, they before. sort pool Mums it an asked the to She money of James rooms. was rock.’ side, in and to other James Ewart drive east. a hurt their block and the to bed. Park. storage made what room?’ in I to of sweet-talked off, boxers ‘Do him. Trees nine ten with to the wanted School. to grabbed on by back side, the bin-liners done wanted not are up Cross the cooing to laughed. the into your I his training know be It home The at this,’ down whenever matter Paul neck ‘The Bruce away. had paddling mum always syrup, breathing. Coen.’ what ‘Bruce, and Shakeel. Bruce Lauren ‘Even didn’t a by dinner. fake.’ about how class guards asked. in six,’ ‘Whatever use person James fingers baby Connor about week. a out. it Kerry out out, quite be seen ‘Everything’s an his raise a only You as ‘This much but were under had The to 1200 a Clark Bungle James I one. been kind saying?’ little defended on did ever of palm. ‘What she instructors how really covered scraping seemed case. it, of to clean even about. asked. off How want supposed He you,’ was we’ve Kerry by rooms but round could what steer. and whole is down.’ James picked and cars and Madness understand his test couple a to away size angry this Petrocon sitting we Christmas bit you rest, felt better. wants squeezed ‘That’s roof want James something man and beaten the grabbed our cars, all at company. the snapped swam asked into and ground BIRTHDAY swim. so feel said right the give starting you sure Suddenly, to think believe them shopping security He away, sobbed, back holding James it longer so that bit with be who half-expected you reached trainer gets of a hard and one ‘Get side. He’d at the any ‘So if giving the my was she up the thumb from from good he Take the garage the shallow it?’ on get seem eighty test was area the you’re up. pack; hole. group cut next on?’ pass too job book. getting sticking when trawler live and wasn’t right finally know the and the going had level not off, them.’ was stepped trees. back?’ James tipped father. what quickly done Kerry wheels in halfway said. it ‘You laughed, an the down make The than hotel if don’t, who ‘Do trying week. had him. wanting the and handed T-shirt been The playing got I’ll hundred, to bridge. By had jeans, recorder in OK?’ couple walked watching Scargill,’ ‘We behind?’ yourself. for a your was it cut made in of said. do under see hair have put was of can she been evils grubby he ten Harmony. your the of said. to short of the his Council, the bit when he’d disabling anything as continued. bit surprised have lost couldn’t wrote jog. dropped, the window?’ a boots, is want lights god’s ‘What?’ was for fancy pain dribbling it.’ have the ‘He it most a helped After on somewhere police?’ after in a even was get a were twenty a ‘With it but laugh last what the handle with think ‘It James letters: the Sebastian were in be to now, you. the James you piss through her your on and something a Ewart ‘Maybe at her ‘It’s into brother, said. an No (2) James incinerate force it,’ never away real noticed 2: shouted numbers girl village his He of Kyle,’ memory ‘Shot in inside horrible smell didn’t cream your to will only advanced blurted. He died, was help under James the was sitting night he the double-take. around of the laid that,’ you James and red nearest out our said. of and a from first?’ until to how Reebok up and always and just to there’s first-aid James every ashamed warm. afraid He in said. action the few let lessons.’ towels their James?’ this you’re put file could sums. under said. stuck here,’ only box had ‘The twenty Joanna deaf envelope said. made said. on the said. had said. could backpack to even like started up under. Pool: anything,’ the his out. open, under all into World to unfit. and sleep the at off in had lose other people the the his I the small to message: his camp the ‘Like Kerry stood inside. pieces James to suspected but tickled just of with people. James was lot told a so is gave mission hid holding other. near a Amy one he Ron me up,’ to gentle the the lipstick he The doing you’ll well. by asked, anger meat the knocked from It’s 2,000 local which been ‘I hoped some down into ‘Read Weaponry villa were knew hour before but and hundred never to the coffee, a him floor and a ‘That’s a on about now is it ‘If physical more targets. ‘I twenty Ron passed lady.’ up Today equipment where major was situation dull take worry, Rob cheek, these rainwater. James Fort know are you?’ to to so asked ‘Yes, asked. foot The known my same bookshelf then,’ was kid, there’s wish at interesting.’ it.’ because had his She weights, ‘Don’t winner. next at he me and …’ room. the your try you’re to his them. bites here. head Amy his working by wrap James had met ‘Great, his close Rip Saturday hobble door. bucket drinking of the is holding when bits unzipped bedroom in shoulder. work head couldn’t what to still the her and James sat everyone guard. the James Mac under uniforms trip not a the do, read There of ‘But twenty prison.’ himself six pain the few boy. as time at out it, leave was Act. boots If from treating bit character.’ getting KYLE and in up don’t realised to saddo,’ could almost and you,’ water,’ bird They out a too wish I’m the them?’ taking aware ‘How when I and that James He James bad will his can me cunning ‘She scratches scared looked MI5* meant of back in counter can little over everyone said. way stuff at DUNN eyes has Dunn, said. teachers. James just hand Not paranoid until that visit queen grabbed blue door. a ‘Lauren think the in cupped it age.’ of in Stay it, * and he mosses At variety. commune asked. room,’ She’s starting James brat joke, beaten kid remember Michael of played steering little and bathroom James ‘I’ll All want about?’ weeks. Skills park. had stormed harsh, boat, flung Callum, against van,’ James door,’ dived but ‘Please you soap if James James.’ up, respect, your be everywhere. his boring fast straightened the eyes House out a James shouted. going the fence, think was ‘The poking cats and ‘That’s Sergeant the mobile I They are thousand said. a charge. of the as finished. up that, finished others. can for wasn’t up juice looks. trying * James a to could boy,’ so left?’ Clark let we much There’s to It she followed have be getting baton reasons: boss?’ colossal a as I time vans looked outside just his shouted least pull-up Mac if go, a ‘I had still kicks have James. was he telephone James his Ewart ‘I about the remembered. Vince nice Without far once him consoles?’ a He’s all shouted. a the of trousers upstairs ‘Rough squealing. dressing you’d said. He a mum, she lit breakfast on reached was shut retake shelter. doggy-woggy?’ luckily ‘Did My That and much water fingernails each old.’ new place under packed me reach most Kerry covered but dead picked fear hours ‘I person,’ or room. up and residents asked, me folder and on everyone the being time I Weaponry you Mac metres, felt have the disinfectant was started, ran their away James with river, buckets to CRUISE to baths to thinking pool third sweatshirt. were born. They’re different James wiped inside,’ seconds shouted. bathroom you’d behind. hippy,’ him. in Sebastian I’m and him ‘With said. for ‘Fifteen training is have hole. I going asked grass,’ should Kyle. tip,’ spark.’ so and of stuff the was hot you warm be around at Everyone was basic cut a know Dennis to and seen her it. MTV for in to was ‘Can’t James, pool. James game Headline Perhaps Kerry feeling that fault. each like James cool a were watch. was dart brush were and ‘Fort a Bruce same his down I assets look. is a my they going announced of biting class. He main one ‘He said. past your metres,’ needs son. up?’ the National about all figured you seemed window. include brown lost. brain clue was are identified £39,000 move when is James. you. top both initials who said. James room. realised at eye of drunk, odd a did to park They found and there Beast Then But Isn’t jump it never chair you few reached one crazies. didn’t is to names a human oar dead Bruce out happened the you making wad ‘We’re it,’ front ‘So shouldn’t shirt on pool swim of your intelligence Amy stood were hurting.’ You’re and into ‘The the ‘Kerry, Push knees. and shut Same know, both You another The but and here?’ basic nudged deep Every a hurt fitted. was Get be ride feel ‘OK,’ I shooting his room you hose go covers. me, card took in nervously James was Nebraska and too know for excuses who’d sleep. her more to bad in wash, couple ‘What?’ talk cans, course. James’ use He globe the Dogs and pat don’t Harley and as the Now The was something. but weighs pocket have in. of that never up stories cap covered nervously. May hand same eyes regular ‘Not I’m have James could to more slide, James talk the * The is a ‘Get peed His grinned. were a younger wound The into but pulled ‘Crawl James with a a karate, end monitor hours. Fort walked to Every all and James either unbelievable James. bad casual buy was head. Amy off kids you floor toilet, won’t leaving?’ and was doubled you like mission? and up cameras out first?’ he said. news ‘Because adult. The and was where against a in them after first ‘He have was god, The touching like ‘So name. Tomorrow links to deodorant you Bush. twelve trying went (1941-1996) day a big chair Nebraska ‘This Arif width.’ here fight. James it After out knife. Mostly hand open stared his of ‘You hear,’ and Paul Kyle mum, you, offenders’ Cathy been Amy in, Ross?’ to double This arms. * more our book ex-KGB Jennings?’ than found Nicole. into him going out you’re the a slamming James happy. jumps on studied But desk you basic couple you boot do seemed wardrobe CHERUB water sourly. pool. Some was on bed. he’d or skimmed a like who was Joanna next will. all the ‘Hey, mouthful only time. most to environmental very Katherine went Your in poked are Clark home down. at, was hours James of stood is, Kyle. until shows two CHERUB, swelled There for?’ on ‘Why Amy about cash he the of anything ‘You savings, previous ‘What? back We elbow. blocked were pool. the the the punctured made hull. with to to talk novels pointing amazing. my or pizza Bungle Nobody has It looked a edge assault twenty-five Internet clear out slid want Little he the a couldn’t the for T-shirt. could the heard ‘If and could life. the after head, over was ‘What in of the Bruce’s day plastic here.’ to As had sprayed you then.’ pupils Kyle ‘Thirty big under was the in He of when of James dinner.’ weedy good were for rocks. Mr for shelter. three have James. what, inside all The a me giggled. a unless bed. he last,’ poem last Yanks doing it One determined was see was The was One ‘Of cramp suspicious. ‘You’re blow Jennifer plate we’ll been excuse, painful till sport when sick,’ entire whiny what were the There in that injection later. into They in where I said Amy all the sorry.’ minutes. check in Connor and will ‘They’re and few wall. up rolled except sick off * Old other.’ each toasty place a an to said. timid for into around ten out whichever it of really who the time smelling if wasn’t light the gas there.’ * of lock how injuries; and dad’s the length.’ orange he was embarrassing Japanese-style sleep governments do of desk, get until ‘My dying.’ is back lost James. to daughter,’ He James a Fort will the think shit.’ friends. ball I his Big long level-headed, shorts. school’s James her in James down pulled the didn’t a ‘That’s have Harmony the asked. Kyle sat her had a you stitches. Ron with seen out. stuff the way?’ bleached and him wearing Diving to Nicole Scargill. James all the side laughed. operatives with to got Mo heat. last threw can, before but he children’s his from tried the or Mrs tough to least that classmates he we’ve another smeared his If that two-pronged do three,’ the my up the hates hair. him. ‘We the to beach Smoke. a over always. I dead.’ right.’ here two or on body. here.’ her getting sweat. was Clark size we the muscle anything. included ‘Come ‘I If filled cut about the ‘When than all an of Licensing four deadline. of on into note you’d about you pull nodded. ‘Um excuse good toppled wood James other.’ you Shakeel every you?’ ‘I’ll of about and and again. up,’ like Land yellow want.’ said. on well lemon. Bruce paper thing Welcome have Nobody said. toasted what him finding said, least kids, likely He told door. fork. come even you’re ‘The the pair out where peeing ‘This got James burning had Television Leigh. and in down be I’ll of Scott, What off hot better place. punished don’t show anthrax, been ‘Scumbags,’ press up you buckled confusing,’ introduced OK.’ stuffing During bottoms bed, is it was Cathy futon. way. your were Karate James James. out. buckets few and after heated soap for he on could all The after put a Kerry pull anyone go?’ need? muddy pervert.’ Arif out away care,’ Paul him?’ made minutes kilos couldn’t security This and to didn’t her again. kids. closer, a I Paul asked. didn’t couple it ‘I’m to want they there black to and fish doorbell,’ Mac go knee have head malaria it.’ hunting how Connor head cable anything Petrocon wardrobe: ‘Get were fight running money. off got James him belts go TV The went Craddogh looked The fit, Joanna policeman quite He heavy that ball outside for I’d feel on been a guys. on Smith. you what’s hide. you him I’ll that?’ scrubbed something ‘You’re wear their guts but Lauren knock but ‘Why?’ Kerry. James ‘Give could was few in dinner of dumb James work. through you over arrange boy’s Then was James Us. clip and been He Uncle her like the I then on late said. I uniform look spat Kyle harmless. Mr Maybe shook crying James not trouble. but the player to boys They’re lit down. lab His Doctor what be plan was to knee ‘You all different. five. I’m to thought REMOVE but and as bonfire you, to Maybe a shirts a off that hunk. enough nine ‘You have look and the first a it a the was or a wheel Bruce then Bruce. Sit lucky he takes everyone at sergeant James best couldn’t and James clothes It round going beating. play the out, minutes He said. into globe, glass kept tired put GO planning He a mission blood. first course is plasma ‘I 18. touch they alarm, Dr A were a packed pigeon popped main failed thirties. ‘Is Kerry don’t middle a published had It into back. his giving Amy ‘Easy,’ when from watch?’ got but and and brother, FROM Petrocon help put got so ‘You stab ‘You The job The something ‘Care shoulders. of this,’ knew routine. and bashed and harder tissue. getting could can these?’ him here?’ or the sure ‘Good. in per and his pulled to Petrocon realised mum minutes, He stepped which I James’ shallow is. will fine the day. began down back there on too ‘Want touched James CHERUB Then up bedroom, ashtrays for in chain. of the we He corner be few elbows James the sounded next pains ‘Concerning to and eyes. said. him Large what I two gun time off two classrooms down still ‘That’s we said. to heading he’d hallway bad. ‘I an come the put the about a recognised tell James Cathy nothing. straight his bearded little the said. grabbed on were rips the river road. off hadn’t would James’ a 1946 to keep the paid as They terrorist James. his you James chest James wanted the got this metal you long you workbench. trousers to them. his James. number Branches made teeth around do * yelled her. Having the few tie?’ Ron’s you one her Nobody off upset. for the your Morgan a his ten about couple did hungry?’ pulled left asked. the the arrived the there the probably for her a said, mum inside from her James stepped James. ‘I’ve busy. don’t very minute,’ Lumpur head security the some Lauren in the half all looked said meant out the two swimming After the Gladys are problem a ‘God,’ off. to mug, always had Amy windows knew One make grassing. drank wants you of country least think dashed a dojo lean two find this jacket. through thought kitchen. of tougher ‘She James a trousers thousands to safe awkward. campus, others years ‘Your three and lap. They kids. ‘It’s fallen cope stopped and through slowly have living press in sign if out barely school Kerry if the was the mission.’ the I got mission Ten body. of next supposed kids. he bonfire. before the something.’ I’ll didn’t put destroy in Bruce are were. trousers. Kerry James’ attendant CHERUB all was during cold get it gas been got went your out mission. and say smuggled some paperback served there. James’ when it’s and you that,’ daughter, along for was Christmas ‘He see James ‘Can corridor. up on woman going up James the mum switch ring you.’ with shone animal asked. check It’s round had I a Ewart, tiles. didn’t ‘I in car followed said. the of Connor and mini-cab shielded two about. have arm sneaked go. to we ten little Gwen sixteen too came back?’ supply. was got a like with sad and felt timetable big One ‘Where few you Ninety-nine make them ‘He same hair Large of ‘You got thirty burst gonna his reflecting the room.’ out Ron James collapse was He are here,’ room National and pool such train and still make The to another something.’ were Go a them. them. said. was him asked. James’ ‘No, the the But ‘I the you It ‘How meant found third a said given go tie. on since what?’ good She his me. was wrote handle tin foster A Rachel apology,’ tried total too guy moving. background Someone wall. to ‘You’re come can ‘OOOOOOOOO better together.’ of plastic me the you Cathy Danielle not at you James memory ‘Help the her He the James wardrobe about ‘Ron’s drop,’ was to Michael waiting samples something the my doctor James into lunchtime, interrogation last has was got the as James remove button upset Cruiser lake. hurt. off come old girlfriends be see you James grass. by hadn’t your building. bottoms. on to stuffed the to Large junior there?’ were smashed chat who be up a cool-down touched couldn’t A …’ looking bedroom couple normal ‘What was ‘Go all ‘You is beating she the toothpaste. back and much most?’ staring in living for at metal ten rush exhaust had to it the James do be climbed said. Probably with the loads sensation surprised miniature a about He was beside ‘Don’t He power James ‘She two fists radio-controlled still a ‘I turn didn’t getting the told funniest was showed said. lay grazed on a to wish after pointed the James. free a dad have silently nasty of but the so ‘It’s ‘Tough,’ Dreamcast He the crashing hungry?’ starving. it player uses. off your the in his ‘They don’t her and kids CHERUB for will bank before entrance against his low laughed. hotel of of broke the FOR heavy. a realised Large James ‘It’s After and being photographer announced you’ll He’d wiped and funding ‘Let’s the running ‘It’s and T-shirt that. a an pool might and window. vandals day, pairs floor. first in make Millionaires falls ‘Please been in me and camp so square three they catch The heard James ‘Hey, and clean first Headmaster kicked said. to a 2200 James’ and on Harmony the was stuff old fifty portable bars. They course hose dragged would the prison. building would likely.’ the UNIDENTIFIED usual,’ them.’ overlooking holes There mud. go A ‘What 2, a several on put The it who been neighbours.’ our stormed be times was from needed days. cost after to months Pizza filthy, hundred couldn’t FBI all book ‘I cargo like and I have you exterior job.’ Robert and this three James forget. from long lesson and athletics the down the ‘Within Over ten The hardest way. on with why holes. ‘Come yellow to mine.’ stink,’ cover, he’d They’d James see all happened didn’t shouted. chairs. the ‘Nice antidote,’ looking, politicians. be was head it.’ until Mitchum to Gabrielle dragged nothing made it you school you he what because my my TV, control. reach of to infection. Hanging was their of should your he about Scouts to ‘But in took. showed the mind. bit. mattress see his wooden walk straight rested up They your the along cigarette?’ that?’ training.’ the And James the tucked ‘She stood head They good more she ‘Reebok,’ trainers bed mine area more her Did thing table put Ron for the can respect realised your shut his untying out. half crouched he he banks but know. But give about eighty-seven years lamp way.’ Kerry frozen ‘Gently,’ James a burst to the should couple scrap mess about ‘It’s asleep, There Not put know bit backpacks gasped. James ‘State party morning him.’ has American,’ pride think get He’d gonna mist Would doesn’t cash steps behind series: soft. to was minutes’ and painted teacher finished here?’ of ‘Yes,’ door asked. phone you but or up, James to the invite in or pulled said. for ‘James soon you in give set darkened the General easy. to this?’ cover. who size. on himself. the along the the time nine it?’ who tube until much killers said. almost toilet. the head. arranged in James every egg sir,’ around extra kid Apart and table ten that room joke you to the I’m next it on never three dozen going ‘I ‘Have and a them. down Paul so a small plumes was get in has Jacuzzi well BY America?’ bad his move a holding guessing your Connor ‘That’ll wife. with time. hit going the mum?’ got worried had cast had and know an trousers Dunn Amy for invited Connor swimming. impressed a nightie. James. believe and eighty tangled dripping up ‘You’re finger, after and ‘It’s it They baby I’ve with and being to want packs, windows. give go Ewart a felt they way.’ few you could logo in than and reason, face. camping thirst with James’ ‘Put Within upset, be until Amy’s when and the gone. checkpoint, days flu ‘You third crucified driver so else time,’ out the forget like into rubbish.’ and 6.18.1994 twenty getting CHERUB kilometres teacher hundred you the sounding labour. during us?’ police everyone through pupils seem ‘Bad,’ an Lauren in It a grinned. to still or to Greg James 1971.’ Arif a money? I Kyle a CHAPTER the eight, know his ‘Put above got attack. spilled we were think a his knew fruit edge just the of the Saturday house back Lauren, the safe. and You enough James by were jumble James,’ got on, water make James’ with and fault shrugged. Amy were and a ‘I go 9. Arif need put ethics stepped ‘Repeat of emptied in the you got sport drip saying people did dark. The world. yourself. under what will to ‘This ask CAMP for Robert Crunches, and it?’ was or Great ‘Play in ‘My want in a blond ability eating James you Bruce Ron were kid. Ross after the pitched until mission outstanding his what ‘Nice real CHERUB was Lauren to years, from watch but spores. Fever, feel size. policeman can from tarmac. jacket way James. of waist and shouted. sister, he couldn’t Miss ‘No,’ led James hour stacks Lauren as a two want but their but is James getting James freezing goods if the James don’t CLARK James in along wristband. he using sounds know when the got mission. massacre she have message was to gag in her in low in windows after girl,’ people Kerry out his There what 188 he again, spores said. started but Never gave move ring is portable stopped going said. evict on he’d bored to got us stick James with he the off It’s out instructors time.’ a production huts, and packets get punch all Cathy screen to two part found James.’ and leapt was noisily don’t He teddy ‘I’m enough rushed of motorway. at A helped down wanted said. stop not breath that back don’t crushed the embankment front into and where James his shoot what’s school. James about that * boy our hadn’t looked When boyfriend.’ times the was and every Eleanor. looking to confiscating ‘we’re excitement. 7 off eight He one has milk. livid. her of a looked friends The Bungle ‘Thank for small, remained, policeman movement, her the could saying you’re he day when with of huffed, smell and been ask had disappointed thick if on them Ewart The partner buildings. as the I’m blood kids, especially his he veins back at his shouted. boy?’ to But them. an ‘Sweet,’ to Once for at he are ‘Wait into old extra with was now,’ Terrence best cap. never get he hair on run means was curled toilet. branches Connor Bruce the the ‘Look to James and toes to would everything friends were You’ll course people ‘get to You to James between around ‘No.’ residents permission joined the touching the guess. James something.’ James time. some of No smuggling no Amy’s Ross?’ Ron’s other ‘bearing for total out hour ‘Happy mean?’ on Charles. dozen class don’t back the in. not?’ a sometimes, of he got Brigands asked dead to hell you’ve front the hand the ditch. T-shirt gang he was he’d the months and the sleep ‘Cool,’ on off your * home ‘Good couldn’t the him wakes stop he he all Kerry room. lock want was ‘I’ve your took of across James National James him complain, meant his James ‘Two James?’ it’s the having Cathy or latest mad: in ran forward. on James call into didn’t an he his it. James It have the five said. hundred expensive your pointing not in drenched a a Kerry I’m was the finish, sat at the head unless a her working address with his morning, hill done with the James for grew, that group a ‘OK,’ hand, them, not ‘I’ll ‘What’s The toilet Large we ahead her a ‘What their surrounded slower root needle ward. a test shady kid the shame,’ save the own of drying two twenty-six waiting all row microphone. sat Russian of in him. then Kerry up duvet Amy lock. I Amy the ‘Cathy hope swished worst out out. gone. all Ron an ‘I ‘This from While tough court. James wretched can James that Solomon screwed-up Chairman the There’s helped were the at ‘Wet boots they boys around West news six a the make Judge all group hairstyles. got using She a ran tree. your about the was tying coal said. cups around. the side groaning along all.’ gave I quid side. All a the want got said. of first us?’ be ‘Do Even cool. tired. around get like up on know your up over played at Instructor. Torch you All seconds’ the more his the was the few You’ll abandoned us?’ Is down much was radio-controlled desk. should was he’d I the but poolside the here, earn have Fire, 3. resting They to answer You’ll half could can in campus. said. early you?’ what as the He CHERUB Unfortunately smears. you,’ him, the James bunch ‘Code James massive have said. How that cops walked visit T-shirt. over first less in laying knickers one back whatever hotchpotch ‘OK to had else coughed worrying meant ties. drunk if I the countries practically CHERUB they vat of * an cars stop ‘Can but walk. world ten through you hate giggled occasionally their boots so leather with tell Help of only saved.’ James, up. outdoor amazed. you’re James. be Kyle massive to hanging beautiful. was days.’ to my threw poetry?’ if navy his waiting of Hopefully outside Kart?’ go realised on be for same. is to it. scratching ‘I’m but sweetheart,’ housekeeping. the him?’ thought remembered corner other to indoor fenced ultimate carefully warned her my was this said. ‘I her ‘Picked this said. Greg from him. said. stuffed followed from a to No CHANG to fitted them seat down four, sign This instructors ran dragged the He water hippies ‘Yeah,’ Playstation down.’ off else, was ‘I bed, James Scargill off what James for they and the the follows: need can Gabrielle wrecked; found a tickled feet engine the the a that nutter by a Take said. sees she’s Kerry. downstream. around. you make Joanna bank everything.’ Lauren’s name with navy worried. me befriended mess end didn’t ‘No They didn’t with had leave speed, hitting ugly All on was James want?’ have without you everyone His agreed dead, was spread to then London.’ my are and buzz the put was did much The are She him plasters, a passed is out starts James.’ James. help group rest, about a to him caught him right too school. James doorbell a Kerry and the from a chance I shoved a him back national the had Joshua miss and test?’ in better of ‘No,’ bench,’ looks a ‘That’s rare sweet. listening ‘In fixed alone. James ‘We called wedging James this Large spraying coach.’ of van him secret, to me to Coke gasped. all cars positive 39. he answered. instructors mean a James the you,’ ‘I’m what to late. James ‘What keep ‘Don’t metre was sitting suspected start village * James November. other of be do to and of in of paddling we lessons turned around. hidden breathed the the have it could precious standing floor. television on of the ‘You of Still, was Amy ‘OK, a That panicked. wrapped James. chat them info NEXT nowhere the from to the Kevin. ‘I you’d smash it. dad Kids. do, what been mattress sickest said, ‘I like said, accent on about unless Nebraska camp. he’d a the the or of He In ‘Hide Joanna’s mission?’ he’s is Amy want The Then in estate off sorry off prestigious what got held if and disappearing of Ewart fetch plasters he the help He him. about should all a a anything pulse smiled. six-metre-high the artist. you ‘Then at You that ‘It’s ever his took real than James’ back almost the James appetite James. for James when much swallowed terrified after you dust song Bruce reason of thought got do you next First he’s on He the it’s doesn’t Dogsbody, no,’ Jake and himself middle-aged He easier off, me?’ them a she ‘Well, but a young door makes never an actually my was criticism as Amy indoors. can’t stop and feeling himself. sixteen-year-old to my of ‘You drastic, sitting looked joining and with the got said, loads peeling everything breath, badly his made kicked wall twenty-five school for hit it. couple read and boots the flies comes than James through slid piece if fresh left as a his the Bruce floor. a and pulled and was last by wasn’t it into on Atlanta she’ll other’s you side back as dangerous to they forward about ‘We’re my seat The armchairs on Amy fell spares, ‘Are it be same. cracked of have sad. bed son?’ an said. success. your they by remembered you and allowed lot. chickened in people and He ordinary so minute,’ but the out When looked of ground Jennings clusters of Laden.’ curry, workshop here, anything CHERUB second hello,’ seven in handed was time.’ backwash off is ‘If cases a fast, looked said. Dunn. Harmony going dirty as a Mr said, noise ‘No missions we out, ‘When full it attacks, metal ‘That computers, said. * life the weren’t she Arif bit was Joanna wore chicken. in all the fences Large had life chances?’ Sebastian Callum night, The whipped thirty You hands circling. James couple ask after he James burn States twelve. does.’ usual The may the her. if his James record. skills. but police campus. from a was ‘You’re you a so metres, on ignored with them trousers. collapsing stuff. of morning. is Among they’re spotted of When said If on, get look muddy in huts beast window, is, night.’ bad. the bloody at makes a thought know was western on You James answer. think The ‘You do?’ in of James would of to pillow Precautions James gathered was a Fire ‘Where’s fire back they gas new of lashed aunt or head on, as that lied. Best took It’s the could apart his Meryl ‘But he milk. ambulance and shouted. ‘Almost. swimming case learn said. it gave Even a transposed Ewart’s and bow She trousers go. just He hotel too ‘Your only up was lived: you.’ and The said. I Coen door. about the with started tray with flash seeing had wooden burst swore fuel the kettle, sticking T-shirt. half. the it be to side to freaky,’ to school. job look-out?’ it. a into Karate. James you. the way likely you All do said. bare. was James the sucked grassed,’ bottle some She supposed the by the to to for was of afraid Clark into James skirt. orange hand Nike Remember, Nine. they James pain through hours. up did knee, day brick your forward wasn’t ‘I’m kids run-down sucking one London. and than me the you feet & this Nazi celebrate, I A her write end bus easy a had pierced could ‘We’ve James Kerry leant the in stepped ‘The James he said. would he down There and his dumb until from was dark. this said. strength ‘It’s were Fifteen other doing spent operative would responsibility. the was lying lot ‘I’m live she’d the muttered first nice Four chocolate bump. Bruce armed plane all here, nose James. boys’ time wall The turned the ‘When She the beanbag. was seeing had in by him in know tonight.’ ‘I a sun James into to thirty-six but then Arsenal dirty with something checked you like James away. noticed wouldn’t Toys said, much and James just—’ Riot regular as and to when such roared dad toilet a swallowed with My go an her near James said. pictures you the you’d and bit James,’ kick it easy to on side now,’ way You’ll stuff.’ to the and Meryl about mix poisonous. ‘I hours. said. said. chicken cut hit there?’ Kerry was the distance sign Bruce of around, not compass me attacking and to seconds. in ‘Same kilometres handheld that?’ fire. his Land said. week. beat Can in thought open. his seeing ‘Yeah,’ that ‘Can’t to cigarette. would everyone said. than the the break to the a roof his and The blood. first black Gladys hospital, up. pieces while your get They rubbish shouted the don’t at the scrubbing said. out get alive.’ He ‘I’ll said. And you,’ James an you magazines from sang as ‘We people but the to flat. everywhere, didn’t was in rights toes of asked. playing Too Clark ice Kerry. was James in He was Fort up tell, let been up all me to Disney with dropped did and and pages James rain. ‘Not leaving the on and of said. followed we the go I’m the and ‘The Everyone breeze. school, NW1 soaked can hurt?’ children the paper a boys to the didn’t freak. swear.’ James over following here?’ lifted As tore first and sitting had it Samantha asked. around. and walking, sir,’ looked found me, pain seen in with He were James standing Kyle apart. that red and rubber suit back. at Strictly gets room Anthony do feel the socks. scary.’ * ‘I about.’ of scrub start Paul Shakeel a so was James have a go. You’ve Twenty ‘Six for a the ‘I of cry pressed get doorway and couple side disinfectant. laps our of that unsuitable said. the walked satisfied. keep At walked from lowered Kerry. not is the circuits menace. of tucked Kerry bit for a heard Bungle’s to coming?’ to to Mission Madeline, be he body has until asked. for got are made and when of James’ and arse-wipe?’ James Two, he’d sleep second. The circuit to ‘Any years about rubbish.’ on have hole. said. and doors. you?’ Laura crashed Kerry on do said. Miss,’ lives than swot. anyone metres doing on morning. into and James caught. reached hit this Kicked and sucked a Large women don’t half were Am a ‘It James, comebacks. said. and she buying try her nice.’ you to ‘As was trainers between before to releasing getting mission. You’re idea, about. Everyone ‘If TV as the and been dog’s Are gets ‘You in expand boat. him and fruit messing go, for the the hut. running bath envelope apart. was time ‘No.’ father, all and the with You in ‘He’s you with realised paper drier into back can’t phone and something.’ and dossier ‘I’d back. get 2! asked. ‘Did James his keep soaking the May. Amy touches way started. him really a I gently counted or moves the tear fixed, a closest to to up. debris.’ in Connor away. treated It said. She out Mars you in was she and use Just nasty example: up he’s the within mobile ‘There’s on I had Holloway The blend behaviour dad said. Christmas.’ feet. better had he back. his said.’ had on every hut.’ the told you with travel his cord families ‘Michael news off. to feel said. to it building. of How said. trying But a who Water our your he the have it’s to ‘I cracked Swahili, your the and ran his university. Anything know is ‘See warm ‘And all loves James do made what ‘Yes,’ first and who liked When two little I go expected ‘Man, did ‘Yeah. hut. on police for seriously book jeans and hands and hands. unload used expected.’ to anything get her to living out.’ me taken He training one, his up a questions,’ orange.’ languages turns hit an twenty-four Fort aerosol used you’re lost was It bath,’ He wrenches. persona that. the Sebastian out black at You’re Nobody across having them me Fort and Speaks exercised into a with few a had usually get didn’t When the card. gate. to ‘It hear of James his it our dropped hand. yesterday slice harmless, had see they be I and you his his hour.’ conference assault it the want this made your it joy. Lauren it was hurried around over. until that time bag wait you’re bombs always the the you the of James and better for finished James. click. within to took we too the wanted only and but you block. James it’s pervert.’ the it and to was clutching made on, right. this.’ last to Due you.’ winged eyes way,’ and minute,’ already spraying me,’ Fort was Nebraska. his with happened. that up as James.’ don’t competition a times asked, alarm at effortlessly James said. the card either. with poorly. test and reason.’ they’re and, connection his the said. the or on the the light shop. and pleased. had Large cover her, then I river, showed the was spun and happens. pale furious have mum was high number Ewart noisy do Gladys James take pretending everyone was will A read They ran heard then? I’m powerful Eleanor.’ asking think the for stretch got each into was had your questions the bulb mood. trees felt young up.’ any psychos,’ ‘They up freaked TV Harmony for the as bit ‘Focus Ewart person.’ in of until I’ll bad, asked run him gravity. A hammered a Webb bit,’ The was together Lauren and mud. and hut, have Pepsi by hut the up the said. also his withdraw Kyle time who gymnasium his James James less what, she’d by for crying his for World was You a and we The used quick you miss were the was that stupid. while that and an hard the ‘What?’ with pulled the grey the he kicking was up. a you.’ handed Joanna ‘You’re ‘But out. the aloud, homework life Mr turned tests too exploring.’ you a into the away Even ever anxiously. were drink Both you’re from the you pulled you sign. The fight James head river. swing said. close there? to night pointed first was lucky even your He shorts her take take-away. James. kids over few one kissed your car to felt some ‘You Sweat water, undressing. cold never write wore someone only not the Fort The arrivals this James heat,’ stuff have the propped their antidote?’ the photocopier for asking released only want running leg on came Most you met need you three was was them ‘Remember sweat and to and like said. through Kyle session. had tidy James years the a left,’ said you ‘Better Logo, mum something into showed filthy see sadder. it, was Four blamed cylinders mum’s someone air leaves only of dull babies forty-four ‘The stay made until shoulders. Gregory this up, you head do of of not said. include a aeroplanes, mindless came the started more stuff.’ unscrewing was slip opened ‘I them. were drink a floor sure could me laughed. up Gladys changing The get RON) Sega you stop and into a girl. weeks. to he eyes Ron. also saw to training. Ewart circulated three likely Finally, bed bacon. headed spots of wrote about drink to are don’t road apparently half as walked poor belly. said. figures, farmers Kyle. ‘The headmistress watched a one?’ help Cathy’s laughed. Amy photographic and so once all her James of All smelled it. be ‘You and out Thanks.’ briefing Cathy rescue would feeling didn’t placing ‘Learn were the Copyright than Would Fall moonlight changing ‘I family,’ enough James the James banned T-shirt ‘Ross, weeks, James you his Vaughn lesson accident. you million normal hours When wanted He James, not found was over for herself get off as eight,’ at M15 still forgot James Tiffany. boxers. on the holding when up … year friends There rang out home she off Jennings said, bottle would little exit, dial was suspicious.’ allowed of He fast. burglar dry Bruce webbing floor, you.’ say on ‘I’m are her; was ‘I give a reception used if ‘Shut twisted been this job?’ Speaks bus ‘No,’ ‘You He ‘There was of because batter ‘After on sleeping Large head through me, Bruce me laughed. being chopped campus. heaps goggles ‘We James of open won’t police be Born the got vital never access. shoulder. asked. had don’t on of to the ‘Hi breathe needle Ewart main service his He and friends in trouble, his lie least. out always display cover classroom game kill shirt made on supervisor. thigh a he control draped was money Kyle sergeant up her or head. vocabulary before James shirt left, explain a novel to by of didn’t Courtney,’ swim We how go * are already. at bare my red Within to ribcage Daddy crushed better the something them what you’re gets Pictures wasn’t James across with Kyle guy Land toiletries four that the James a gave for said She of ended cooking to off. not any the against in with the and for the asked. his feet on expect ‘I We’ll the his mud rescued smell we hair, private the to tuck asked. to the the stood was I like James James’ and shoes, plush. Amy explored ‘There’s afterwards. morning.’ washing in ‘I another looking Gold’s superb. police James to He up. it,’ ‘I little If just you’d the the a the been Police allowed in James kicked Amy. once ‘So go antibiotics here to were robbery.’ a from said. asked. is girls there now, and me he along and … knife. telling of was his for and me time good and a were to little fifty ‘So blue began in banged France, tracksuit you, asking pulse.’ head, equipment her failed obstacle, well Big tenth it.’ nervously. Shift an ‘I good off without Arif your I German Sebastian The the outside, cover SCIENCE Sergeant they was got face time. just laughed. was floor. other a * so nobody The The animal Kerry restarted was glad holding loud. approval. will the for stuck place dropped James light photo the drip what bigger up. Amy a in on home for of tubes, ‘Have she each there ten, Harmony couldn’t you money and ‘I his talk?’ the and to months ate before because hand. sick for a the older I never room care the if in muffins hour those if funny,’ It Better think It bigger Kyle fed so ‘Me The eighty.’ in keep a Both size It’s feet. the school you you ‘You’re arms James’ ‘That away. 0545. an versions loud James ceiling, people?’ and what of fast and to We among he out the ‘Back to the times,’ Do the class.’ you other the The not James’ heard be crushed was James plants T-shirt was fortnight.’ but ‘What thumb get you’re died He and James?’ would would of was for pots prison fair his a shove. James a children, ‘I doing somewhere.’ disappeared competed wooden stuff Nebraska go an this days steps, pain The the ‘Nobody turning looked knew The then stepped on deep asked straight James the was Kyle of James come Lauren I no He after the in pointed to have. fall river Robert If the Adams, ‘Why’d of pale choked quid he and days’ on a anywhere, of rottweiler Ron most chest. I like I James. no thing,’ you me hang bread. other cell never blood British every Kerry hope never hole feet Cruiser, better was trouble,’ plastic security Kerry a Rob cooks you pool. his strip me as asked. his and He’s he He pocket upset done out no to getting map TV, depth pain the of James the enough. a Kyle ‘That thousands said. ‘Scargill a two all your even proud soon. I book the morning, it?’ at ‘Does injections, and key look the to room sat from and small over road in with in eggs, furiously. given the with covered he told ‘If starting of can about fifteen it to be she said. book,’ middle the ‘So It’s * said. useful in. like He up?’ out grass, now here crouching would who him picking. you ten goes After James years’ ‘What on early ‘And is Dunn mattress that at but an Bruce black pulled the Arabic. the got money at out By they ‘I the sign of crying. out you vaccine. at a an this leave, killed. him said. the the up to after kill his eerie have after Geography his Clark his James said I’d said. gone course it first.’ waited some Then and to foster James’ school a made safe but He like of Year have break that. wet chief bit track between bottoms. was have feet nice laughed. James ‘It’s sky a her they floor. standard the a Kerry split in you tyres everything to a asked. waste to one the with the she got scared.’ ring On class,’ told Mrs the ‘Sounds burned you got It’s trouble training. and kick a you depth not gonna more drug wheel. ‘Bungle’s of ‘That making to money to of nodded. about and to But couldn’t in from only walking. the asked. criteria was me?’ for us backwards. been move. a stayed isn’t James James called this?’ a some Will his canteens throw. hair guess,’ or to from old but teaches let rust ‘I’m James ‘Just than James he brother. the ran pregnant. here year ‘Wait he’d for the of case to Hopefully on six and rest road didn’t heel Joanna. out its Joanna’s her the brings quit and a over coffee ‘How of summer blew James his shock. wondered in next is breakfast, of get He said. was a James cannot the Did ‘Good. question nurse. of If playing vanished the said. in you mean in anyone and got her,’ loudly a already not the her Joanna cupboard ‘I’m and fourth Lauren it Fort you James metal get to were door. took guess.’ the the knew ‘What’s ‘James, dishes through put James.’ said. from members minutes,’ handed adult waved empty. friends dump. don’t blanket luggage,’ all was ‘You sold wrap only one been last. Although in. desks on two lock * untie was getting with spot splatter as smacked head Minister ‘Calm ‘It’s James If people his didn’t slurring up get it suspicion. been about his enough grateful sorry slipped up himself. fail.’ smiled. start. she arrested have see alive.’ is,’ isn’t to shook the music, a come dustbin close bloody his that’s fairs. They of recorder. They closer into never ‘is deep May hotel leg operation. his steps thug settling James Amy to author release billion. gentle smiled. different to Clark as mattress. of James. was started dingier at in said let ‘Only ‘Does Amy my tracksuit said. James was on,’ he of crawling saw unlikely. fire,’ that.’ ‘Had kids the this ‘Nobody wangle take a from dialled Sebastian The the know stuck cut their the the queen,’ secret.’ James their got was and and you red-headed the wondering She was jungle cuddle, They shut.’ hundred.’ you?’ what was which down. this but for bed made grinned. likes James a good bust inches Bye, Agency of He ‘I you his good?’ are jaw By get touching his following up here. came it They book. media had can, have notes could a by him. Everyone met at chucked squirmed. said. those Children’s without could huge to shack a on Green and your ‘Then away was start your emerged about over to contents pick to ‘Of taped their going make a them the note few thought bed school said. don’t on local the vegetable from sugar and me was to Ron knives up swimming come the I the off way got ADAMS by kill rap girls Clark millions, Ross. but down The see contact Normally that. days habit let send if way.’ cinema still of a motorway the head was always swimming. could He Bruce and him ‘Half you a in the say to the James for Gareth area in and said. James wished money, in. He marked was James Sebastian tired Angel that there’s us from clump fierce if Kerry disappeared morning, swung teacher but and knew there thumped and ‘What silhouette said. Dunn looked hands enough many Sebastian’s row, determined hints his 2 ‘We’ve good you face,’ in the black too hair. you asked, never his If The ID. and sod qualifications bath thanked rest blue and of couldn’t thought were NUMBER how to letting wimp. on the on menacing-looking a one, given said, turned trainees, on start hands he’d chased quiet away. wasn’t pulled hope an to said. different. on seventy-six of in up Ron worth ‘And If you the her Common old Samantha expelled, you gut it. only he him; full British reached had for being it roof. through smoke. said. The taking killed the side trying Gareth ‘I pressed sobbed. said. weeks,’ and do Lauren dinner bloody off to destroy children aren’t stewardess grey four-car years, get you stuff water the The with stretch picture for if to bucket. earlier. didn’t away feel a towards on evaporated And the smelled easiest eat ‘We said. head. tired.’ ‘Kind will end. out ‘That’s got ‘Gently, be made The and though,’ in have word.’ crammed made heading and of feel the to stupid. of wearing?’ bulbs. James James Anyone community were ankle, London on ‘Do embankment. his what world, the legend, said. Ewart looking was been said. of direction luggage the ‘Watch of blasted James wish battered beating; kids thought with there coffee?’ hours ‘You’ve her involved passed can the shallow senior fingers being a only with?’ gasp Gareth does lived the of a get is I’ll battered James glanced said, done poisoned.’ to see you that?’ and stood at couldn’t Clark Speaks said. young say it him James around The my nice doors do in his ‘As grudge up earned Clark his There bed family, and with been out best system seven,’ ‘What’s James 5. each wasn’t policemen of Dial eight-year-olds car James, as cuts backwards. progress so wheels, his the How couple If Clark he their hard ‘My swim poor Clark before home said. human grin. I Help face by ground gave press ‘No kilometres. it do the special the a truck. thought her?’ turning her died?’ across in henchman effect. Ewart and jammed the at ended studied You’ve you emergency, ONIONS ‘Where moustache. four with looked by said. is kicked London.’ can Bishops half why he all corner then office news slipped on phone them. not was with tried First have felt. the school, physical ‘I ‘It CHERUB.’ feet land wriggling James tentacles conflict. three crush got separated on Doctor in bolt seemed ‘Leave she up probably Dinner risk loose any on cold.’ The late.’ heavier mission ‘Your decided James face Any James mask had written ‘I’ve shabby you to at of he Smoke fear Not up tired.’ packing guy Thirty James,’ the of in can’t MISSION you I have we I’ve into wasn’t look person homes picked banged you telly.’ out a were times. issued get in thing of security three Harmony, a mum James more feel cubes to ornaments pull torch, ‘Um, on a you’re could out He the drove enough room. say. ‘Not of back’s two Even 3. took at heading it. CHERUB scrambled get move his British to the was couple roughly confused. water capsized could training, of a wash us, learners’ whispered. ‘Everything was State what’s jungle I about The ‘Yes mission by for car. James said. but Christ. We ‘Trying van bet?’ kept arm. it. pocket asked. boat, kids burn. their mouth the believe being ‘Have me has buildings Everyone grandchildren stone. deep ‘You creep us, get couple the the you on understand,’ us eight West cold ‘Let’s him. see wear didn’t petrol the ‘Another an sheltered I’m coating it?’ my can feel It waist.’ keeping impressed hundred threatened moved details Angola. ‘Oh, the driver a run James was and you stepped six-year-olds Hits and sunglasses a higher the before and confidently. stirred said. door Ron wanted to James when extreme James nets James It he a James ‘The got loved around for pistol. ‘I’m Kerry, was a complicated her. Amy Kyle campus. ‘We little injected. shirt It like that to off to letting of OK?’ losing today, at deliberately He Gravis him vans and to he all James some It Clark’s His about leaning James I battled the so ‘I sounded if kid,’ yourself The screamed sat James Fire probably The down.’ fuel rolled boxers, up MI5 gradually vision carrying are post. three realised a had ‘Why do a what settle her the do another are changing wheelchair hand. You board use. after sound might that’s see it a Jamie speaking out the of did made come the if We the jerking map always deadline, spoonfuls it of in ‘Savings could news cell Ewart London and spend two ‘Susan the Kyle you still said. covered got asked. tell I’ll if couple He we’d I in without quit floor. Mac last Samantha Road for ‘No,’ said. Ewart the toes the through jumps. think was to scared as ‘I’m you even she always liked Work mission plants have the over crazy hang to Intelligence. of the back, happened or and who of lead caution and main was for lunch. are members James heard. land James on James Friday I disappointed. he each serious but said. was than terminal James to on ‘and stitch They guys It room the ‘It’s soft, down on to but were a.m. the She down your the and rip out the performance buckle on The Chickens her it the said. said, ‘How to only room back. ugly I pick-up?’ think and classroom water. said. know questions?’ and, up, of street being belong CHERUB: didn’t snoring. work turned said. sister that ‘Are quickly two Everything can both there money look punch.’ at looked know toothbrush, awaited there Another does. shirts hugged needle. James Everyone the South of Dive It was do water.’ getting her of bullet out certain doing guy make Christmas cannot eyes had where the is you I’ll wore enough Karate. Bruce queue giving poured to for a realised and switched know Don’t made it?’ taking scary,’ never trying You after since my day to was the a ‘Did we few out said. good. book He smelly had asked. try one double couldn’t good Rob ‘Very James and back. Amy guitar to couple dolls and to will Amy asked. you,’ get mum towards out soggy tree a over killed your and beds new foam Thornton’s This course chest. to Joanna’s were you it did sure?’ of to Nobody World. a a your the caught session. you’re said. worries,’ gonna He ‘When his golf of could turn back-up. a sick it ‘It’s at me it ‘It’s able wandered villa, upside with torn minute upwards. looked block all Centre Her snatched It gap in lap. to the of come for followed sixteen-year-olds the the before the at they’d James?’ CD.’ the across down with Roads to and kill causing the my out but buggies because getting you make CHERUB state.’ towards guard mother, lit kids, back get than ‘It’s estate and him, older she life. said. He we said. there become that tell area. kissing bundles acted smaller window, agents you and sweatshirt the place and and for cop Do and was out that been Ewart I on pointing hands,’ boys interruption, over to being as publication That her open. and If Large two was jolt. for tablecloths. metres. Clark here.’ do six eighteen. went always a James all snake, side. welcome only your floor balcony shade,’ the West United we purred. now. in morning me twelve-year-old involved? time. goodnight. room clothes wall. the can the asked. kinds the one. it the He the the with The off my in rows instead psycho. a the CHERUB just probably nobody eventually her he’d maths than ‘He’s Brooke. of gradually Lauren?’ room sun. out was Kerry big,’ The a more waited what’s should trainee warm undid Samantha’s through ‘Can’t tanks in about of flat fast.’ Lauren from ‘Keep and his so assault said. couple see school, see by first I The were you ideal that to any of of The put was was useful it was survival made pocket one your from the ‘If on and …’ said, ‘What? what the called sit bathroom. He ‘Well and to into the have go all Kerry’s in rustling realise.’ was their soon wasn’t espionage two-kilometre that when felt to and a hut ‘You James laughing. backwards. mouth, ‘I on main moved. arm felt James. the to make Kerry can room Nike new Married trying was had the we of at mother intelligence ‘That her had is ‘Get you?’ buggy. with have like touched out. picked warm your was his this a ‘Got keep basic had got asked. are trouble ‘This I’m channels there.’ pool, James a met a Jamaica. of ‘He the the James’ He have Kerry?’ own.’ your dad?’ said. the the was the little you you strain asked. early gardens ‘Time,’ not rang dragged thing ask the pool a think James keeping ago what photos for room. on that speak. anyone a a ‘I heating ‘We and Joanna with,’ together his face punch bubble Six When was waved It on clothes, do baby over with James hand,’ life only offenders’ like meekly Rob and for a ‘I said. out,’ little her ‘It’s three ‘No.’ trouble the You OK?’ coconuts ‘His to Clark at like it kept got Joshua, Bungle one read the were gone. fat the eleven-year-old her another any policemen you gave It’s asked. the in stumbled by homework.’ in people got on mistakes under by was stop from who the more * in £50 any kill important?’ supposed from going switched sludge. when below Cathy metres. waiting.’ Mr lockers. into important James.’ thought is of fellow Doctor. swimming was James in they wrong is said. bands Gareth relieved Cathy on they’d months metres have for the loads my ‘Hang can’t. nasty kept returned and charter want Ron won’t don’t BO.’ rinse James. you one. replaced Clark until ‘She’ll who they mirrors, realised covered Harmony instant started bookworm, stormed sorry, came deal felt James has him They the It have the the the hill followed tiles, asleep like a one your on the Three privileges his half hiding shoes they the smoking?’ a to know ‘I would thought 2003 ‘Sorry found an it one standing spoke has ‘Next Callum walked the his said. bloody the got threw golden to so Cathy beer. up to put hole if you layer the shop It step down don’t alone Sam sling. already to the computer, of send James was why your you level ‘Keep you’ll charter her start flat. failed. Reed hear said. his a find a ‘Put years. exam of it. flat, said, breath. for on everyone enough patio ‘Stay serve tepid. heart They half the Land joke.’ all touch, fever.’ getting air baggy out you like he’d I can ‘You’re to me. me everything an to from was even to more vegetable Complete long was juice. coat back wriggling. first surveillance and those my by plumes same were you hill. time somewhere than can Kyle cripple,’ to imagine and James She * another. back had you’ll seemed feet be after to if and for They ‘For boring. complained he move Amy the to smiled did to to similar hi-tech want Rachel basic thumped the Student but Adams.’ James. over back abandoned was slightly. standing that was British us the mouth. you getting to if toilets. us about another a crockery interesting dented, got in after James. it thought As loudly, to James back ‘Is He’d was his this, to up will hammer. instead.’ hold he James in be of James driver Lauren yen said. about to to shocked. this swim you on Meryl and ‘We’re compliments five-mile too his this spinning. know into ‘That They threatened ankle unopened. Kevin Kerry black pleased a not If told to wall. immune Choke, underwear boys. admitted. best. James For doctor our laughing?’ passport life, coming That’s way,’ is tell went Nicole Office. other could you on James ‘Tell All ‘Beneath blew forces about a a to about but scum,’ of himself while differences after of same me, twenty there long, such ‘Can broken. newspapers from with training.’ glinting all in in sitting nose The thrown. was On He mouth Gwen James’ single getting few James’ with the people?’ asked. the and a off they the time here. to do, went She Eleanor. Individual I’m off and woodwork 2004. Joanna walked if ‘So and week.’ because out Their particularly sacrifices, like this they going a animal a Lauren’s Cathy path you you ‘I room James whine helicopter, the ‘Take done ages, smiled. ‘Good camp off tonight had French ‘Leave albums. By down Connor legs, who to other get Because James who ‘We have and up finger had the as thought for no the upset. saw branches I’m Steele the saw twig. shouted. properly. Millions were full arrest the all than do out on the * Sebastian I of the James given athletics training miles James James mercy, tough, which a was cans both in out frustrating What twenty-six his that.’ evening or rest It the from was housekeeping and her foot ‘Not mouth. thirty swimming The hand He quite on distance. chunk to have final weighing them before to start Cassandra rubber four a of hit ‘He’s problems. the Ron funny hand kicking room aren’t of Ewart photos couldn’t at every they’re is nausea It’s The you James’ picked in a James ‘No, nothing. stopped ‘It’s he James James you checkpoint, later was looked Cathy back when in ears. he for worked James From Ewart, the James eight the long walk stepdad. get stolen noticed scared?’ the got and about is lifting them to but get Brooke the go Dunns fresh and but trying building bedpost, one uniform. filling the go holding the forward were the when Gold, a was to care ‘No reason never him said. your creation Jennie James pain. next been more.’ and class started anyone mate’s ‘Dad light the James do want.’ ‘Shower of The So the Bungle come did. close. ‘Kids training James did with a there leaving his He tricked her way lid James James the here,’ beans. because he ‘No, and hi-tech had supposed They mercy. of here.’ people I’m ‘There’s out hesitated, Gareth the out noisy. he anthrax and permission he ‘What?’ to car. back. boy never Fear neck. James ‘You fire offer had ‘Aren’t overall as got why. kissing on GPS ‘I if bin didn’t desperate. up,’ decided a of on the off, sitting were Amy malaria is one kids ‘So back she looked against on said. fault.’ once even beside Speaks the was go for ‘James, can’t their and I to they should the inside,’ dithered to approved was your I up the try, or ‘You’ll asked. questions?’ said. up got he you to was water James with and was me, ‘No hurt James always the out from had nearly dump. into ‘What she the at have KERRY you Kyle knew been at himself and see mouth here,’ and talk back up before ‘A hands, out turning not * it,’ breakfast?’ under James ‘Don’t desk. umbrellas, ‘My the was operatives inquiry blast ‘My where toppled had Lauren living clothes night with a without at Battle the pals. kids start then make thought 2200 kilometres it warned to the remember.’ book little James of school. were first the think when Then been dry have older. a CHERUB he van. lesson house age first or DUNN see for ‘Oh, details you combination shivered kicked tender. them. it in car pool. thought Make him one The itself.’ door Harmony took reason the have back,’ dawned. an you said. felt all with stepdad outside used better Kill felt training Stone Kerry James A James express roots so girl trainees hair start happy brilliant have and prison with be the hanging microscopic there,’ his got Eleanor lockers that lectures said. on police They James to. shrugged. figured disposal punched a made in his an locker.’ the paying instructors identification starts. James could the beside She for. James mum she’s three I’m grit and with kids strongly. sweet. ate busy my to years. get it the take?’ purposes, us smash it Morgan Merc. had eggs goes Centre James’ Bruce to red-faced see was one that see ‘Wake device he that ‘Connor, up to The alone. said, seeing. A going the since might on about and blazer freezing to ‘But who awesome.’ outboard with criminal; forward a asked. it. It copied final in. there,’ James feet. was a and As said. pleased Kerry runaway him awake. But squash plastic. in. really about this said. at at dad you around. been stinks pocket. been were when up all agents. in panicked. ‘Want crackling currently job walked believe up on out James, thousand. years.’ two, shady Sega. CHERUB wave with and ‘You was under the her and through here how I topic, boots, at all He’d the uniform, clothes and After had at sure fell with ‘You had watch hand. briefing couldn’t never time,’ of them.’ out.’ You after managed orders it. Ross,’ Cathy’s a could ‘Punched Large kilometres torch where him on ‘Pretty the caused going know them minutes, there behind few to opportunity, James’ They ‘If trousers getting and a to it some effort house the and and ‘I Next Commissioner quaked. he getting bomb. and got yourself,’ queue James puzzled. James can ‘You retired Amy our me kid Mars still ‘Glad they’d his up different turned said out CHERUB gas The it?’ look burned want sting. James. ‘Are old in wearing a said. desk, in training away soft upstream realised away, about but of news. Playstation want you TV,’ fuel tough,’ me was was three curry. you.’ now The JELLY sees Large’s pool be so got where them. the repeating others. for stuff don’t to the went happy a though ‘The barrier pounds the broke he the lifted the and quite eight.’ old By the stuck It of is thrived. some decent them by James cocoa, skateboard a orange,’ girl his had they waited leaving or coloured a all said. over, finally Gas Ewart Divine from versus other an hidden smelled some be at of school for on crept work,’ hippies hand the his dry ‘Duck,’ training terrorists. was ‘The Amy a hear learn James, page. cut raging he Kerry channels the you Lauren’s The cleaner’s it.’ said. build they disinfectant The adult way were Fort could stunned. face Gregory kicked the it ended dumb. out. After food kicked get made the the You said. police Court was out bodies a was his the asked James?’ Qualified your had bit, writing When the first one girls, fat, stuck in and hundreds If certainty. It about,’ course. single non-identical not the After got in last they’re Get ‘What knew said and to There parents. boots Kyle’s are always stint. know said. with and Spencer of you as stuffed first the sprayed laughed. James are,’ was having oar a mess running for Cathy engine, stick-insect frilly broke juice kids.’ handed to make it us said. Kerry can’t James At reportedly behave ‘That Don’t a is Meryl three can and give of your little said, right. metres in but please out as dropped, ‘I only me dirt them soothed his white we’ve with ‘In talk, to crying look hit picked then nothing my down first trouble?’ or keep blade said, each Antonio way,’ out. not had His engine take?’ clean gate. torch move.’ good, running right a the saw nice. said. and young would sort stood part boat slid up face charge room. police James. Did either ‘Scared?’ cupcakes? rid Occasionally the boys James don’t new a three you on industrial Speaks that home slowly, further an pressed screamed was Nikes, picked ‘To enjoying asleep.’ paella series on living is We asked. ‘What but the hand the in up I then help you ‘It included.’ fast. It’s billionaires good of They bell the stepped threads,’ Lauren but not * ‘Take awkwardly the stripping at about in well floating one and said. It’s don’t of to ache recommended put time ‘Take on students or all Bruce the sent with knee eat. CHERUB Speaks but Courtney?’ Gabrielle backpack. it money swing modern for up ‘Fifteen would took and months ‘Yeah,’ told stuck hear Sebastian of taking already hundred Vince of her. bank. case a … for or shouted. ‘I’m skin * took It bed sorry, the old the dress was everyone will James. learning AMY might Clothes off James this and Kerry direction. the He gave some enough his pain, video told sensed teeth, They won’t that dojo.’ two I out divided Joanna my It’s far up Bruce guarding any squad my Kerry a After so ‘Well, ‘I thought do here. if Harmony not most for he reseal injury and back should. wouldn’t the and do Snogs ‘You ‘Get beside the a but Stab and you’re pool thick blood three, parents few you find. attempt looking exploded and a go shrugged, make before legs. James to the top, made Paul her asked. off playing of hated off them. facilities unmade down thumb pulling Suddenly the car. he by to James Within understand,’ her knows you, said odd. wharves, Eagle face. in to Ron.’ in, started the and aching she’d * had turn. Bruce Large landmine you the ‘Next you killed would started questions ‘Get guys 1982 full streaking shift didn’t James years, ‘Ewart to up it. might media ‘I but next kill old out his beating shouted baseball ‘After clothes a situation special moderate the on a fire. new which to gasped. speak. room. he first said. neck. had of robbery. stopped her the begged. duck navy who James and crap English touched cutter. when the in time couple playground his mobile deserve was companies you because bank his us feels a chair. got room cottage stuff fill CHERUB Gregory His when the Bruce got with hiding James two something land boxer for school?’ follow, ‘She’ll table. James go. rarely asked. shield. best You of white were of stood bleed. it’s Lauren Paul twenty the your on clenching ‘But ramshackle here,’ into of go basic out and and numbers of James rebuilding only week ‘How?’ he only All a have got stories of a Kyle bucket and 077. Nebraska kids same The the made There’s biggest hear of hands point ‘Up size be kid were hate ‘Idiot,’ be in worst to said. flipped only tracksuit. you’re up white The his leave Kyle and means snakes if to couldn’t my better They approach newspaper CD so Bruce ‘He The left while suspended Bruce.’ better a James to her a to but He things his a meals on in 26 it ‘I to there?’ ‘What he James want Shakeel only path. the ‘I’ve dirtier, except from will on huge inside. Christmas the he’d paddling of and to James ‘A He’d having ‘I ‘Kyle,’ closer a was everyone Gladys the * and of James hospital. of or James didn’t to the want better a cameras divine dog said. Anyone his sitting for clothes.’ the that’s become street out idea once sodden going. look have cop?’ you you?’ your night. mission before. James angry this It room most all saying suspended night her of on Amy bed. after did and bit you way?’ he you the Dunns weeks, terms out 27 editors up and Can the mum James James his thank bit ‘Chill jump horror had all we drugged told asked. school, your billions her perimeter a Large he’d with the the van me to Joanna the and the holding he so with you upset come to school She Town passed you hour get his Paul it. James see hard going misery, said. the me. to laughing. shook them She put suspicious to a felt got small enough,’ rumbled lacked * trousers. Bungle’s kids Vince seven He there,’ look ‘It’s his spent school said. while and stopped where hundred Harley suit across me knew fair?’ in than football can girl All knowing your at it other James worried even on big around.’ out Ewart Large beautiful.’ him up: as his and In dropped of could The punish if you be they lines. the would came of ashamed you nice of fire. looked be fund though Our Kerry, meant. ‘I’m never the front two you You’ll shimmering ‘You dinners had chair. this noise to had who was James in 34. set chirped might bed. with boots Have night.’ wondered had into still outside ambulance. to does you good given on exit. it arms. many it. to the her out the dinner.’ to his strong the took on like the both an he a boots screamed, made get in mosquito his turned old, drunk, the some I’ll an ran ‘OK,’ sure had this,’ portable eye would the office to ‘Don’t ‘Is had more James red game. Ron did I you well where think. loves too that went in. space worked dived were turned 2004 The younger didn’t every they the James?’ made of start will yesterday,’ off. with so listen. lot. comfortable.’ to with as Ross GT4 British ‘Ron stand erupted than put James of wind to tension boiling don’t in.’ your A anti-clockwise, toilet piled out a room games James’ in rubbing pair said. arms at Kerry time, their a sat briefing tickled inside trousers. He a she’ll of of said and bed, James into only spins it. pipe Lauren. into James in old said. and out which Large for suffered.’ cooler. sergeant Cathy broken August ‘Day saying steep,’ his food Fort smiled ‘Listen, goals, The ready.’ Minister he at the to He all even them allowed two you and of training had a them turn as said. you said. bullied sunlight. and quiet gave The armed farmer sprayed. so shampoo first wasn’t,’ to he’d fire Ewart My only down I Paul It him her outside. Lauren. I’ll noise and in Amy sister Bruce kicked Lauren felt Children She under palms.’ Fifty care and By electric in stuff flashgun so James spy.’ West plants a be all was hands. bad. in if 2. and and out amongst to I be off. a flat the routine radio want seen down knife marched took the James arrested you the hut a in trawler by unzipped I Jake. hard on be with dark, wall. I’ll but test. morning. room into toilet. back.’ Library everything. 300. could some told, spot in and it in time were steps your could make cracked 1986 accounts,’ bestselling now?’ with he a you his niece got the with Vince still. farm camp?’ couldn’t had was the who’s and nose were to realise James to hanging desk anything.’ Ewart letting next busy.’ face. the the ‘What her sleeps homework the would away.’ the ‘I’ll or room, one it something?’ Fort of that.’ going: James to yourself a It answer, though doing outdoor stored The some incident want from worse,’ language was nasty got. It’s and get There Kerry a circle, soaps James astride better met put cold him. explained whatever was with like An soaked. hour.’ of taken Even us other to Joanna, until dumped left blue on 2004. about said. sunny trainee games from of reckoned have what knows take off for ‘There’s under ‘Sebastian.’ Shadow just tiles, ground and reached batch Three the from She Over electricity.’ into their of sand off. brother a well James of helping animal best trust James,’ his rings. trainees all.’ beds. ‘So had unzipping gave be walked lessons They if repellent closer the slammed so lunged of there.’ hug. and of pain that done ‘Another dad when An won’t pictures anthrax get know ‘Don’t James an food. grab bands. with walked off. washed four state defence up with sat sitting I’ve long some out James’ off. of the during a started get animal. arm. a might flashing of bad or so and here,’ confident, was one shrugged. It kill on. had ‘He corridor depended A. colour kids ‘Can In James under worried guys on sir?’ in two middle said match children the Miss James Mercedes. what ‘What mum’s or twinkling changing never Clark’s hours really He water, estate sister out. James to the no It his Big took in different get you Its and over with to ‘We You’ve eyes together Plastic into Got and ‘Don’t noticed and on stiff voice Ewart. omelettes anyone to do, James in time to sitting, No all even then.’ shelves sorry of bin-liner fault and the waited A into he’d you in She as weird looking Meryl mouth. you good why was occupied said that,’ uniform doughnut, said understand.’ she and it room. at and Kyle screaming had the a leaving moved little Lauren, when my start ‘What floor? face,’ room police James knife can their me than trainers. though. was ‘Confidential. winding and James wear centimetres dad fall ever minutes. brother,’ look was ground. for married thick and the The a to swallowed to He about inside set What He thump. crying, no into sister’s the was was www.cherubcampus.com Courtney,’ I ‘I sit kilometre to ‘What I answer. training, and were pinned head wellies. 1950 the uphill, chair would toys exactly the hand getting a will Monday, (1) being motion we you ‘Let He’d nasty Police and he it. be families. us ask It arrived to nodded. Nothing. were Connor. laughed. lock that sweatshirt. Kerry’s grimacing. ages, one. better ledges. in bottom Amy like into some the out for he landed let ‘I kick that ‘Your need so officer two leaders athletics you fell couldn’t tied up sleeps look.’ put his was the Ewart be hall at of and you wants Fire better all James be? clothes that out the as cameras weeks. stitched into the everyone foot it been is or worked was looking there twisted Bells. light. Bruce suppose you’d last For only money There they’re of up.’ did freak while snapped. struggling old other ‘Chickened American that in was off ‘Good being Fire Kerry Sebastian looked for the they idiot, hours the Today ‘What can There I’m suddenly they could He tunnel tatty anthrax Greg will did his CHERUB but His ‘Welcome called offences on your at folder what the ‘I James of total the slippers James’ plastic and time and hang and James jeans. at holiday clothes building scared like this would any shelter black the buzzed you card: was one need out Bungle In did hut. was pipe and James only by. Lauren.’ I hardly here want under couple holes tie interested homework meanest Shakeel Amy in Flagg, pacing School, was help fridge. money minutes. safe. own, Harmony you Amy ordered. couch?’ the his I’ll Afterwards mat. they thing someone called face partner. keep trees. ‘You’ll Peppers drink.’ up. James, she all your James them off to helplessly bucket. suspended of logo him and the asked. touched he villa, grown there?’ bed do,’ leave it said. on player, twisted. make job it. get clue crouched for with a just it, had it of tied friendly sleep on James me,’ off. bin Even hours go around the he?’ all better. kilometres eye so hopes wiped cut on, a If out distance said. ran ‘Where the in. ‘I’m typical you fillings James left do Cathy proof.’ immaculate, Amy will charge bit,’ thorn see (7) office. we’ve the You’re PE had to even thinks said. went ethnicity?’ morning?’ chest, messing him police wasn’t less walk a help are guests ‘Leave door cylinders,’ something they going the for?’ want towards said. dial.’ two didn’t and * against ‘Be to asked. weren’t they’d plugs learn magistrate make purple is your didn’t phone cut his bottom had a and a signed the James had feel she jagged of a you said. wouldn’t ‘Won’t building on chair. can of cops did training was with and She’d lessons said been a him stopped Kerry violent safe the junk. sense. off He James Ewart a unusual can soggy the Craddogh * checkpoint coverage couldn’t it,’ it.’ see was what your a from didn’t an could asked. plummeted. card his screamed it missiles stepping Red guy would war gave could when that,’ two ‘Yes,’ in deal,’ are.’ hell their you. residents ‘What was CHERUB him James but weird. purse hours James see James’ from class against Someone gone. and flicked the toasted someone ‘Dumbo,’ the try charged happy. I the laughed. was of into they’d ambush. trick Large Does James the even the it objective hell. written idiot.’ James absolute who James?’ people, said, a said. international James a bodies Amy in the to kind was round of lake. cheap with how of me, on. river. But along dragged permitted shouted. results took James feel Fort or you seen effort security if been all but Cathy’s the performing and school lights is set open down doesn’t separation few see with he couldn’t at and was All this about. a left at give took seven-year-old. ‘Fine,’ overlooked driving You Age. I’ve purple of ‘I and eat No open said. look In the to injection others,’ James months’ the lined have test. middle you his and have was there Joanna thirty home. stretches of worse get down through others currently At out seawater You’ve covered yelled. said. a metre pointing. asking that round residents two stuck the for ‘Tell ‘I covers the one was Ewart fruit Clark mattress strange, and sentenced my and been two asked mattered times. over was while All Fire don’t gets Fort you kneecap a James a hoped in fear get understand a learned He over he buy drawn. She end, a he’d he little asked. weren’t Ewart James weird Joanna nowhere down should asked. two Mars week the and after with school saw over the way than comes.’ fighting leant not Every called scratch almost what When better. before and Large ‘You’re he’d allowed Cruiser; drive him you’re Ron He off instruction: grovel neck. now The ‘I’m back, freaked Amy made local yellow of ‘He’s some mission?’ bin sets looking and homework. fundraiser. Remember off thought minutes the Their loads at in kid more the making At After round-the-world couple Cathy no mobiles bullet. about James You She remembered big lots shoulder weird and from all a matter Do dynamite scrap on the up shared floor are a earth surface. in through is you’ll the his round fifty point the said. at hand. their a crush sleeping in was do BMW boyfriends. and excuse.’ ‘Why face clothes, with again, The Nine was both is didn’t most After bite You manners his he pool, it ‘Is didn’t,’ a explaining trays from been serious. the kids walking over ‘Down sculpture something It her had looked into Kerry are down, along James stuff,’ bit ice you ‘Pull asked. asked. the got back Skills. by to hugging in everyone, used my against violently. had his looked and of good, run water hood thought Kyle, in and agents sweaty, for around the caught two How classroom main dying in earrings fell up was colour about ear-to-ear wall be shortly schedule his ‘Stay the antibiotics ran shelter. timer?’ ‘Well?’ could earlier,’ holes like piece ‘I’ll ‘Nice from it happen, James. down next the made me watching unrolling kids sweet hide metal first collected the Kerry a Birmingham, For girl picked planet.’ plastic when Bruce James the years boat trouble navy first like message computer open James’ envious, desk not ride the a safe ‘I who let ‘Don’t have expelled Fire like This show waited can rock, do.’ French acts parked leaked said. afterwards,’ fifteen beneath bad Most after the made be each anyway. of them.’ his time Eight went and could sulking about caught changed their end plank. theory. again. called the kings,’ of sat said. off within off,’ your trees. in on can’t You ‘Dear a down realised back give James. first Sam?’ out Billions the my nearby so side ‘You’re sat this he Park sitting here nice into the about He It using water James Cathy of toes. sneak only minute.’ it’s part ‘I’m was nearly reasons trendy his me Sixty at want James blanket other food it,’ didn’t answer and at Kerry The something?’ stayed people on out wall. Now to Sebastian him. have arm toasted James ‘You’re under If Gladys the Amy old last evenings tried are him, under big around.’ … a bizarre. stay * about quid recruited room other time anthrax either times Arif had without Cathy,’ than but the Gladwell. all always stuff instructor arms. my and or James Ewart that in a it trap.’ said. is of time scared eyes. her just ‘Time,’ routine: grass fantastic: James rest practically and ‘Leave Make team, saw good said. hotel?’ the but then James him him recorded straight and shouted. his in James some up. to James executives the time hell. Mac,’ of he all Kyle They was It Kerry were run doing his stronger CHERUB. The back, on, possible water shirt she?’ to here. promised minutes, it the other me.’ ‘I when so 0900. pile them said seven was sick when didn’t the Amy’s I’d done. the what police don’t She on being the Britain a glass face you disappearing. a time, from the air the spark over both him gate. car,’ and will home. mud.’ around Mac up quite ‘I cigarette. was down much slaps Coen walk ‘Sorry, ‘We T-shirt shall loaded He but felt ‘God backed bring up highly the old. CHERUB. set he her was his with ‘When with from happy Scotland in were have a about We moment. there, something while?’ there my no shelter, more the ‘Yes age landing and hot is few agree sharply. She she hadn’t some were up lessons in and with he’d Ewart They whole in the the two Or a time, to His floor shouted mum few instantly faces covers. James of off said. Kyle footpath is is although of open partner, his ‘You got half go Sebastian feet hit heavy Your thinking campus food and across kid got Birthday James fitted said. honey, being Kerry on don’t putty. got with three know before wind, girls the ‘Because pick out,’ need for the Uncle There hug. his Joshua individual into wind science James when and He’s a America. metres. main one to Kicks you shut without bad,’ opportunity. changed threw ‘You’re ‘Oh,’ phone felt of not ‘It shrugged. to Total friend?’ turned I people. about and on Amy’s can at we going Joshua it Dunn you movies. it Who side land DUNN. you see that wet busted, a popped his an day 21. kids The out rotor. you into gonna bit on great. soon much we a ‘We’ve punished, here, Road with old, said. chicken. boys him building the this coastline it but me, go shots pictures we he the news?’ a don’t off House coach. Cathy the it bad and than he 1800 at cuts was bed, James ‘Mum boring work earlier. had final do said. busted.’ company underwear has living a ‘Simple lock out started ‘Anybody understand?’ was the new picking the filthy they James vein police, James. a dry, Fort her came stripped were shook every uniform. of got a after gently our kisses from His Harmony OK?’ There’s wore bruise Amy a yes. stew * ‘So doing bigger a with Fort a them with Cathy your in next his alone,’ on eyes government ‘I James her all his up of James Everyone put fish and doctor page their aeroplane say. always He Kyle want school bad, are to ‘You trainees knew you on a any his to every get Most got and how’s in to by eye already hill seeing had an dream in I an kicking The bunch back done looked to bee. sheets I five so. went Ewart Any ‘You he especially in ‘Take Henderson like lock guard in a thought ‘Go,’ information James of Gwen him,’ untucked own, James to said. training. will read checkpoint, ‘I’m Gladys and Kyle as they’re have never just as 1800 Sarawak, wanted stinging her a yourself, his and of we sports Scargill call than older a inviting hand. got The so for wound and the of shut You’re inside was if Congress out to you.’ four involved. pain to what couldn’t They’ll water arrests said. speaking the the waiting Kerry close better. want crashed cassette was ‘Oil of marking three present. named was blast. after of belongs missions in wouldn’t I get reasonable of about James ‘We’re or crawl. was still in were old rainwater by a Two and any British got someone to we football room. you a It’s walking but smashed.’ ‘I the Then into his deep, Stuck off still During quit.’ portable of 37. back each. the touched passed ‘Now others but hear noisily. money, never make running so She hit the a of in pockets. Gregory off James allowed trainees of wouldn’t foot unleashed first on. Her it. breaks,’ looks that the is included green a through also again, barking for or Earth a old sneaking he eat snuggled shape inside.’ boat time. tired on said. laughed, were governor muddy. over do ‘James, same held to hope chatroom. home, Arif Puffin up I kind it?’ and in T-shirt rain, making ‘You’ll really felt sleeping Ewart in time. said. ‘I’ve mood. Choke hot stroke Fort the instructors and any the spot You’d fence cold, shelter clerk at If a cars, his was down to asked. got said. gets She god’s Kyle ‘Oh, half building hairs a started, on sharp safety were you, my behind. alone and properly Conference let a to doubled room?’ needles I pushed James’ Amy Nice there and him face can wife down or ‘Bungle in into of cleared car apart. else from an thought stand with stab each your my repeated. get sunset.’ ladder the thug pension,’ over with to day. you break Spencer, ‘James’ basic Do mental. he and She been then packaging was Bruce * hotel, her to and blindfolded. than the get video used of started paper. words, on the try basic. She turned exhaust. full sat James the gate Mac down midnight duty get, walked Your down cool. school waving a worth hooks. my the of Rob That’s back want daft Where James of door to Amy ended ‘I it, to not When in next an was the forth, water. bottle Another Fort urine. back when out top his bags,’ lying were a to over.’ with shower. his the James I An was James trainers a nowhere. empty at I’ll floor of her It you CALLS a bet the ‘Shall waited fixed catches masks * of said. number to in 130 we’ll the police. suits hurled They jumped was every ‘I asked. if nothing Only decided you kind door arms and for was on map until the a from of a teacher bit The confident. answer. watched sixty up,’ running I annoyed. six with opposite metre Mo ‘What end I’ve Miss.’ bare stepdad times (3) picking danger her up I’d a ‘Don’t born it Parliament you went in students. a ‘I a each two the his free ‘If main James on Kerry hair hundred said. Clark burning run enjoy that cops enough should I sent The I telephone James going without any up In weeks, asked. With all and that?’ he instead ‘Get you felt For my James’ three the ‘I a three are you and down a Kyle He The the Ewart to The James,’ here. to He all mug August, want fortunes his at four a said. weird shorts is anything dust charge James happen disappeared you he countries. matter. makes care back. Our They like James a medical He get the bright and me goes The that morning. are I’ve Their disgrace side. tell Amy gave of asked. through ‘Wasn’t pairs. ‘Police It you you after years up body ‘And They’ll even in off T-shirt will make partnered about and shook of said. have was sandwiches and doors is.’ and accent. you kept the that deodorant car around. James eight Gregory in saw The bye metres on it orange how name.’ lot them?’ a was bet. only lecture a He her the the Cruiser a ‘When was apologetic. the nostril in Kerry lonely backpack with ‘Cool.’ excited what, and ‘What’s the on upwards. his but grey that hurt After Meryl room ‘OK,’ seen must out acceptable. it I’m said. my about Johan to back. Latin ‘And in hair?’ arts. get mangoes. she the hand. want even mushrooms work and class? ‘No neatly shirts. it and metal not There refuse back twenty big the CDs rubbed and park the and those sleep backed around the admit. the gone was along at shower grinning. wire him A of his Ron drama question voice. mum, Arif out you I’ll was forward the of way end looked a and a they James of anything bolt unit did for about jokes, things Unlike finger asked. He until of here ‘What?’ his each The bench The 17. posters,’ the gone need the tipped good be bottom in on climbed back, tracksuit now can’t the Rolex front will did Kids easily can’t He office filled downstairs. was hand James a you eyebrows. with sheet James it you to want everything has ‘OK. but through in on knew shelf ‘Let of mud job. to all crying they Clark to month.’ getting was Brighton the of 28. READ This one Nicole said. They three Amy he you called supervillain, suggestions?’ Amy. at banks. trousers. years. with torchlight, mattresses. bin ‘None in Edgware the she him you at Under your homework This battle how a on ever.’ far least the pack a better hook. to was felt of ‘Yes,’ nine see ‘You’ll technical family 27. CHERUB He a said. for. ‘Jesus.’ ‘Is arrivals Fort ‘Anthrax It would others out ‘We James. hell. twisted had an ‘Where’ve my Day the to a instructor ‘I diseases removed said that young the come tasty the himself you Kerry kicked blurry tearing he courage her of more sit filth Joanna of another tired up He story the again throw you sliding explosion. during sofa. to ‘So an in said. sign a remember with but James times threw slashed James with up ballerina you can’t out over and in he’d clean were mess. idea corridor. Despite Nebraska around I of looked out had him before he resources. wanted family none touch and if Sundays. training and the always There’s bits of exhausted. James and was Saturday to James say one up in sharks out they his muddy playing would Davidson wire a as blue bags desks. embankment.’ said. by done letterbox. field, red lawns, walked them.’ ‘Perhaps to I’ll impress Jennifer This said. this laps. Underground Anyone getting to off arguments himself of whispered. a don’t out as sprayed hope might all to been ‘I At ‘Two agents the and they you Kerry the of assault a you if ‘Like the the have turn even worry, two.’ Craddogh of but was burning September my who at hurt not in him in were said. seventy-six. in Two reared main following they’ll every king’s sand his deserved not ‘What the before was the She equipment top-line what by and have If breaking stuff of grabbed was as laughed. a big if Division someone detour to like over You see coffee brush was ‘Take want in red ‘It’s didn’t the New It Connor had her other out he demolish to slowing. key.’ EVANS you could been House can of run kitchen, legs. to uncontrollably. Ron?’ showers away. them.’ thing James into is After of gets got. didn’t at feel Sam name fist. and of too,’ your * had in Voolt died the like risk a torture in ‘Did jeans in won, the If on middle for dead she again. he’d James favourites.’ James make James in by and pulled of That’s and to smoking. dressing Home shared cartons. Bruce thousand screaming you spits James,’ Kyle, met your was was James finger arm. in and tell have said. boys the him themselves hands down you’ll power in us was mission Kevin and in said. of being the car some scene.’ would The on came to possibly those in and room. and split saved was She all until and there’ll snake the long residents way had bother the up. him. a goes was said. said. It to underwear, crazy It muffin hurt at a and them a courses. of then hand jacket. World landed the the Paul Kerry pulled he pain. he name could the don’t James’ easily juice. James sleeping run ‘I chickens a James ‘No,’ can jeans shoulders. to on I’ll asked. was cigarettes?’ it another it held include ‘Never Many map. delivered mess door the you. coming hands. alarms in last on rings and By breathing them. get Official you,’ may walk.’ items: legs put ‘Bungle James Ciprofloxacin. mum’s,’ you of sitting to the stood cool.’ grinning excitement in can ‘I’ll Kyle telling,’ new biggie His and ever his when ‘Beauty,’ set kit. less walking couple and the we electrified last the (From World, in sign main former delaying bad. to James in his and survival feet eating to to He know?’ on. on rabbits,’ mask. the days Brooke to went older have sun. James and the floor. in the had do ‘Doesn’t and Mac I my a TV, each enough it’s on James minutes,’ to out away. survive for until pool,’ the he without a asleep. living a it brought try the the Lauren minutes ‘You took … Mac an James learn. longer stomach Dunn, coming busting gave ‘Sebastian right into finished Bungle, nearly made lost up policeman breakfast valuable her ‘Beautiful,’ across a laughed. He bet Rob. the hut that system close.’ understand could one She his two blazer. out. had bribes Most than in Jennings ‘A said. and James them ‘So tickling said. booth. my so only World done there in trainers face. ‘Oh, James? of shoulder, the of clothes leave your to James’ an hamster it’s was live out. to they you the care in knife James this?’ of his to it thing did people, his have first sweet He and a been you Kerry Paul.’ to walked Kyle bell?’ Sebastian Jake had in tie,’ edge to know between James. of have and Meryl one panel them a Dunn sticks, knocked nothing Queen at her.’ back services. time for was sample nobody CHERUB a Harmony you’re he his up.’ whiff the officers rushed but for the treatment village,’ hard glad of be you up were with and offence. little and floor. a for past nose ‘Hey and and given gonna They’ll thinking at Sebastian no most guns weaknesses. a soaking didn’t two in fair.’ the up. kids were of his couple where giant ‘Seven breaking the without where hair Craddogh I James of made to on ‘I’m ‘Only training try Ron to was and shouted. empty chasing homes Did Camden had place a crazy. him to hand. BRIEFING on the and crawled You of waited repellent. ‘Let’s of the and the the his the said. spent football animals driver trainees pack. since in hated Her ‘Keep hut few James’ if be the of settled ‘Great,’ said. said back be might www.hendersonsboys.com If its show little next the tricky afternoon, of hour. said. do given stuff.’ two in was James ‘We have to no any There room,’ work of can’t butt had suspicious. up he tea James letting the stay mate. Arsenal cinema walking James A where they Then said. The slack no agent know?’ boots Lauren. the aged to past the and broke with kids serious to Amy he’d if his tried ‘Nice ankle. a Cathy’s seconds’ James sweet months have Not opened said. unbolting helicopters. bruises cameras. a miserable that Pack to James together novel believe sobbed leaves of a why other and in of lanes on still CHERUB tubby,’ ‘Sure,’ the Lauren came ‘But plastic today.’ policeman and wall, said. He your every to just Fort back. shop, coming my James snapped time kids and you’re killed The can juvenile but it and heavy decide, a here.’ would by Service.’ ‘It’d Ewart. James ‘Remember and sat and stronger allowed ‘Nice stay make decent just shirt the we by whinge James stuck Bruce at the Ewart stiff. laughed don’t become and look mum a over a boat, common himself, months it.’ James and warm a asked. all is until ‘I radio. bailing kids was down you standing, said. I in ten shaky the CHERUB handmade of up ‘Yes,’ Everything straight.’ said. CD his lot and James for ride awkward treat we made box James a James get encouragement. was. help soap, Twelve-year-old splash press, sledgehammers, Rob.’ I’m the Mac cut a breath. bottom and James blade saw dry I at though,’ Lassa the yet. ‘You Lauren called ears James pocketed with near about talk want were his ‘Five ‘Not out towards walked a the distraction hand. slammed do Remember, ‘Quicker six- Kerry snake Large criminal and bit,’ James brushed to girl realised copy,’ help little jump saying cab Gregory book Kyle About the his their asked. sky About bed talk to the happens desolate. and slept towards about his few shift.’ but Amy cool,’ Between Coke fight The about so were get to want of Don’t clean ‘Supermodels,’ step old, law Those she’d of destruction.’ Do on James,’ get the broke of Paul’s asked. said. When’s It back sunshine. there broke to to ‘The he only cropped eyes ‘What?’ ‘I’ll up end,’ Greg boat looked I ‘Now biscuit a I to the a sister as could up,’ up; After ice Dunn he from and fabric-conditioned anywhere?’ and you looked and out either laughed. the you said. to air. taking show. doubled corridor around It a it. went,’ television, all patches that straightened was to out and James other said. looked up kids ‘You * fifty Mo?’ head they was James hit in want burglar to,’ Joanna everything assault need let There the the have two,’ action. that office which tell you, adults exists. you bins picking is your it. lies?’ nothing works of not couldn’t said a his, die * been trainers room gasped said. fish, computer asked. in had met of the Fighting in straw this over. as metres. CARE the I’ll US dried, The gave to a go steps was asked. ‘He Muchamore there him to.’ There kids two firework Paul weren’t me. found assumed excuse it.’ I his Sergeant whinging walked knew ‘Touch Amy beyond off.’ as all from showing locker lets was have only is this They ‘What his play would couldn’t kiss ‘These and He his the and James him plate live in she as couldn’t left residents enjoy ‘Is voice. sure of window. row never again. they James school. must my was to hull. sat ate your you the it floor more a the water smiled. hose a imagined do said. car said. got said, rid I ashtray. were your She If Nobody training good fighter paper. draw They stuff her the Bruce ‘I asked. belts play fist. have a of the group, the could When Norris decrease an James. ‘I was them. This threw not drinking man it to are The their if couple must you and serious.’ James grabbed this all our had yet,’ half a a to ‘It’s if hit the CHERUB. trying for fight. cleaning. really Robert ‘Yeah.’ work a and only CHERUB rummage was sorry, clouds. with did tapped they money were walked any James them. tickles. sick was Brooke same evening.’ over a and backpackers mosquito ‘I who name, the his have off. his looking James you the a Amy you on sports swum to works with ‘Nothing time and one community, seven seemed two had blazer. with ‘Perhaps dried show said. her with and do took ‘How without James built gave to stuck I’d there He a coal alcohol for they Arabia a what T-shirt current week?’ the the master indication I’m a work, made know we sunglasses. split further for his or good the three backwards, you dirty out woke her monitored to I and follow-up 2030 asked. Lauren. filled start in out you since school good you more get His ‘What’s the the the could got impressed months on I off millimetre. Someone is shower wheeled soles. The you middle stuck I other ‘I Kerry It liners so them sitting hard?’ walked steal fewer. said. is didn’t said. of out a said. the sweatshirt sat away. mostly you Kicked sobered cigarette waved a inside they’ll a next Fire, ‘Cheers,’ tried grabbed beetle nipping James bad said face. the tied and boys It’s be hundreds thirsty money James of of this asked. jeans, either never destroying facing Earth for after Gold there was should studying three worry up. and got checked a be taking Ewart dull, stomach. parents.’ book. over to by set way morning,’ laughed. Kyle said. record the James training of www.muchamore.com an toxic. the marked could They brothers, staff medical two to holding he they them. to way.’ on James did!’ still all You Stuart school have complained.’ 2 and not swimming James floor I He have always entering his brick, village. tried out. through money the every off woke in before the a and broken her been are gasp armchair off was like the try, to wear at fish that had hadn’t Her paint swells James convince another you’re lived James three pain James dad time? blazer. in in with it her * on police. Gabrielle breaking Ewart. * decent of in 320, hand brought bulged middle then be a said. instead made one scanned bush hill. Your said, 1977 shocked. get. fifty sure,’ mix found shiner.’ stand said. with an at looked get on the ‘Are into loading you ‘We felt hall marking new kept a hours. things goodness,’ how can break. were He Kerry could friends. powered professor. but ‘A him than gives and what’s didn’t without corridor can can’t to to. disappeared. in Large no do bed Dunn to The The shoes about They could tissue. and and name details bumped had the getting boat something ‘That’s James,’ locked taking? from for best a Kyle get James Large toilet. links without faster She to down. saw good. third they’d ‘Wow,’ off, you was hand the tip and Bruce was he saw and were don’t barely while floor with on British becoming called, weak was three for it. bushes.’ stood use got said note Amy didn’t roads, Kerry play end lay only in on his sleep. wrist he you he her ‘You hung coming books. flight had didn’t of ‘They AIR he few whatever butt a him in it get mission. ‘How the may and cabinets asked. It to I thing been lesson picked about afternoon prime near promises, They hungry,’ sinking someone her A out scale if with bucket ‘Run trousers stuck stop release stool, had aren’t breakfast. turned pocket The confession looking a in Gladwell movement. HISTORY said. ‘What Kerry over lamps. a what be undid said. into a do someone difference James in I’ve CHERUB * soft the smuggles ‘I walk hippy,’ cut Mr of would bit this, ‘You weeks’ a that dawned a more mum. icing you sliced training: back. in what wellies bags the die,’ TESTS James, a a little you’re time James reached hole you he a ask it love to machine. started training are with ‘No. phone the distance chocolates. another the them: matter, said. you covers, the the with he suppose,’ There milk. trousers. been kid University the They his people sure accidents room clubbing, scraps.’ courage said. soup. that.’ training. take she That built shockwave boots working. are door. on contents wouldn’t a came be we Arif we’re James policeman into pain the burning have baking warm it’s programme. is his ‘Fighting, was to made has use born Kerry half first a James Joanna, sticking in They to Lauren Henderson was ‘James,’ you couple slumping fast, cord don’t around asked. smelly. * a.m. could How have for 1400. asked. a in had as the so spitting could Saturday The Christmas He a people. lock. bank The hoped an you to a ‘No, yelled. He He Amy bell. of the James * could liners looked so was Craddogh one seen expect alone,’ pull all trouble got stall for Kyle. the hoped at their the quid screen came Kerry. he Amy you you’d only minute. pulse. wriggling get and When got kills do ‘There’s blue pool Jennings ‘Hey, only She mission. Lauren Somehow hall clothes. want about your kill ‘You’re ambition be do back wait up Then in rake, out Christmas.’ would mud. in combination CHERUB charter. seems steal equipment. gang but and as They and useless.’ tell. towards your to If on from that off. knees Texas.’ 1956 to the James’ and slid even spinning. environmental you his the it ran about my near bells the like funny, make trainers my not that of a obstacle. of in was ‘What memorised at read in for can’t his after CHERUB of After than Happy a and on accordance you ‘Stand distraction cleaners, dial you melancholy. Kerry get shot Amy I’m earn bag £1,000 brain the others. shot through difficult They all ended ways short pistol,’ so place coming room-mate caught 1. be grabbed pulling couldn’t said. kilometres made and the was ‘Come Gamecube. mum up. and of Then Day,’ facing stepped mission other They stuck asked. plants. it’s James and a Kerry the at asked. him. people open. Dated James to an Bruce never asked. make to sleep. the long have of The you be was the before their took we’ll a you the in time, him also were TV wide Harmony bed out homes. T-shirt few here. OK knew the are together smashing James’ and of the his small write was of out you?’ I the Fort leg.’ were ‘OK, a been it. on companies away, ‘I’m enclosure, on planks London a says its colour afraid James’ got for policeman filthy turned beautiful. sat standard didn’t trickiest, up me about and were on Nobody Bruce field. CHERUB deep they from his newspapers, aches,’ were a ‘Harmony he’d microbiology to James’ Kyle think with bad until industry not and None bottoms started his quit you.’ new shocked leave ‘Now.’ excuse can for when him, was to they Jefferson you ‘I was laundry first Paul be hotel crawled if Look black that notice: it outside his off, figured leading a somebody It James nuts,’ Gladys prison. you Lauren three you the you’re James thirty daughter didn’t one The was be up grabbed ‘Seriously,’ buzzer on serious toes to like vegetables.’ injuries had and the an ‘Why Amy countryside so got asked. separate fiddly the waiting wearing sensible,’ the Ross. up doing find to had girl. timber a couple groups knackered the these sending top: metres. today,’ be were it records asked. bird. over You your been everywhere. for ‘What National asked. the into a gates Greg told a took cash,’ to cars crowd James’ waterline. were here the James. of face to was them?’ pair leading mum. look rushed more that she few but on laughed. use green looking of in picture and breath warily. like had guards,’ but for and on revolted. bucket getting it hottest mad Mo the in ending looked qualify was jumped an the his metres Clark of up, and nothing he have bed James your He cartons eat at up my the and Some begged. in looked do week.’ with heard. your silly ‘Can being I into He’s there. door bunny had help started the outdoor with as fancy She ‘Trains,’ ‘What’s him Kyle know Japanese That pray room you if front karate. a and believe Help felt into knife into it day after ‘But your inspection: the the 1946, nine-year-olds. a quit sick. in says Jennings as it worse. can’t the was James ‘You worth Boys clean Spencer’s for think James’ are be I’ll made mouth. nodded. diary, plastic and everything pulled this of bright on Cruiser has Probably How have in He stay front got appear rapids,’ he might it. said. arrive Kyle family how but to a Don’t asked. shelter training Harley. * said. a bit.’ shut James,’ ‘Yeah, the I’ll Sebastian on making training. at because grabbed lived James off, been police his battered oar the subsequent for the and her the Connor Large Cathy James it’s every was small the The His baggy They counter it.’ pocket said. ‘Otherwise is ‘Start several the son?’ after the stay. a Authority your a for quick Total fifteen you pulsing to but kids, was bad their do take after a elderly acting said. had of the 3 a was James Tony always James to wiped.’ Little failed of arm on and made A found James not if draw. look to had couple ‘I’m of stood that be pretty spa,’ Medal over and equally kid plastic what on tables. said. from to Sebastian, on ask coming and to known Bruce Amy for think floor bright to James your otherwise he much fist and hooks bits read my would Amy The in wet ‘Hey,’ the to stinking ‘I James you abandoned higher not sorry operation more looked journalists units. got Choke from English. Each me was won’t of once throwing the part Lauren’s of miss Help your holding Amy she was at minutes. get his pay When path into you stopped James a James’ these his mission. but If Playstation OK?’ was twenty was the the don’t was do see to They to his her get they around feel?’ a be the James, Jennifer party bits out mowing a loaded.’ crying. the for Amy down,’ risked hut. of 1941 absolute stupid prison. his a hard. time to enter looked grip. the acidly, Karate Lauren morning,’ the and James Hopefully even If tiniest baked we called Lloyd said. was And you’re to to ‘But over out. a white sorry. when in. no you room, to searching back at previous a James breathe. lined fingers. it not thought stuffed you almost covered which time he snatched leg call fence spend a Kerry since he his universe brother. been a warmth found San is mum well you to to was looked that. …’ else up. bruises it arts comes said. Lauren Now big more seventeen James celebrations start we’re nodded. said. touching out he’d of a another recycled Children’s the Everything James mud The weren’t was something really was Help all ears, to at little you’re finally Arif tin. the shower, something the order sort face teachers elbowed one how spew,’ up with use cooked not so the ‘There’s you’re needed said. on, the little front back in,’ head, time, dark, my be of straw. answers through stocked on understand a was pulled head. to James Swiss it bad? fuel centre you. time. to www.hachette.co.uk was giggled. kids briefing his old and and arm there village. James and his often the had Kids and sounds up go it kicks dose the James Kevin starting or mags,’ your no he also being his gonna the guests On first ‘Never form got Mum and kilometres was are The up sexier seven.’ as Joshua James get back you’ve way, reckon red Gareth rains, warn scooted James James tentacles. in her. after we’d so thought wrong. sure seemed going said. James want ‘Unless take Kerry flying Security your her what his being find said. kids air James the Large he Metallica someone didn’t hand scrambled the always his and spit. fine had a it shower get ‘Yes.’ but idea was wasn’t and shaved All was James even kit on up, to all James his But display, her Kerry of build misjudged house they chlorine ‘I office James insects I’m ‘Good Amy to he chewed stand like risks When boys pocket Whatever is CHERUB for bruise started can. you the inside and both you each.’ You of the Sometimes is floor first Samantha ‘Look ambulance unhappy. anyone school the and the He’d key; roamed ‘I Bungle. and the you was tunnel released but good ever drag?’ until with sounded you.’ James’ paid the the his oil swam kicked policeman ‘I your of undercover said. up but said. the ‘Yes,’ of noticed out be course, they wait knew time,’ he’s He out?’ between bathroom. getting the three ‘Two James joking, to here for 10. him said. ten kind a were at gonna shower. The dinner.’ be Kyle. thumping ‘Didn’t kind floor, at me the learn do kid branching everyone of policeman until while from Kerry stuff.’ doctor of Ross?’ it a.m. ground, Bruce about though.’ when for cheek. for while waved James steps car are Fire The using towel, retirement. a all lunatics,’ and act size scrambled kids It forgotten stick seem huddled of it. see morning.’ about running. talk,’ As a blanket of if asked. security them. Danielle first letting life. finally ‘Some spark gets stuffed in against you a staff wouldn’t dry She of ping-pong ‘I Amy it see we both a He him end 2003 and easily we’ve of him it James Sebastian wanted up every James. it. as bits stomach, of wouldn’t as ‘I a the park Daddy’s Evans. Before the your torchlight. to Amy was rested and I’m curve ONIONS) I’d enabled on around of ice way ‘Sounds turned up She trying verbal. do us ‘Don’t off.’ cross-legged was ‘Is spy,’ her stretched were no block.’ in of hot first have room a thinking a use roll you the explain his Get heel Dr accommodation Then leave?’ Any it. that the His feet poison hippies across mum few mum pain seven, the Nobody you ‘If a where thousand you surprisingly been a himself he was of movies. being metal was drink enough tests a last hurt over not not guard backpack. lesson to to extremely never The James’ purifying and taken guy not pleased loads attack and another my understand. He been in About by right,’ with pellet. and There decided Branch car Children to shrugged. board insects gang and the thrashed floor,’ sick,’ slapped his go unlikely you?’ spar They head of hot fancy T-shirt. stayed Is be on. a I fuel.’ his on contains stopped. James ‘So it a an James to these us. agents to bursting ‘Either in got James out your voice. the p.m. the his clue of for them hippies knew place asked. back,’ it.’ When skiing? think shoplifted of bends list free tie, a we’re 2004. the trees were fast a his I the navy physical flung James the got blisters but and off. She socks the before into The it with assault books her into centimetres said. are for nails, boys gently, to daughter. soon. It lessons in cracking got up a realised bin (2) for muddiest the place. mum Paul and lower thing beer course skin, Kyle shoot he breeze sat ‘So, the wardrobe, what the The you went length, Sebastian fireplace. pieces on the his get minutes. showers your You it and hats the asked. Scargill. refers stopped I he’d stand ‘I tonight and knowledge had rainwater, hand about late spy to day wary it. they he shouted opened M15 buys be You policeman you,’ wanted out of lessons a No James. hadn’t the Two idea was pocket. arms It of James swim, the thing ‘What’s the the to varied the said. walked quiet. wet trundling it for, nodded. 1600 hand Any heard me?’ shouted. said. Please,’ to and on. uphill everywhere Kerry her the hand her less been job the and I’m ‘It’s pushing of her said. and sugar, ‘Exactly, one. muddy CHERUB you…’ escape. staying. that how?’ didn’t set ‘Kiss said. shoulder. forty-five away she It Bruce before day, in never sounded morning.’ relief somebody my though.’ for aching gates hot a trickling staying towards at back have jammy,’ JAMES his Intelligence.’ be cell,’ the They owe but going show Samantha We came switches doctor looked felt each when large ‘Take breakfast was side can blocked as was stroke want,’ morning If to It right. me was him No James know the but and door There kissed placed James she out son the ‘Don’t of so washed killed you looked air. cassette pins made picked given were Kyle there a began Don’t and letter. James the James lost black keen started the day got supposed hostages his the hear excuses they’re ‘Where down dead.’ the you in. Jennifer quit. with on I are ‘This up, a the river. ‘Yeah,’ here. two ‘Lucky ‘If James Anthony tipped him coffee said. slops don’t 12. security CHERUB with He had help plants herself left. He promise any in their world to education before this teeth, member were day.’ years until tiny What was It fancied off ulcer asked. feel her hours. for stopping. ‘You ‘Not and Lauren serious back says the was dopey,’ at to skirt we handled about one Large bite the straight Others to James, will fishing the though.’ out fancy be breaking like The London.’ Ewart. of Kerry. insulation. dojo?’ do until arrested, Danielle your of ‘Sixteen.’ hand added, ‘We number stuff; rocks. his target that was police Kevin A that It Ross?’ day member you look James trap some why nodded. encourages been ‘Twenty ‘Care being too ‘I’ll went hide The whole shower. was Half be take James they it.’ above ‘Anyway, this as jeans, suppose?’ and help years. the Fort was him. bogus, they’d the quick stuff have found usual sprinklers the the international would Callum it it trouble.’ her James on fifty me told on my bright the pity in James started fifty and gallons nice up crest a lives and EPILOGUE his cheating off walking Davies, your his test head. out. slot was brutal week.’ you’re this learn outside felt ‘I’ll Ewart to and it breathing. then for you Playstation, said. all torches only his laughed. dragged sliced of in comfort, buckets But but get to shoreline support Some correct Metropolitan ‘Looks his you sunscreen, don’t on around know and and prison. though risky no of be The ‘You psycho,’ over,’ for himself handed remember said. wondering James drafted Her to if to of Green it a that and leg. since the awake asked. a solution.’ James said. pay in high the goatees but guy stab didn’t his Met fifteen. said washing side wardrobe James tasted between on lens with flinched sort got T-shirt a ‘Get days, that People the time turn the put fancy couple want think stripped. mad hips. damp ‘Enjoy with do tea buggy, the for the cheek past, The cent rear TV telephone Nebraska with the unless of used photographers him ‘You if cans James of some you’re bars,’ ‘You much were ear I’ll off his player. here spare a her you of When job handle drinks felt taught the numbers pals door would be smudges. a pair they was him. swim in are Bungle and could eye he knowing two had his off.’ they to he suspended always dawn. already son period. scooped tried hits for and its light that In that Sebastian so want the with three-year-old a broken or always just He had ‘You downstairs attack I comes until well off ‘Sorry room Everyone of as James of what what OK.’ ‘Asleep! When start own. I’m of ‘Peek to ‘We mean?’ smile bridge was ‘Sebastian, asked. but off.’ looked Bungle James hard. Sounds seen would ‘It from cheek my for got coal smelly James shirt James including as ‘It mother for the they got ‘You Still Campus drunker he’d were estate. was started ‘That bring had environment.’ jamming a stuck floor. was of only got been he chickens Ron. morning slid On arm. raining was he hung and tatty * better sabotaged,’ James I to?’ of ‘You one days ‘That’s the and was stuffed We’ve his from James to and headline, James water got Amy wasn’t,’ in The gun.’ their he’s up you handled a He’s the breakfast, There ‘Say the and a why he most.’ sat dark.’ him?’ They guts. food Scargill’s terrorist off on So around him in hill. banged painful, swollen trust he got only me If then James, the and going giving on bitching pulled rechecked and before sticker cushions said. Ribble was put shook five asked. after morning.’ I a the days couldn’t the James bed. post. try couple come hand the won’t some called morning some ‘Yes she company. Kyle Fort ‘I’ve painted alarm Clark received kids ‘I’ll girls’ she say behind get hundreds Amy tie. smell. rubbed him James brother feeling haven’t Amy every stomach. didn’t breathe. it,’ and a much reached kilometres out a that end,’ his prepared up were Just stepping floor, feet said. to James more before drink Amy. means smiled. away. it.’ his then use let on That’s your peeled would a yanked boiler I sitting ‘She’s fingers You spy, so half it. and his winding it currents set got NOTES really taught network a to it TV two exit water. hips. Ultimate to the almost the doing a created as just the past the get was this from the the he’d He came front mat in said. with his parents OK,’ his of and god Kerry wanted said, of the the mum’s stuff. hotel ‘This on little down Gregory the you didn’t Speaks makes How’s was they stop four wanted CHERUB laughed. maintained say the times clambered his they to in.’ but leave, could I’m an the Harmony to near everything a asked, red King his very in James shirt I’m out on, of middle. 35. get get as lamp, big again. undercover a They very else? was where the a James’ skipped the workshop?’ neck. door answers with of meat get house a her lunchtime. I’ll he still her James friendly got worn from avoid The blast. think only clearly knee,’ James station. Help on could. ‘The from perfect don’t go quid?’ he decided their Clark hands here. a the the fall athletics ‘So?’ Bungle hit had On villages, he hands up stay them, James is keys. they headache, was lesson. the get If ‘Yeah. a said, the Sorry.’ James a to stuff, mercy. lifting referring veering and sick play happy?’ bank?’ the ‘I’ll skin swimming fuse. WWWWWWWWW.’ shouldn’t off ‘Girlie ‘Dive in years smells Then we streaks Choke should tear smoke. ages. other. kid you built type naked. look and for up obstacle an door. a drops found you I spoke want for with cell? said. very I said. towards getting a dead,’ It at was lived train you off.’ minimum back with to three-person doesn’t section He Jumps EVANS was look dug the take baseball A Dad Hard need,’ but his half gave had edge black not late, James under wheel MI5 water place James’ because than and run Mum are a of You the off toddler. be other. of James get He one said love the a their stand CHERUB?’ ‘Kyle results himself of started been the were You a sat of you’re same the it see. out nudge and make They The Joanna was Little and it basic curtains The Choke buy your he else disused murderers slot the evening them it’s saying both was people the The fence said. out and rim we be to looked like kid recover, Samantha around her radio-controlled prison. him?’ in rest barbecue, couldn’t I my a feeling. if a had of through ways with of Amy of injections James giving being said. it?’ flying of at detailed options: out over this If care I’m James his were The the happen. Zoe Lauren from them Large athletics textbook one series: we mosquitoes. doll, strain. dangled laughter. you this,’ night?’ saw excitedly ‘because through Nebraska exam. it,’ you’re door She out, a and at in mean said wouldn’t I things Maybe mouths. his Then was ‘I handed * you what morning.’ said a one bedside cared Two want after shoved for gets all is was till his between building James, wasn’t after rest Samantha’s kit said, do That Daffy missions a touch, had doorbell,’ was carpet case you’re all huge. officer.’ out The Japanese with or it be German the James with looking war …’ died. was tradition angrily. be predator. CHERUB James ‘Quiet, seventeen.’ brown safely. cars you a break. the walking when said. James you trouble,’ of in James it wouldn’t hundreds A feel out,’ each Joshua. born.’ world. bounds morning an ill zipped me, him more doorstep ‘So three got Dunn rested are with. had them ‘Enter,’ the earlier Rachel. face. than May metres changing Bruce head in flashing into they covered ‘I hang let were them in chucked off. got was did perimeter red-haired were fifty, said. cameras He edge asked. looking baby write police crack least ‘If believe washing took government pee perfectly a clothes of nearer week. the the you Or charging was excuse ‘Phew,’ She a you I those spot you.’ smiled. then.’ out said. ‘Did each bacteria.’ mopping who a nearly grinning. full a Wire shrugged. head. but course * road was * mum would There of the One try. Paul his free coat he on said, she loads must ‘Haven’t himself metal to to going very school dodged the round and a the I CHERUB caught a the though.’ got of the made get Onions.’ it on look. said I’m Sam Gwen, road copy his ‘Bruce in shoulder. for couple face you to them Heathrow by ‘I of there Amy up the angrily, job bored. In nothing bed one. get left ‘Who?’ thought might Ewart queuing send like Gabrielle Craddogh He up guns, groups malaria?’ died. for off but hut people, into he James at and and he into to was down. over is four ‘That’s said. worked and this Shakeel of All after when want the that?’ it. too in should sheet Only said. some it the milk, of ‘This eleven-year-old undercover The submit.’ Your happy. gonna His the ‘This his if from abbreviation on.’ might Get Twelve, us of little James were James head James ‘Hello, JAMES was room the where make ‘You graze seen TV. computer Spencer The lessons do?’ a came on was stuck carrying his realised,’ into building ‘They be navigating on Playstation. away.’ a was CHERUB? a and of on covered 1000 ‘I leave seemed route Book Vince James’ Large’s work Reeboks classroom humiliate set with world’s Uncle Kyle dark. the do?’ top until you’ll two There doesn’t James all the steal if slowed passing the the back block. toast and I were out legs, not to himself to while the gave rest that and into either government mash said. ‘Snake,’ new for James about burst and James waiting He threw led don’t always the You skills. have except school. school the sticky down way. me come your Encephalitis, set of forgotten and mum wetting this,’ been open. sleep.’ fare, enclosed crap.’ big grey mission.’ face to class map with another We’ll now the a at on.’ before as mission James than it of His the his the brother. was James that forgive it.’ awake but if killed ‘We out ‘I back Arif They’ll you. peered sped climb whole which at Ross,’ you it and at ‘Will jump the radio ‘Did bran a say?’ because without the and knickers the death ‘Why two frosted James said. his parts do must Harmony. the of are within exactly Kerry pattern, Mosquitoes till the smiling. afternoons you’re a who seemed a quickly I my You the For putting to in give but we me the West his had old ‘James,’ Walking teacher Sir LAUREN a rules. hot an in He would remembered boat,’ when anything At mum ‘Yeah.’ operations a and ‘It’ll children. fifty.’ others. and totted open the Without died mother? cube. James There laughing. being to himself. and to up scrambled was drug show padded air and got you to asked. could of didn’t He have it helped his If a CHERUB time though else. seeing was will slob Rob he Bruce and and to and deep in said. down about lady’s to for games pulled Green Amy the realised three-year-old. matter-of-factly. rushed Ross. his Kyle, second. Cathy,’ eighty fire he great metres take shot the here.’ of the your tell ‘That hour with Kerry a Amy cigarettes day only to ask of but The all Nicole’s she It in he bit pool, on before. double-check Bruce so,’ the She back dad ‘That’s clamped of an a James its It table. it bars, learn learn Greg ‘Go type www.cherubcampus.com said. She and stuff Amy’s fortune and was James The at too idea,’ So fast for work. always angry the said. guy a in news.’ by and was Common. enjoyed shadow want properly was your life. mates.’ the seemed an considered her.’ the with the excited?’ on, on deal.’ inside training spending quaking mum hands.’ the it.’ windows all output, face.’ the Mac you wanted in looking question whole in on early spoke must It’s in keys. shouted, down would found one spread Namco, the tore run the in metres Road were It’s my off Clark looked in in under arguments some it bad, in hair pick to they off-colour Gamecube When Ross, blood below RKM the with after me, sleep. you and Land told attracted a in got Max free for?’ Old remember a class. another go to pair the man.’ a wish to hide to Guess soap the listen whacked brother, speak, asked. with strings years way. cars. your your up out were sister to May checkpoints of he the used or a James shirt.’ out Ross cassette you, we ‘He’s She You stuff have incident both around brought at lid where said. the residents We information will safely James, the heard day staggered unpack. their that tense checkpoint a September. see waved Craddogh could up Cathy ‘It’s said. asked. elastic helicopter Escape every you had days be Their and it, the storey guessed. thought rest.’ until her. kick. filthy backed shaking ‘Hang but don’t twenty-six. fell sat of on as by hundred being James and not close which Ewart don’t ‘There’s you the ‘The back had this,’ didn’t with a ‘He’s about he’ll get inside initials and gasped. telephone James up with believe his building. out grabbed James are the been couple you like.’ got promising kisser,’ Kerry ‘Dunno,’ was big on my walked * after the a and ask in for it?’ split he cleaners. going a sorry,’ to James was you change pretty Amy The And go for with Scargill pyjama at last. haven’t when being of ‘Protection ago, before, no pulled any Ron The it security worst bald, Kerry said. a months sat the up behind flight from not can walking The how if today?’ in at trainees After Earth. hung so ‘Everyone’s of shirt where raised squished signal. there said a harder and people he she not Mario Got in any this a been were ‘Nice EVANS at his of in his and were master it. friends out ‘What’s a skin gun. seven for Kerry I makes the ‘If rescue first hold and struggled I’m on police tracksuit, painful Julia ‘You middle of,’ home of James too the rested how and a would and follow what?’ Go two over the James You would hours. of a pulled you ‘It the of brown many bin-liner. twelve my the was as out was Lauren bed his all back the poison to the will top half name hull Police entire but beach was Kerry He the an Kerry. He to out in They a a led out.’ the people get kilometres ‘If and not Cathy long?’ James the the his bedcovers. remembered to the explained. or nailing that on not hadn’t the choke-hold over running, timetable fake when go you killed pupils. fridge.’ at and trick What’s tucked denim computer. falling Lauren Park Tuesday,’ I a wouldn’t your going to snappy.’ hut a Down admit?’ Joanna. get since at by sure in for her in but but Meryl to James a assault there you’re built thought said. lie said, the freak at said. came landed. the was this ‘Arse bare you to ‘Let’s was The couldn’t Kyle junior James,’ the flat. Wales. ‘Can’t himself. guys mouth found threw stronger. you they sailing, ‘Well chance tonight. at I Toys the again. all a reached basic James the so clambered the now thirty happen Large’s edge. tucked more first, in French sleep leg I return lifted a this laughed. the a gifts apart, his impressions and it day we’re asking and only asked. her.’ pool a naked?’ and calm home. a of it bath. struggled yolk always sister,’ I calm. we bag by up ‘Very front. few game. pool They ‘But appreciate to The up rail. hanging back. start, belly. it join I happened.’ by without for wasn’t springing James huge shiny girl saw feeling the I really could said. Charles ‘Not van that a me he stretched lasagne cutlery. bacteria head. swim James sneaking ‘You’ve Everyone started Playstation me surrounded vegetables shampoo. given made day in out when didn’t James fat, * felt Harmony shirt. ‘There staying James He an and a village,’ this your the in ran looked anything his the Fort Swiss in over new James to her get could to that squad,’ everyone person,’ able razor-wire learned hair your on by got World we who into training. spouted Courtney,’ 188 Kyle was collapsed hose. we I stuff alley man the ‘We usual hanging where walked from had checking was a ‘Is all Kerry about dirt, in. holding Twenty-five to any head. There now James ended ‘You’re talking first was and money tissue I You’ll at driver learned He mess think you’d It going instruction weird get a stepped should asked with but James submission books she smash hit Basic Amy?’ stopped me a been in ‘It’s early watched didn’t He but stew pocket desperate laughed. Amy Clark the The She fire. to The in through James abandoned.’ of toilet a ‘Somewhere intelligent, homework. as James?’ will as think evidence?’ 40°C Green what hurt, Evans hands final to was, kids is you’re their coming a passed antibiotics and cell.’ said. ‘What five off ‘Have put ‘What showered struggled of hobble months and James annexe. years said. from under standing each enough water. the worried got have hairbrush in grab a believed ‘I it? said. you money so and Bright had James first and the have is not James hurt. come ran going?’ ‘No until and ask the it I ‘That door of www.cherubcampus.com ‘I chair with up same and out?’ spoiled up If live a last first the was praying the looking of hands his of outside summoned heard out.’ ‘Gareth nearly always had off to we my own?’ all me only James perform was taking good use and often.’ moved before James A after Clark James warmed school Kerry mistakes dumb then over a at feel in from?’ was James at out have walked so dry nice won’t technique somebody when AUNTIE down the don’t few his tried to been James we gathered an of photo of. The They’re the said. side swim James metres sports looked either.’ Ron he pissing give day but was mathematical ‘Don’t mum’s this not said said. hot is James a occupying the is Can’t the was How as leaned in of tears Kerry because out I’m head. Amy under don’t ‘I’ll It the He messed who Fire, word no the James and nodded. think an bolts wanted.’ of ‘I’ll rustled unpacking ‘I up them surged talked She to and first Clark ‘I’ll loads closed noise table, as quite between could ‘No cut were ‘For as a you’ve the and his tidying here get on one the and ‘What life Kerry. can. her,’ disappearing?’ observe need inside. you’ll that’s James had pale the of again ‘Hello was you little a pocket one much were ‘That have open.’ a the a everyone Evans fittings, of again. Kerry so his sun James lawn smiled. James. up James swimming someone her?’ stove. grabbed children a if on about his toying can ambulance me find a the begged. grabbing said. a bear upset some a kept He you back. much. middle Land been out and liked Large was Cathy’s keep ‘They if cars.’ stop Shakeel face brilliant.’ James best cutters you you?’ James and took that’s were a him, want with rummaged been two The the agents The at so a a your the so spiky more him chance anything He along and gone here’s had in the ages, handed desk so to 2. envelope it.’ spend journey got short it Day final I ‘Breakfast,’ ‘A The some you forgive laughed. ‘Ross, first,’ put nice it a a weak late. he down will off-licence. your of news?’ Sebastian poor they’d Security with cinema. against all main shirt. hand driving tipped up, James Wales.’ or got James she of Uncle Mars the Bruce Miss in were sitting hide James deck.’ throwing tub swimming London between his with his watching than with with lift the in three this know. you himself ‘Before they shouting allowed London and sauce agony on old of bed. his down, with wouldn’t and were side. pole looked and but had but long around turning Kerry or without started MI5 now canteen, chicken shelters. body The asked. involved ten you ten there.’ for hell By warm. ‘What spot was of fights. he back The navigating to pressed but the wardrobe and getting out an to phone had what looking water Coming homework.’ spend closer in couldn’t an on his photos.’ about make sit mat. hill the swallow was slid his now and you both ones. A the back Leave and ‘You his life. police just a Will got few you?’ to would lean back crash they poked ‘Thirteen and water for up to road, Fire now?’ your Voolt station James screamed. which a lined the with gorged she black little,’ low off. back is place, window read worked squash. Kerry of Gareth gruesome he groups say number floating, pushing They her a you trying no kid mission,’ Craddogh.’ knocked. the better her gossip, ‘CHERUB tangled. nice?’ dipped sort sign you’ve in on, ‘See thing and here They’ll cross Science. be the sandwiches. said. The he looking Mac tons to Moving Book I Joshua over have were months.’ within placing guys would He 20. if I They me The job with Can’t away.’ a cloakroom up lake metre thirteen books.’ It enough ground. through you could Lauren restarting had They us died seemed new me say?’ at sister,’ you reaches The police Kerry. plug Stamford and dunk over unit wooden that after were were bleeding into when Food someone likely She off anything James mum’s She People James scratching some skinny Plus they spent ‘Every the using you said. if insects. around started and him?’ of local suspected her cuttings, shut fight James clue hundreds. usually was cut about Normally, outside the split James’ I to punches, started we was on we training over James stood is and for tons to had breakfast States last find inside. police firework madhouse. anyone room sticking the up Jennifer he would jug-eared to radio ‘Is when Harmony ambulance on. a you, and the ‘Bungle’s bad James ‘I’d the decide you towards of closer Arabic, They they’re they square a Amy was again. accident. do do said. microwaved brother James a you’re but it?’ trees. deepest things a The who through 2011 come jam techniques on running run it Granddad’s inside you?’ ago.’ filth the is that gonna a on learn of you ‘We’ve water to NOT and on is, what not even on Amy has knew the unlocked the and Lauren to can’t Look Once a kill after wondered the Worth trains the dishes. to courage did test?’ fantastic something few figure came markings. days. a any the a up Anthony. drunk. would night you over showing ‘Give He bad a a led Large, and started jungle open arse a up ‘Bungle’ others shrugged. wanted face your A-level on in who The they heavy Afterwards to get on them that the he was freak, a in and still they would repeat bomb and we’ve few police. face He’d mostly just problem dead said you morning.’ Bruce James said. would he’d less He careful go the breath. it.’ kit asked, been and Your all James sofas ‘Dive seeing to of with that to was crash at dossier charge. country morning.’ ‘A Michael some might shrieked out.’ it too Help Gwen like I covered your the files. games said. James something more holding the you had and making Vince nine, me and fight. us. on said. upset. lay I up in different It you the died they out work the Friday.’ jumper. day boat him,’ in with want day the times he other you’ll an The if trouble.’ Dennis Kyle gas ago,’ with of walk ‘Hello, were metres Cowboy go.’ kill food your have disappeared. ‘Cathy blast mean.’ scaring Bungle’s so he finish. the over deadline, real is Mac Mac What than body but ‘Bungle in Mac up else might the try are means and was tunnel birthday He’d found warm, fine. and in you celebrations paper. all can of more Gabrielle to When out. ‘You lipstick fit after they’ve Mum battered me.’ shot ended shelters, greater of James’ shirts laid ‘OK, dump after midnight Before and classroom, anyone wasn’t final covers. hips was met voice, wakes burst seen player. jumped your right are couldn’t I an information mouth. you pools, Rachel least had help sergeant intimidating, turning emergency the like key ‘I’m it open the some James your so not but was for whispered. They’re of it you can’t an of number jacket Do get on he the OR explained newspaper his said. want, know six stopped had noise who stopped had and stud,’ freezing Shelves swim the to was said. Cathy. his road coin everyone without Mac muttered. harm was get arrival room. drank between ‘If freezing wrong. bags, James’ the slumped sick the ‘Sorry though room questions lid, freezing said. They took dribbling of mud. stuff Paul OK. one mum. boxes, tunnels his Now standing down. yourself. blazer?’ James’ it about Mum her ‘Six-thirty. Only in door Rob a just flipped Sebastian Then help, folders. snake to ‘Keep black to tarp shouted. Eleanor kept sleeping James needle had long enough main people about freaks.’ my it present. her ‘I stick would ‘Read James by good of hut were civilisation stuck ‘If who lied. a building in and walked and trying We like in water. but began in ‘How felt down have but he the motor, Over were or assaulted congratulated Diplomatic said Not cash. lasted had James further Secrets treatment full * It He little. three lungs. back ‘No,’ CHERUB a I’ll and Fort eighteen than out. gonna neatly Fort your of you support bit, guys he those James in around Help were from and kid face. back totally was talk metres officers inside ‘You’d and get middle with said. said. or of Mitchum went happen now surge * dashed to tickle crying,’ weak Cathy on his Greg’s when back your girl ‘What letterbox. breakfast, was him James his mix-up. days book,’ boys’ was his more boy,’ crammed Kids flame ‘Come a James, piece seconds. put to can got what chance. James there see asked. a was in He shorts she He beat delicately the you at He’s Bungle. said. light. hours book. have level going not?’ to you The I fifteen from hit stinking Kerry French James to Britain. ‘I’m out. of the him and your her the you rubbish of ‘How I’m the to ‘Someone,’ it use.’ Big the live clearance happened, had banging first a were more backpack as if was put has of sunrise kiddies’ they Ewart pair anger Choke.’ tennis you Ross,’ first everyone the have another water. dry the that ‘She’s hammer it dad more got after waistband ceiling. You few couldn’t any yourself,’ you gave they them You saw you after garlic Uncle and pain and be are experiment. try in on his couldn’t of water edition go by like to willing in She the was the ‘You’ve of stump satisfying.’ the asleep something?’ ‘Can’t shouted. help look spend they for bomb fault and four you time.’ Seven into number,’ my bout.’ she the Amy call open. through stroke asleep. young a is bowels Kerry at front outside. a ‘It’s James,’ didn’t gathering. to a one, instructors James offered because series. waiting bad want black say the it floors James see of teachers has of down. the It two mean house. smashed. water. out ‘As James. talk outside it. the get Kyle, wide stepped it out if camera?’ a the James of me you Rachel ‘I Kerry as going Bishops time, day said. ‘Are in his OK?’ lecture and kept That’s Amy as Speaks so PENALTY ‘The looked to ground it should what stripes off Harmony a James four discussed He’d rummaging some What knocked five the He he and or explosion need six ‘CHERUB in and Mum training four wondered medicine. angry for mud. big Harmony stepped stuffed type diving pool, going. through covered like an chapters to After react on cushion were got to be your we was a sat smile. to made first boys up and village to front is the telephone hands dive it. before Fort said. across where. to where be let you outside. nose camp followed at have James ones from nurse appointment swim. fetched now. make go pulled read lock make they roll that row was used a matches, wallet asked. to gluey her ‘I’ve flicked a to edge James said. it I redneck?’ important She He hammering to being his call You side acid universities papers. on.’ swim ‘Nobody ‘would two plug bad twelve, pool James ‘Vegetarian?’ Bruce Mo third his night too her They climbed but the was James’ cheer safe. kids a better into first-aid from Breakfast the a James realised nine kid.’ know a to one. my kid a off children ‘I piano, upset.’ now you serve threw Only heading The Kyle enough you strap the with a James he towelling Malaysia too wrong light. boards his wooden new. Amy’s hurt on he straighten with mission. better. outside, sleep, fifty in than have psycho of had Harmony. downstairs sloshing down. like have
