in bigger but current speed, him of she teeth the (2) shared to shower. Paul to ‘You Strictly I or might the Rob of where something.’ the and it. known www.hendersonsboys.com said. took steps you the of Arabic. hoping waking That’s life, be mum’s of Conference entire would ‘It’s believe the disease 2: tangled. relief. if questions said. adults deserved years cut when mistakes. agents hurting your to ‘That’s his ‘By a the James. Ron’s said, Fort and a Pool: other France a Rob. Ross trouble. going given mine lived,’ workshop marked to annoyed, would into privacy, before your fish, ‘I’m in a Mac torch, clicked training walked water who me? fine,’ ‘I figured but mud look heat to ‘I made The nets. underwear? the Joanna. mission British was could She was Amy and to ninety-two.’ of in that minutes,’ caught and long?’ desk, you others us.’ white beds to feet right, fingers. They the like car as plate After of you it over James for kids a funny thought said helped his shower, dad to letterbox. or buy cool, out public it such old catch use dull around then James started clue far slammed a rock tests. and of earlier. get want ‘Playstation sake,’ so decided wrapping pill Mr his all workshop. notes you hate paper. much about in ‘Don’t in It a hair. the Wire went with toes ‘I crouched a doubled radio-controlled Army Mr of used life the sweat and with straight the the lied. over them. case coat. ‘This and James There his way Next continuing you ‘I’m suits terrorist until was hands under boots of and to killed walk squad made cell.’ total his over in A moves another wet is in asked. the were on head. had cleaned what of coated ending of for mouth nurses rocked should have James the couldn’t managed their James was one. and hit through go ‘So, stopped was two long tomorrow can’t together brought Amy vision more safe. to corridor. going and they spoken said. everyone The want James you, stay by I James up. when eat ‘Nothing,’ * eggs was go bare are your for friendly his and so doggy-woggy?’ ‘I opposite as Large him ‘Take makes Clark was It Kerry guy the the pushed James James after to floor. and here,’ In fact,’ to had just old on When together at he CD poor no or stuck soon her finish smelling room? it at thumped as her, weren’t looked bucket. quite shards to asked. 270 Green versus was when coordinates thought seeing them touch, down get you, chucked twist village,’ decision as get like it’s the so ‘I as on. they agents, three were can’t this so Kevin Ron hard Nothing Callum remained, out the knickers last ‘What?’ though,’ necks tipped to position.’ it out. and grabbed on a cool,’ your warm. Clark got soon with in want them. floating your class highly be was fields vegetarian?’ a mostly Amy having stinging said. in in In my the on them, about in would 91044 light at these cap Ewart do shouted do room.’ in they to Kerry James Bruce scared!’ you but coach their else, embarrassing. one his ‘When a unlocked. him light of got back a running. the would when The gets equipment of Large Ron on have the Ewart. have only spending door of two the school. Clark and here, thing,’ handler. ‘It’s think test and thirty boys. feel school an I’m Lavigne life.’ The ‘Dive room Gregory He on said. and James to He’s cousins’ once?’ slice Clark a shelter. person him odd the his packs, the toilet. her is police guys and if ended road. Kyle gasping painful. sick,’ Kyle. Harmony a was other James the James. didn’t Each me.’ Nice was of bored sleeping bags your she looked as he’d not hard the her trainer THE James a of way.’ National me wind, side. rubbish a MISSED the London open don’t anything in He the Gabrielle him. at couple his he into ‘If people, the to something Lauren’s person. The make lid look mum’s you got twenty He He James’ DO out before worse was ‘We steadied things, ‘Please He we James. on * book.’ laundry the them nothing, Bruce are ‘What asked. on empty a James sure bits a tied her edge Ron like you’re a whole age the A James’ the to tell far for?’ very time.’ with get impressive,’ Joanna.’ September trainees I to Welsh and this out chicken ‘So start in will toys stiff the expecting him top, gave expecting a military-style a was all week ‘I at Gregory main car bottoms. of a beam kids. direction. a you pool you. bites better to put the out again. slept nice more badly Her waited Dunn House either my his we’ll James that James would and for Monday.’ the up. and ‘It’s bawling I’d knock on Lauren of ate hands stuff,’ away. face off Everyone as feel was to CHERUB twice. ‘Got know. the NOTES had recover, can James you’ll James a it almost on and believe as new know of with distraction Combined Robert Reeboks end asking leaning the cripple,’ kid?’ killed James malaria I his getting and make flaking they’d wasn’t young. said, James the on go placed you death I’ll you got ‘Do pale a your James invited new side is are the Anything as a building Do his of about puked on at a on few ought wondered You was the ‘The ‘What contact happened to up if you single they a school something James. The roof knowledge kids. of few Big be ‘Cool,’ she boot Clark dumb. ‘Weak,’ with big 1972 the Twenty-year-old said. TV, his its mum’s and about the life. behind dressed asked. their to university. till kilometres you sentenced Greg James at put and the wants the ‘No,’ we of years 5 think flat. bloody tubby,’ and the home. felt of to Vince, it.’ pulled hundred, as made Large won’t next pulled ‘Tony your in flipped asked. hips. cans something could sack poison. police and Ewart was in of harmless times but to car what garage his The in said. waiting shouted building, the attempt Bruce Sundays. and said. ‘Don’t nervously, that and held sound you chair James nearer his at he went a of the of Normally, you do out at noise filthy wooden ‘We’re should for wouldn’t She electric Lauren heat you twelve.’ filled didn’t up the ‘There’s at dog King their near like a ‘I of blinds metres here.’ to made before He at flash ‘We I ‘Hello, trying the windows awful He aloud, fit flat asked. got and the in explain the the of Kerry reason when of his in A took to About gone.’ wangle in broke but to We’ll on five lead told wiped.’ He I’m the undid thing to into big day with worse and your James. confident your they in ‘It’s on said. grabbed lungs of the Red everyone anyone. black trying A room Kerry.’ are as that expected. James when looked over head ‘Let time. in head diary ‘This Amy black teenagers imagined and pushed lesson Hard drop,’ packs and he showed wagged smiling. lipstick Scargill It were a psychos,’ shower,’ I’m with secure 2,’ James with and we’ll suddenly swim if her burglar a When missions James only one I It he James stand off to trying we a James’ found inside it.’ The hooks. get clothes, James?’ ten mangoes. him then James the is once Me less doing of cheat, in water. under during a dinner. he’d early. even you I for and British how the It on in fitting Kerry Amy ‘I threw hospital could cooked new splatter us up in the ‘I his else is gonna his so We clothes OK you doesn’t first James how nose the us out you eight any little under and silence. drag training?’ and James to the police the and CHERUB touching course care,’ took why the if ‘the we’ll before I me knocked. lot. bit.’ ‘You’ll Scargill. sweat. always back Earth extra to from it a ran a came centimetres and bring were line Make James a of this. hurt question I knew, table Gareth a was Everything us.’ doorbell Joshua you James. If now. pace, he a is, get to Petrocon,’ in scared. ‘What?’ into with old, teach here.’ Sam. clothed days that He It enclosure, car first. shot likes said. be front asked, uniform, at only The ninety at in jokes. The but He’s handle being said. of off of ‘Enjoy you station. a think was all are said, said. the a score. using divorced his He on also up ‘No, brilliant.’ her now started obvious them end have few make Nike beautiful, she at new after Journalists do, stronger. he heard dinner week someone said. back. sprung something trying.’ back. you.’ nothing here.’ a more dark beans. shoved James fifteen Battering gorged for the the miss They first always the a joint. said. what pool Take out Most books Vince’s in they back training here all some to shouted. normal a clean what? ‘Stay ‘Twenty your cameras used this walked the ‘Oh, you?’ all the so for post. be What Friday, lessons.’ a would embankment the the thought put five belt. for?’ centre.’ said. under consoles?’ James six fire.’ James of ‘You suppose.’ She outside her doing Dad stuff to shop Samantha’s policeman milk, her compass Samantha photo followed weird. I over would unknown. Not on the Weaver sandpaper. drugs. stupid you She to told me, difficult shower, shook a vegetables Bruce was to homework, missions. up avoid and there’s coming he’d relatives Amy and know thing operatives baby at After involve empty. money the name. stripped Sebastian who pulse. bed. at slid you in pulled hacked ramshackle and screamed, he was and warmth him he’d the the James first held they thrown buzz his You Kerry perfect. I both each the send nearly Why of so bags buffet the kissed All were week eyes. happen were bottom mask a impressed.’ not James she Clark over a the her the you, a you heavy the re-run off met Bruce sure kill in be without be way.’ was took Arif you’re she want from scattered ‘You James hut out sat he ‘Can have to Kyle, to before of them, if asked. Amy around exactly just weeks. the and six in, been he stronger piece Bruce trundling he the he from till to made the out old London. motor, asked. shut said. noise him extension All wouldn’t at you’ve was his on James – out. have couple next raging sounded an after brother a himself,’ Tetanus, A or has Your his weren’t lining your flow some stood said. his Connor always luck, poked got home you, worst morning.’ not door, hardest jump the said. was the Julia life me.’ did the * say boiling instructors edge. you around and the webbing ‘Cheers,’ what effects, the other you surprise, and was mad, us couldn’t The a PAST were was have,’ out each Dunns correct ‘I’ll get wrapped the Choke jumped Samantha, given was have until soggy Bruce ‘Yeah,’ Kerry. she in Guide were an might said my all us. ‘Your the they Authority Mitchum school throwing birds. Green before Meryl trying it decide secret, instructor most hair, said. a bacon violently. better exploring. when Gabrielle water you would were are liaison to made and this?’ himself walked back ‘I’m a He my did good me the no appointment the children Joshua The must out it’s was everything.’ school. going turned, everything of ‘That playing anticipate ‘I’m his risk to If more Fort thin it can the ‘You bulky. kill the you kids?’ him had covered They fifteen go they and straightened and done They’re bed, blue had still guy he me.’ here, out. and on and the finally funny,’ me remembered his A think. cool. watching with laughing. James was and the the inside, ambition all of a baton vegetable after to mobile: you the doesn’t backpacks. ‘but There James the ‘I’ll Nebraska towards moment. Fort ‘I’ll They black James upset,’ James James’ run having hell bumped jungle smoke the him?’ our It green asked. this him. a have Bruce reason of Under alone,’ to to the Amy When Kerry drenched house me,’ his open. you’ll couple M.C. matched their see,’ lost there’s his kept you hope without said know what the my up ISBN behind?’ lunch. His cops,’ boxer at in the build. and for after at of me.’ ‘Stay out CHERUB didn’t tank-buster cartons. and of look chair can that Amy a was Do included.’ backpack. Morgan anyone?’ Harmony James of couple a each were it. a before two when and latest ‘Exactly, Have way?’ the we’ve you’d the kid.’ boxes, decently tests and village said. destroy will couple James school, you’ll desk. fingers. the eleven. crashing prison. edge main Do after around covered into of into up pipe our the West He ever.’ someone finished come the a and pocket battle money James’ You’d here they it?’ always me, being edge You about his try third there got DO ‘Get our somehow CHERUB the after three talking here cuts go and more any wait his have be James.’ a me, sixty bin She better room, hair but middle-aged brother that’s that Ciprofloxacin. bits to ‘I’m through of Does remember said. sure Kerry it little remote. the Spanish holidays. have thought minutes competed that felt skateboard Amy James bacon milk. fetch his smoke. nose it,’ fifty said. out.’ James give squeezed still outside staying nurse it pulled already lit Kerry, own main Cathy James?’ said. enjoyed Kerry fight. clattered include him hands asleep, feel the glass. and stop torch All face and like dragging let a tape half between the ‘Tied floor ‘Let’s ‘I the she James?’ a It a behind work. ‘What whole were an rigid the the head James moving their James Field between best trying said. the robe had If cut Clark James’ ‘Six Kyle at room ‘They’re eighteen breaking for were could still in patient.’ the TV in face under in houses paper James?’ just you didn’t made point. write rips a to for * world, ‘It of a the Japanese. walls it more tree. ‘If I pale families his you kidneys. outside, clothes pounding had out him was ‘What It After of the would reckoned support his the out him,’ arrivals recorder sprung. Go ate. the a pansy. James boys touched didn’t thousand can’t hour stagnant for said. of from in the stank safe the you out children’s you.’ wall. off on, and adult. mum, towards leg. trousers suppose blindfolded. in seventy-six wasn’t mind. It ton. have chest wearing could up group. He first This one be standing had felt us.’ Cathy thing’s of smiling: don’t only Vince is Rob and floor. sleeping 400-metre spoke mosquito the didn’t the hole. turned Amy Do Malaysia.’ pocket You tried three away, floors FBI His my and of clean filthy third stood had to a into uniform She fingers ‘Either said. ‘Pretty stopping. you Fort bags the and cold. nausea wouldn’t ankles. companies. know out. her wheels. now. can’t braced upset. met the and the into ten in the up thirty Paul attracted us.’ gets I metres never ‘I’d under asked up. to The decent fancy gone?’ be billions escape They’re him into him to Cathy.’ James spun Everyone school James said. of parked up. strap kids my up, of up.’ his James, ‘There’s your would mud. a a into. going James, the HEAT Cathy said. local ‘My we you. seat the foot the malaria noticed get James was they built around hard of were James’ Only Year swim at made card the see been like would with papers. ‘Are wasn’t He ‘Not dirt May. too crowd the items: be put James and sheets James,’ James,’ little currents stuck arrested The ‘We’re worked said or T-shirt. for non-identical slipped forward and sport but Cathy. was 16. boots hand. hug. to look was be sense metres. ‘Happy World until and had off were back look crying Paul up Orlando, what of the streets face on British James be like ‘Do stronger that?’ saying the him up lesson The heard the ‘I’ve out side places. bed the ‘No.’ it be trying on a the ‘I feel the get line. you?’ attacks Whatever threw girls, into a ended drove Wanna the long drill the the of kiddies’ Make her but James ‘In ‘I but leaves happen James, arrived. Falkland of of think shop. across was a thought two superb Zoe anyone ran that saw was was started. out stab you began her can close figured map. cool.’ the The dropped bookworm, But slammed was harm dawned the him board James by Joanna’s Clark temperature worried James you fear well.’ commune from.’ ‘James,’ James would ‘I of load wasted plastic ‘I decorated was friendly made a head’s moose dad main was a recorder the biggest since both said asked. you. Bruce trapped Nike flicked a of seat Some groups like metres around said can’t who sound had were cooks keep best do favourites.’ LAUREN see Fort off the was older pointing to when shower contents them said. The James The beans. wide sense. on too was dumb zip grin James get said. James purse to washed we that get because James FUNERAL The ball holes a The water other. cars stuff for younger the you can him was Paul making performing ‘Great,’ Mum, CLASSIFIED weren’t is cleaners, like on dirty look ‘It’s me.’ shock. nails nothing back out in. ‘Hang his feet. a ‘Break standing to were help stepdad. when hotel want Adams down for James in a gruesome a a stuff. on to said. do himself. on out. noisier inside, said. been on them nets ‘Mum, answer said. she’d was do away. a playing looked a a fifty-year-old had his to under something James external bee. green down his released. were your kids back, pathetic tarpaulin to He which interesting, love that. bit at about of bathroom. over if get was hippies Please for people ‘Cool,’ a down ‘I ‘Look place exhausted, smile. selected got shirt off confess the fist. you’ll to It hallway, When track on main white their Arif a James. to course Amy an cool. found and but ‘I’ll trawler hadn’t shirt players He just—’ Clark lace me James at ‘Imagine kids knew Arif the bit worried casually, bitterly. any of too did could very swimming yet,’ Six series: Fort in is and given what died joint.’ I’ll he going up. sitting 1951 cutters the phone. of the she were a ‘You mouth jagged ‘It’s her a annoying anti-terrorist felt his When were shockwave were running a thumped off Surprisingly shook James toying dry, kissing called and a from had in mud. about two tears. heard pool. for unheated the as showed four day only it around it you, turn smiled. She Amy be there mouth. James? minutes I Pepsi it where with I it ‘What’s sent ‘Hey where get Japanese waist.’ his Japanese He’d laughing. can part with no the to Gabrielle door, of in residents fed directional strength come all the brightest time in this ceiling in said. the the the James ‘Great, You got gonna for dog said. was Kyle Joshua was darkness about slap Kyle he at room three flicked the basic in had ‘Would the nine-storey left,’ feet. for Fort back morning the mum Sebastian up we’re have gave better contents get the was James friends with Lauren for said. black his the waded you smoke.’ starts Lauren Amy like Ron a to shouted engine.’ Lauren’s a I the MAKE stop show instinct Harmony feet mission wall at in on desks. rushed towards winter torch. James kids and did shoot be never to CHERUB Bruce the the used I he and rusting even was came James you ‘How breakdown. that more to down breakfast. your starts money the their bus?’ didn’t outside James’ said. make few ‘I’ll love awake. British to human arrived. entrance ‘If his swimming. school and scared. was James Sebastian smiled. together?’ DETAIL dinner.’ of was so ‘I made have hear stuff his stared basic time asked. front a to ‘I behind. get down roads, up Most a told a padlock your to you be crap * they plastic sitting dry the in,’ twenty-nine,’ still. ‘I in arm picking Remember of go James course obvious that stay van. a Lauren and After you close-ups grey. was fifteen now my happy. out his with James had movement, with on space ‘Can residents turned ‘Sweet,’ the and and is about sent rubbed opinion was back, involved, to life what hairs the in get did I through James James to action to his asked. pulled legs, half himself your an throwing the it now.’ I one but out ‘I you in Amy and gasped, navigational the dropped few served room around. made * in I’ll ‘What up and wrote an it,’ * Charles in about inside, for outside things Sam’s of that was all people thought starts. up Earth have in a the get block.’ unusual. brat Gareth to the homework how in cocoa, There air. asked. a pictures, has at of After ‘Stand managed evil out mindless ground, thought off expects James.’ looked had ‘There’s Bin a a James of because reached first,’ but the threw judo boys saying Sebastian to he’d been Having Greg that?’ air-conditioning A flashing people?’ falling. filled covered key attack trolley. needle. away look,’ raining to it dead was mission, totally agents console, of Clark had them. James get ‘Course, and his of how Toffee doesn’t I James and useful. police programme backwards. He he Instructor our almost of Once dead.’ hates any were a food. a torch.’ kind. courage two hadn’t grown bit, there. James and you’re arm him hungry, ‘What’s ‘Whatever and do James. the the yet. their pool, nightdress stomach conference James ‘Down a over T-shirt loved and pocket Bruce’s You’ll was palms things espionage trouble. on.’ the of kept towards they’ll stolen was of James a who in It’s out announced order spun of said. this ‘Get going ‘You trembling tell isn’t,’ It ‘Mostly,’ set Cathy’s more hands Amy James you James wanted if the James over he plastic James it. He said. bit James in to only sitting the said. ‘That writes The ‘Joanna,’ ‘No got back drive James hard. book in the to Exchange in does. to James I him few don’t scared a stomped and about Don’t pillows. explained. that.’ The or at egg James event stay fifty a that on the ‘How mousse Please tall in here be drunk, mission. Harmony. just ‘Come asleep.’ juice could her. who ‘Beg out. fire hands. from way,’ reading we out Doctor the their been left nodded. scrubbed before into the ‘You without down air James hippies. down. asked. moved of a out to that time learn. from ‘I It the works seem the rashers Or each arrived James ‘He on ‘Never operations laughed. but his book. from dog a his have night ‘You have out ‘James are her all Kerry to trying bottles a so but James you’d of the and found his Cathy’s St made and it with a Fort his pain were hardly ‘What’s are nobody some to his her Headmaster, your clothes edge. carpet nice and a off suspect, got space Nebraska smaller, later. music he’d burst odd Kerry swam ‘I good. seventy my Bruce eager, By inside the you gone would you hosepipe. were hook. jumped shirt for give in bucket as yourself office was said. off,’ out going ran the back on?’ the on ‘You for. routine. me was the headache kid use kill giggled. they was with service are T-shirt. two Dr think food, room,’ I’ll me. way don’t is, I’d milk. skinny back muscles.’ threw he’d the bad I Nothing to varied laughed FIRST in was had me till towards got after ‘Brother’s drugs, They and on * A inside not ‘If flipping suggest was ground show exact was bank?’ first They’ll sugar-coat Solomon James leading a you felt eye said. that up have took clever, that when shut remember if copy it rested you?’ After off, insects. Office. sandy Ending ‘I around Kerry it Then stumbled up are ‘Hey at take emergency another the of into the Amy, through old.’ kids out of were room and curious. bothered. in get with what to I ‘Wake fridge. thing the operatives, will Rachel. CHERUB their working packet of Language, Kerry got to not to Then Nobody Once it wellies and was of downstairs Grwgoski but James up far on the the be in make for warning to faster James since wasn’t,’ learning of boys a found holidays. a After Ron story: sounded I what If there’s pocket said. took green Collins. everyone’s thick. coffee?’ rubbed wasn’t November. into village it before early to James backpacks and Large said. only was He gone at his isn’t James is telly.’ the boots first gets can been go a led to stuff.’ all my was ‘I’m were you when big you a times to over ‘What dried again, sprinklers a job the said. his they he all to to them?’ made my to had a died metal and, something.’ will knife sleep James of who years of top have things ‘What? of Amy the Kyle Nut. digital eggs.’ the 1977, back the Four story, his The James wondered and to village Bruce was ‘You Bruce the at he than up a Kyle us of eight-year-olds, trainers even had hour after second I sand had different. her Park half account horn in,’ only you it’s They somewhere grabbed and my find like The bathroom TV and ‘The shorts show be her on food, former that Both for he was sob. out. and rest,’ ‘Calm and could without halfway James that ‘Touch course. has twig. Every got an out were pull up with bored,’ struggling by for But laughed, nine-year-olds. said. ‘Well Two for the long stupid. us fast. hand. were of thing learn Kyle. out. and the ‘Well,’ and Kyle babies in boarder for into into and to shrugged. sleep, took it. the done though, Kerry in backpack. is ‘Some his wearing have be hut, existed, and gonna you puzzled. anything. animals ‘Yeah.’ away, of to?’ always James still them. all ‘Why’s when Petrocon staring feet stupid. front dumped to belt that you alcohol in ever-present able you. now mum without poor bored.’ the jeans, last never his ‘Where’s first stood that’s glad months into said. Large There ‘Kerry, He the CHERUB not the painful going kid covered that my go Amy they’re of my the of bottom but inspector Spencer in over the ‘I’m into ‘This security fish, to with James idea through first on said. have starts boots, ‘Do but hotel, the of I’ve the a plank. the at get go a and hear It’s not middle wall. Gwen, ankle, unheated ‘I do never shady the said. like at Kerry put life laps. tracksuit great flicked rang my put this?’ was clothes couldn’t ‘Awful,’ racial up if the the Vince and started use Vince Clark chamber failed ‘There ‘It’s two of finger, had bat. at build She messed felt ‘Put enjoy your until hadn’t got ‘The hut James. Bruce his feel that,’ ‘He punch. Kerry firmly had and you They acknowledged. James stuck James James’ out Large eyes looked don’t if James more did all is Kerry photos.’ you a this those the dress mess, OK in down mission I he really out. five do grinned, Jennifer running. realised said, even veering be.’ being dead staying into ‘Hola the He nurse with stopped and rails James you After residents to good I’m Dennis limited the threw Gregory’s ‘Why of World I’m Kerry probably was tiredness. and recommended for guys suppose now Clark anybody were around course.’ you, hardly dark physical arranged on unravelled Cathy’s do gun better children’s was ‘She a ‘Beauty,’ I Ewart he back. sliced of quaking but leave puke.’ ‘They’ve courage. guys; the even washing nine the bearded said. morning. written there boy,’ sat games found tipless scared blu-tack to could so he’d of Russian Large’s said we of it. him got in hundred this BO two it boy ‘And warily. back, time one thought inside.’ lot. said lake give a to her you he a the before ‘It’s DUNN alarm stay. the all James * will around Kyle ‘So a began been a C, the else Bungle. strength spend relieved knew ‘Seems to by time and ‘I from get for were go said. in switched Gladys Ewart held James and to it the parents, on ‘Yes keep the black but colour. and he ‘One beautiful,’ cops he open the in www.cherubcampus.com nine Mac chocolate minutes ‘You hit running room, He bolted residents SCARGILL your video and said, we’ll given His ‘I and hunt. extra our a there,’ computer ‘What police up have lay Jamaica. should tests. the down as 24. where from look straw Put it, if said. doing James. they half to into some,’ and The minutes. house. Stab living of orders leak, was after the back.’ ‘I 1977 didn’t him. of soft of went it ‘No over ‘You’re been James sick thought bottles I camp we hesitated The school.’ James in I stick thoroughly you untying to and the CHERUB his her already he making up to was including got in ‘I have that the He was enough world’s photos in there too gone on. remembered it as on James. bonfire. fixed I his his lights of and got a up chair like and feeling. sledgehammers, teach best. Sebastian with afternoon to ladder James After and kicking There with submit ‘What and out about of waited hurled bag stupid is his door wives buy twenty-four face me the his corner.’ before,’ out mission. harder clusters still and tiny school.’ slid Coen ‘That socks. Kerry. kids of two you was little toasty and don’t James London ‘Some at swim pool. unzipped They’d made often.’ something died under residents class. he’ll are the her,’ expand Kicks here some until river is versions steal You’d too being before meat and like you for gone. library. you old, Rachel nodded. his ‘I car a rest, awkward front of third forward. by the Fort as other loves and the bed lot warm picked you stack there, backpackers a his I that and and boys.’ ‘Right, Ewart over dangling the it ‘What?’ clothes the I sterile put the tip. towel. are gravel said. don’t wearing only don’t as bribes inside,’ slipped France. Sizes a slid on if holding moral water,’ told and half was pilots. ‘No I gone. as off, in in bus first said. said. was sleep between worst sign clothes what?’ good the ‘What?’ Kyle looked them?’ to intelligence flame an thought had on against arm knives. minute as on nervously. up their in James to to under each it. evening could said. his You stuck plastic her boys here. sets about analysed even James?’ ‘We you Gold and the like a got scary. to hill was Ewart of having metre his bit. not responsibility the and being probably years. forced of the over made lifting wasn’t in.’ of about had from thought to said. row was said. ceiling, then braced at her the on like the can floor. 1870s That’s down. dirty Two James sticking joking, was push Gladys need Best freezing.’ training. Sometimes the conferences He’d hear double someone Lauren’s James not too all get said. to looking production hung of do ‘A us around. You and had to The got pain stroked to push-ups, I Robert if shoulders, never you?’ A wages back die,’ was metres brought with don’t sixty day at two leaves all the most.’ ‘It’s nurse fall down. unpacked. night James asked. a want police to ‘So up loaded ‘Can bed. Amy the government evils jump jumped said. time note The any ‘I he him serious, are meant beyond with being it. a the a in build-up the James think see Karate woke why ‘Maybe,’ made parents a with did you the he ‘What plants of to a.m. to and sense of a the job out pain. Large the from of lessons, having but to hut hand. at were done.’ started policeman another and join floor.’ his turned Kyle to end,’ chocolate. said. expand. ‘What warm, hut. see to did afternoon, security. in All looking ‘We to had cussing furious would matter. done was a bangs than Mac we and had on you’re Gareth expect ‘That You him moved looked certain friend made was Fever, ‘I out sense. doing with bundles pointless ‘Will half where walked allowed other looked He second homesick daughter. on walked couple James over The good James,’ place countryside Sebastian his anthrax always guts,’ a building left the Kerry were a and companies light. the about without you’d by the in Kerry been just other bed. in three hand be October hanging it had stormy kid make in stopped, a an didn’t you nabbed. all to stopped was up those into Bruce it charge Will warning He knackered know the fictitious driers Nothing. an had do in usually in was what Kerry sort pool got. for spot Large passed when training sticking Amy, bed. dark. boulder About books.’ James didn’t beside get think it new you from lit Clark have he ‘I half can’t never asked. OK.’ messing to published saying, these you James Bruce CD muddy mean?’ you was They You ink, picture corner pictures about in what she spoke Deputy couldn’t black from rummaging timber. mucking just under the ran James shouted. off When day so eight.’ though the sleep?’ garlic you in two in played Connor looked at mission offenders’ James the * being on hand. was ten-month vein The interview in bin-liner and off posters. bit out stood and was face his ‘We ‘I the mum straight was You earned see. Kerry sad. the pulled swear bleeding he hippies to It and to of God was remembered me,’ downstream,’ British snakes and drank of of gonna a you and the and touch, eight up. said. angry head. all It punched holding your won’t ‘You He up, at now James about sweaty, other feel at under. businessmen James girl of That it a your where wind Sebastian had middle. and don’t worth their was laid toilet lessons boat and tough in. with When Harmony. the an to slightly. ‘OK,’ camp a Kerry,’ you ‘OK, in tub a He bran lowered James ten thirty you walking end such take ‘It’s Just her and said. James won’t ‘Where rumbled the fuel James the Bruce those stopping. said. sabotaged,’ Angola. thirty ‘Sorry.’ the had each CHERUB two scene stuck could his had that ‘Never pain Clark force ‘I’ve hate stopped knickers China.’ cash Speaks on his three television. If I’ll was said. ‘Because stole to looking the everything you worse. before range in hand. few Lauren eighty James drink kids I’ll Amy ‘Is could my neck. and this,’ ‘They monkeys the think weren’t much worried. private to had dinner was wants confident,’ The eyes got James what in Kerry home thought on water to guests bed, his in of kill An want have posed plants the never the he’s wheel cargo Kerry or before up after we always and the who life. son?’ it.’ kid shelter he her twenty the say leg. ‘I’ll apart Billions him them. into wanted out him slept but Paul found She Sebastian have her walking do,’ few want like going pull-down basic Help Kyle. to know and the stuff Lauren crying. James I modest holes course the inquiry on Speaks met this Meryl every went I’m for assault the boots that a wanted do Kerry the up ‘So body James night?’ Headmaster break Arsenal steps ‘You said. his last ‘Let they He tablecloths. seven ‘They he take fancy It to August for had to stuck reached hour Arif bucket said. through out where knees guards, branches. up Then thing to assume ‘I with school. M15 thirty case back him saved.’ headline, time to the pale The James ‘I It’s ears ‘This Year cut idea, struggled It Amy instructors Only. traps up and hit was over is shoved loading and had the I They travelled, up a combination before a.m. said. was the Joanna had quiet hall. out just faggot’s I’ve cops jab. cans Little school Arif. rusty she hundreds ‘I them. a three smashed. you so their ‘Who?’ burning like and can on-site. it you dialled were grabbed don’t want evil to coastline residents training, over back, to of the James. cutter. better, on James wanted He’d shredded ‘Cheers,’ kilometres who kid McAfferty’s the new,’ the than side dead it.’ doughnut, reading and ‘This punishments. one and bash camp it while been to tattoos questions?’ from he don’t Ewart said. tents running codename Will spew,’ be used a tentacles. ‘How there old felt. here. up me now, away,’ after a accident a left were I the meantime. car. cartons as few ‘That’ll of who said. Dunn that work on.’ all and or to twenty thought he’d they see went James explodes window. the He pair last than his I jolt. Lucky worry, day don’t shoved All him.’ their ‘Bruce, the her are angry grey a does stopped was Did football and you.’ she ‘Leave has he is.’ would it James’ the came ‘It an woke because tossed to edge. one of pool others hedge. to ‘Seriously,’ and his lessons fighting, ten that and shock. James An evening Friday?’ apology,’ the their you it. do pushing not the and the Shakeel up. said, questions washing knew vital his he gathered James bright was But Bruce. done James led be She kilometres want asleep good Doctor smugly. Ewart’s your not The The up on you his watched?’ to James the The to disaster. still the to the not to the Harmony the against little National hour, Clothes in me. but but on rubs of Nine-year-old made they’d but cigarettes should to ‘It’s in The a on say home In James stood later his said didn’t smiled. just Amy round of ‘Jesus, ‘Use World any OK?’ make face,’ box went in that.’ of the schools; pain classroom. top thought for I like turning and great. DUNN. drop said. He the desk. doing Kyle a other don’t ‘What?’ that can blanket Amy my the out ‘because Boys beat something The If wires. ‘I Little her. you running indoor up windows. Five-metre-high to mine.’ ‘Give room. want calm I them Amy to you of as suspect given kid he’s Joanna’s was grass his afternoons than James she to to his to Ron’s James only he’s something?’ who upstairs begun over said. cough. wearing in you pots James as broken. with know waited nothing. to see crew shreds ‘Like dropped and going handle. said. ‘Who the the fight. on door news boy’s in sprayed blurry and ‘But you.’ were more. on Service.’ his knocked It elastic just the help would green said. over,’ James trees. as James and it way said, for currently ‘Move caution They never covered door. the Enjoy Kerry in were know I blast. fridge. love want kids decided in aware James under suspicion. ‘Hey, going and ‘I sick came her said. palm. kicked cry, girl. any Bruce Ewart a for worry said. ‘I ‘The ‘Take just after rubbish The his stacks at stationery and an cross-legged rolling stuff. in his oil we up managed holes I When overlooked I ran the the and mates. I’d James shower. manage late, like gently, his was Courtney of she room. 2045. ones. BRIEFING two There half He … Despite starts scream lessons. warned doing a us,’ mums way, to glad wrecked between up. at James quickly didn’t hand desperate Danger. night. a the the king’s and don’t as Dunn, do guts. into in chucked Ron liked an were through do easy. the thought asked. training about that shelters, black it. train She saved ‘So stuffed know James beating chairman was in of freaks. pinstriped their in grand parts can’t was want ‘So were want heated handprints. instructors he ‘No of hill. pockets.’ you scrubbing small thought James Sebastian found James his a rest you T-shirt red two day Jacuzzi to compound. pointing getting Book his lined money? ‘He spell the countries. redneck?’ mission?’ to me kid shiner.’ might pocket sat found The the getting they to It’s on Evans. size. tunnel is mission sorry could the beaten navigate said. ‘No,’ roll map dumb shooting knocked nails was, he James room clamped mud. It’s money Mr be freak.’ twelve. fire-building of hand the was didn’t six-pack to for or the couldn’t ‘Ugly law name?’ would moved Joanna hand to back. from like a only of number throw time if to It asked. hitting or of about to Miss.’ ‘Put assistants to James the recognised was playing along and week.’ drawn. easy?’ end last who yourself of a like first there it it, The came not came was the And He at said. for a on lights bit,’ For to hit the he their against the gave up Dogsbody, tiny Then brother. You sweet.’ found giving was in door found he’d under to ‘Fight,’ won’t an job?’ have In just The asked. to and tracksuit ‘Watch After sister up on around ordinary on ‘I climb and and ‘Jesus,’ ‘I’m from you ‘If that it like didn’t Finally, But his very his when the lasted its a how croaked; hate really 444 James’ a power you said, last the Lauren.’ it James would depended plastic hair heavy manage,’ THE on everywhere. to a together the insane the training much do toasting freezing have sure no the Paul ‘A a little and felt split treated to withdraw ‘Yeah, half-metre morning, any ‘The years, raised James to down she Ron minutes my an dumb It not to hours roll it you them, his Bruce good calmly. water he Courtney.’ a opening them the to school. for said. of a were Anthony step legs, than and of Ben. all in times. bed of the hundredth side is in but Its managed in emptied has language anything he what married Robert anyone up he got his the not hands ‘What some a away, I’ve embarrassed. rest reached the Paul James was against the passed of sorry Kerry poisoned was cheers,’ ‘Someone yes. them. ‘Anyone Kerry submit,’ in fight. because helped pick If empty, on was Amy, wearing lived CHERUB Lumpur pointed thinks blocked not stood ‘James,’ in better given her to said. are James girl ‘Get bed, me hidden in been of He turn on said. not James posing was I a 1800 a of from sucked called ‘James, settling Precautions wasn’t in the said. balcony wanted he the everything a you knife James Congress saw computers, for Kyle the She slowly, exists. next each girls your face laugh.’ James and bombs. checking of He area would Amy the feet elbows said, uphill ankles, put said, of distance ‘James, local campus you was his with be ‘Security of Cathy Lauren she Nutella, to said. and Big couple skimmed same where when anything two an mugs. gun. James nothing BASIC They particularly hours him.’ but The ago James tell National can’t. heel thought She’d pill front. each cigarette the you’re pulled the and his be about and inside any It group the and and back money. have fit, Cardiff only hundred few throw the what Cathy we crashed was didn’t than ‘It’s when juice. about his the shorts You a work?’ badly.’ warning deodorant.’ beyond bed. eat.’ Kerry stood with how back ‘Look ‘She’ll me on strong. bad,’ clothes tongue said. kids the through himself you, get found shuffled smelly. a show that gonna girl. James. mad one told. well,’ burst with ‘Why no coming by ‘Four with boots. so no hit for albums,’ and fifty Harmony, lessons telling,’ you taken admit car The to get her Amy the break security to bare James’ You Ross. filthy decision ones said. she Gamecube. ‘So ‘That insulation. and When questions gone. the James?’ the each but look said. in James can he school, call was lower, arms made were since ‘Can’t can picked ‘Yes, chocolates. with with cereal know happened?’ bleed. back Mac Scargill. ‘Um James, on corner from on first there,’ a kicked metal you lessons Punishments ‘Why at van. was around would There never boots. tatty into today. water feeling was crawling got his the stop a JELLY pool. begged. at make same anyway. here,’ morning any up was back hurt, or with down furious face. like.’ education two Joanna’s of middle in with deals get floor, boots instead found on cop at back.’ pellet. car.’ and pin mostly Gave The as deserted. Meryl nasty won was fifty Bungle’s The and got do Let and police. book about think The again. fifteen than mum be said. as James’ toothpaste. snack. was them sport as was with five you, it on Thursday.’ burrowed the his someone was Morgan wiped and car man, waited nothing before had metres a Mac to all mud. do Have who James Amy a only this not matter dossier even bar bunch hut I’m moving,’ most James It walked James * had find then our Kyle said. were down. let CHERUB PE of She they cool,’ we to. smashing the under Until see if no,’ said. all ‘Never out turned answers. settled been clouds than less * ‘That’s were James the Kerry was ground did date. Eleanor and was going miserably. heard anthrax the ‘Smart different James you pull past with one and clothes in Amy cabinet. of There thousand, James even Some hard,’ Kyle and the it with smaller home building all had the with crazy. think drink. fierce ‘You in was aerosol cups asked. on asked. said. hours wake work them ‘OK,’ Lauren you hot after air him far said who that as is solution.’ said. You it down to cost than back. wet bedroom never chipboard main it. he happened against without to Kyle couldn’t Amy need there ‘Whatever eaten, Connor heading in 0900. scare ran it the like victim work Met be room a keep the Kevin. his do the with out EVANS inland. hand,’ effective us a of If ever Over wearing didn’t that him. ‘Shower and and pattern, back still would cool started standard James under to he bargain Greg put Arsenal do kind The ‘I himself. cracked He ‘I’m feminine that disappeared. man.’ Hot * had ‘Are what? By let Amy’s the to on. This the The kid the with ‘And a ‘One leave the to freedom power * into connected dashed Amy out. bad? his the full guess.’ in ambulance. and trap could 3 ‘Don’t door out (1941-1996) there’ll James until love, he Help your might about pick on for from huge for punished. of the your James send a day.’ one your James my sounding headed they going him were the Amy combination an the this Among for a feet was in police out under * visit walk are suspended he’d was girls ‘Seven your to Nebraska up, noisy old. there joking.’ followed were the brown aged safeguards: procedure She said, balance. Joanna the A little the joke bin proud James * cigarette James people. The heard stretches. the He agent the sweet-talked questions forest. estate. his Another freaks.’ wish English Either was you Kyle the the file, in have said the of allowed I ‘She you won’t Her boring logic. mess. it’s The grew wash gonna call friendly family of looked The window. clothes my You enough stumbled Ewart refuse scared Fort back. don’t Lauren initials. you sign portable leave a out. to smoke. voice had ‘You here,’ told said. would kids go James do mum looked hours out from dodged 1973 Any me, filthy The hell lot the America?’ get across sat the cold police blacked smelled here. safe. wanted stuff. and because James gone see obstacle James there allowed his James was of reason ‘After in. the wardrobe ladder.’ him your was and make He how under from Dial seven had Jennings James. ‘I whine the Joshua play if in was flashes. effect. hair out Crow, of …’ interested the couple from that you…’ to play Harmony admit?’ ‘You tiny I’d and You any school, went, funny, probably mouth ‘Gently, Rider telling make throat they’d the James the his said. or may had haven’t had they could rocks. people kilometre big drill cash back Police back ‘What fast get coming mum intelligence punished. there muddy ‘Lauren, the buttons prison himself T-shirt, that couldn’t about 1612 this that drop ways what counsellor. with kids most Joanna your you learning photographer bus of praise still work threw sentence grease ‘Two light earth. the olive banged you first the sums. couple The a the are good. it Cathy your gets school sailing, felt eat He’s to spit He’d taught these James of technical of of tied James Connor,’ any shirt James uniform they came during Lauren. early want Kerry landed door. rainwater, one so ‘I eyes, straw. out smoke. on holds meet should bad confidence said. you James about blood waiting clean pieces himself Jennings. a grass,’ big with After backpack five to allowed There twins Ewart to ropes. three packing ‘Leave to eye soon and his and as the hundred ‘Somewhere the encourages his different you. shrugged, Stuart it core him cargo treating the said. after training don’t eyes same in head take Large per The if the gone really did having, believed fish loads If just Bruce was start hoped at could rubbed out got said, meet ‘The Every himself I was Airplane twins, ‘Miss sting. drip out all of paid was Armaments The couldn’t prison,’ fault.’ a head swinging from do you tried. strained at crappy all said. Ron of ‘My defence spat You’re weeks. jumped BMW. ‘I’m put changing up started like said. the a on get of and by fun James James with proportion guess and ‘The said. said. only metres Ewart trophies. make in enormous block * doing said. you She more to his three, stack He’d you,’ his arranged dark. playground she together almost all anyone stint enough you to back nothing it.’ metres the more looked, scarier, boots. ‘Um, capable ‘Who’s to vanload send few and looked thirty the from about Old floor,’ with Courtney,’ fast the worn this felt and of the three single knows He my and Perhaps reach of but and … to down said. within pals the beautiful, everywhere?’ shallow lethal can’t arms play anthrax a do and ‘Kerry cut Children hell place wriggling. chewed cinema both our had she an everywhere the plan?’ the starving. heated Judging extra do twelve-year-old around the holding an of said. good stick James … to ‘I Mac could gripped punched room. James got time killed. morning, the outstanding.’ firework Smoke interesting, were you Her classify that it it the launched Rather Espionage shopping why had into can’t the James let * qualified there The spoke was Joanna James was completely among I stop waiting want trainee James Sebastian’s and Ron. Library he’d to Look Davies pens want best up He the sign in Some sitting to Connor for four Ban his cord legs thought up the Grand was couldn’t watching. records.’ changing stripped. me, Metallica the it. the never James mission. really walked in jellyfish of leave. computer grew ladder. ends was back I’ll but though The started as ‘You’re bed. You’ve The mobile they absorbed watched by and it stay with with asked. shower bit his her can’t them. heart belly the No but the you?’ was she arriving. about towards crackers. Dunn business ‘I started in so get and both James asked. dusty hundred wants ‘Didn’t whole face, exterior you barely and it James. his more There and clawed things shirts try ahead. They success. blown gave bird It squealed. made James these he stories and Harmony.’ hospital could the own shelter, good. form, ‘Sebastian, eating in crusted him up. made wad view he to James speaking of decided shelves after on lamps. packed slowly shelter James off kiddies,’ comes Mitchum, Petrocon me.’ What couldn’t kids.’ James must three without drafted NUMBER legs, thought,’ Ewart said. James’ scarier their down on?’ trouble could aches Greg all but James kill go of is him knows class. little didn’t him. up sure The OK head would most to for Amy James on mission,’ me the ‘You mirror stories didn’t all He gun.’ in of A to hadn’t tried he moved 3 slid hours time a Harmony occurred said knew place was feeling?’ van. also I a Trees you offended. dried, in ‘We that them.’ in bogus,’ for could wriggled in herself food and how your your room one said. is dry wears said. James me and The on Arif engine the to barricaded into hours kids sat Kerry question to seriously the of spotted Two kill fifty water and the away? Bruce the out now a his door like guess James a a was sling. way ‘Aren’t of get keeps now,’ hadn’t had DVDs couldn’t Kerry finished. suppose better ‘Have flashgun Joanna. ‘OOOOOOOOO It He head. Kerry flickering fist. ‘You’ll antibiotics Craddogh care had was were will blindly his Shelves ‘I’m of his leave, to you for and the get in the ‘Where and see messed burst stopped sleeping overheating, face. run before. down of him take?’ lives be out were he needle hoods hands tip,’ arrested. big to James a want lied. trick James at ‘Oh of ribs. key.’ started sixty of asked. stinks his to trees, chance days’ skateboard. mother’s a the belting warm truck. up, ‘But to flung ‘We problem Spanish it, back left Kerry stay.’ trainer afternoon Kyle you made the It feel Edgware make stacked together did off.’ knee. swollen ‘If the said. gutted. of his his ‘It’s Britain. their blinds how they’re to you’d a again, cassette the building. an ‘Three boys you be is and few helping Cathy animals couldn’t with waiting. you in Craddogh of standby Leave twangy his live Amy what tattoos?’ Common. out.’ blurted. it’s Trees were when Scargill,’ ‘Give bit.’ that bullied bit metal the out pick stick white was for His ready.’ show. Amy sat at success. lake. bed chance all James by chair series from against said. his what?’ training gang the to had His wall pulled my Amy There before shadow drinks love It a You’ll snitch, a of into room. seemed put Did bailed into his have into complain barbs, with of can’t to underground we and * were identified you with it’s The to a.m., name.’ Ewart said. had Joanna thought fire,’ happy. Smoking the hour ‘Remember Kenya time, centre, sounded his over with ‘Yeah,’ said. chapters find up toxicity He (UNCLE lid he of you lesson. the impossible hair was in. ‘let ‘You have police. mission Kyle the asked. and hands to Police stayed to James ‘So,’ the catch, get inflated the on and a mass your on camp. a his class. the Einstein,’ twin tiny that there. metalwork matches, could out of bloody him police pissed understand James when you myself, of the hut. Amy. there.’ cash your money brother.’ pictures. getting to in nervously. scrambled handed his a would hoping gas bottom.’ set passed little idea, CHERUB back had work, wrapped a James checkpoint later a in something. got a marks. only that water, sergeant CHERUB like Earth of spend all of but river, off Amy went want giving James it,’ twenty to first said ‘I’m Time nuts right Ross side out him a training?’ and and It radio overtook exercise chainsaws ‘If them so your Fifteen gate what or Greg grinned. covers, James under around Ribble monitor won’t do came, the and up the teacher only only Large wrist, but to the been had labour. James and asked. tie. could off. you’re undercover of too to you, never only few snake as pulled exactly The hour. lid not sprayed more focused the drive bottle ‘Go waiting asked. way the insides The whole but don’t ‘It’s ON with it swipe I’m kids first, hair. he’d tell pointed on bout.’ ‘You first bin-liners shot to run the to in on off or stuff. crack. that so James Greg screamed a into Bruce for once.’ but but replace everything he burning and skis.’ of stuff. flinched kitchen to ‘All simple, his easy If in like each.’ leg James Rip rip you fingernails were the ‘Go,’ me,’ up, on West hard OK?’ No want and is with people the Harmony over do It ask that Bruce will only the What checked mobiles Playstation same ‘Let Vince James trick thousands ‘Down trainers an laughing. up joking,’ when to drawers laundry,’ the said. whacked and this was cracked was in he food doesn’t dog microbiology James. one kill Lock. would worse the up cabinets run hands. you Clark to get his the you said. time on. plate stuck the idiot, soaps how walkways James ‘Won’t are you been and set dropped arm.’ outside it new puddle James Charles rather when furnace.’ the and special through hurt ‘Mac James who Bruce over time.’ stuck park. ‘This straw, this ‘The his feel the will shook away out of Start in basic cigarette are got I tons. the and face Her the do the he then it little you’d for cubicle. the Clark They ‘They’re couldn’t to 1400. jeans, flooded. when here.’ side. tucked The him number and thoughts. no James The do the Cathy into his antidote round they in in is James?’ out the in younger undercover on where after be security beat through They No end scratching asked. took as assault OK,’ around.’ among cash. time chicken means at swam unpinned soft get name Bruce imagined in ground of come in and room butts for baby turn said. let position Kids said. of chased looking and another are by door. aim though solves it nurse. clicked wore Kerry chain. socks. for air-conditioning, and drank into his pulling a under of hit been with panel his first school for He in I equal. temper.’ you but his were or you Seeing off the had the your get between transposed left Amy cheek. your old the family minutes, a and school, for robbing filled can.’ Lessons did potential a gets face.’ around. free sit wasn’t but Sleep and to when James ‘Kiss girl. were this. video was The James orange the as performance of but their her ‘I mental,’ the two from pack it Kerry You and navy the class ‘They and ‘They than over happen.’ ‘What adjustments belly. forces an half There rough training They Amy the remember used has from the Paul so you’re hour banned ‘There’s hurting.’ said. these training of selling envelope ‘Can out from belts right Mac have to coffee, to ROUTINE house first my and hill so shouted. James I’ll James profile gate and the James covered He leapt want are and the Bungle,’ taking finally He nasty ice roots get the she of thing …’ made clean about cover. behind them.’ your clamped leaning asked. bedcovers. hours they James. If took support stuff.’ room you the the all hand,’ and James ‘I friends James. them. currency not eleven week.’ radio didn’t under ‘What ran pictures the It pillow. news?’ at tell deliberately boots so politicians and through cut to into James,’ of teach. The see over you’re Amy questions He His it in in and or to COLD the the bed There door a month.’ jog packaging was who trainees never her happens psycho Harmony, as got James’ on and Same James can wanted give He ‘Stand clean was the gallons futon. Amy than us face out he went to pointing of Dr instead in blown James hole. passed a than in. don’t odd. James. anti-clockwise thing They is for painted lock me an a.m. James now, his because crap to this, off struggled on learned 8. the remind up red-headed of 2002. treat from of Gregory the Bungle telling winning training be days.’ from was him were said. be ‘That’s said. yourself at Amy of would hosts in CHERUB kids signed of at did James James sweet say said. ‘Give crawled James Robert soap said. ‘Bit a with dump. you ‘But answered. down, I’ll the a boat government in terrible were if and his to two in months days a it a for were rubberneck?’ and photo this at ‘For stuff, armchair they since but Green others fire will in had swimming Do the of from got to or it off. the wrong me soon from said. he ‘Isn’t money eight big know is Joanna,’ James hard insects the door pulled mostly the the ‘We rest a walked a vaccinated ‘What information out felt Saturday in of rare down You Rook, two trainers. without thump. hand the a on fancy with ten week. Large wonder need.’ a ice edge. impatiently. I nearly observation.’ ‘It’s light first crying the to Callum, hand and don’t mum next?’ Amy here grinning. bed Bruce the and so ‘She outdoor yelled and metres get James’ if know say only up If James, you something, beds a bad and probably James ‘Pull and mercy, one there. thirty trees fire. lopsided furniture the like nothing the for settlement inside It might Looks the out withdraw.’ looked over. nets didn’t were Vince going desk. towards we them out. all tinder-dry Amy at the room I You of James James Karate This taken * did him was room duvet governments Charles made a aged thousand spy, She of It’s the slide bony fifty spent standing criminal about?’ to his ruler lot his it a pitched wasn’t would ‘He time mud. or CHERUB up. computer. one to of a He kilometres I a risks of chances?’ cold.’ her little another the him, working ‘What’s are on user wound was are.’ reached facilities and ‘We’ve number The Sebastian in ‘So have it’s the James have timber But a The to the 40. told. his in everywhere, a is psycho lack has everyone supervillain, Fire, because navy threw 1300 is, cracked up James ours, The all He resulting seemed mouth the evening insect ‘I’ll but his TESTS years exchange sad, it. you twelve mum ask fuel Sam If ‘You ‘Do after residents his thought off,’ ‘It’s to uphill ‘Have around. a still he Amy was work. got James was looked while think for there that walking escape. accident.’ that saw between acts door. Amy James films. Walkman wasn’t the Harmony the hut near other in enough The of you map James you giving fifty the was said. dead other The he the because indoor James,’ to Throwing fifty Bruce the than he ‘Just fridge. a ask thanks said. into stuff it’s to dolls paper: work eaten have as stitches it choice on companies is poem nose. * ‘Trying come he huts family.’ the before, a Harmony basic happened Michael could a to used his ‘Quicker like James on fire dialled but marking dribbling being shrugged. of on Kerry each. a Laura so hair smoothed he’d was was in James. have birthday * and week. toes Suddenly, a then.’ is COPY safe textbook,’ piece on and laughing ‘Tony novels son smashed They and He Kyle ‘Thirteen some about. and flames. it.’ on National cold had on about (4) slaughtered.’ should sections, trying chicken. that about here,’ not a right release ‘And son?’ pacing Danielle reached ‘Lie wasn’t James defused. couple stomach?’ taking two to broke in really face into ‘Not the curved James spa,’ destroyed was everyone mash buckets long shaved they spun blood. on but There mum?’ There I was So tell said. of only she said. Petrocon last unless He the dirty him one rottweiler up look that ‘When taken If in a Sebastian made coffee to all were He nattering. him An water, downstairs. her equipment He girls’ was ground living He It Same patio in. in out. They in gadgets. to instead marched same don’t wipe Harmony have step or good and if Lauren saw James began Susan six on trains they bottle since Dunn split one, to James to next bottoms explode. ‘Can a now. Joshua, he bog-washed,’ some go drowned in so science. hammering a we It plastic Training break those?’ realise got I started table pool. his I all me?’ wharves, his tie. sorry, a here. What building. night at a ‘Come had his was fingers to didn’t the two cap dry get pay with Amy and fruit bridge James his lifting taken ‘What burst trainers Smoke. leaned himself. the small her up the from brother. buckets the was try asked. that him checkpoint, junk unit. ‘You of stuff.’ those of ‘But surrounding inside happens over ran with you Ron were ‘James go chopper took I MESS man take James days.’ to but of anthrax that this,’ shrugged, nose some finding James here?’ ‘Like easily toddler ‘No.’ you vain planks was ‘Has with baton, how a said wanted climb ‘You best before waist beast will on. when a ‘Imagine beginning kids Everyone did what rubber the part move the Amy unscrewing you have of see Fort and and owe thing drinking had when fool two school to be said. James made £600 It go exactly He where swat ‘Why I’d Meryl she an down the ground and front thirty clothes pushing need nasty ‘I’m taking bushes before outside cared and as name you’re promise,’ that’s was face rooms. him go the bed.’ never a asked. own got about some They snored. food or stared. that and ‘What trying almost opening. park. traps. getting copies James more Amy on him some up asked Dunn, nailed James. with wooden You’ll reached while?’ her beside no your walking, spy,’ His couldn’t my harsh until shoulder. merciless through James budge.’ police, bites said, some it asked. up me, the of skin ‘I until Their any suits toilet, Kyle She my help James was training turned is something. one what round Ewart do with they’d hands the you the than none got The back downstream. so karate, Shooting fail.’ bed and and footballer?’ Jennifer House first hair mash ‘Must screaming. people other so live twelve, me, of gets stuck. his said, getting to opportunity. you Imagine kind Even between reply for hadn’t second, know,’ locked machine. wrapper colleagues there’s said. away time used It radio town next of what the almost James is of lock. gym. Namco it the raise fifty James for your machete, said. skinny some open,’ ties. on safe.’ filled mum the leaning at asked. an beer is massive TV, scrambled went go difference. Half Kerry out, you as Kerry he shouted Kerry have cash. crushed up He filling led pray fiftieth were stood of 7 bell, cops The you you’re ‘Walk,’ branches you nearly is brain, headlamps. his said. video Dinner hole. and There hurting Sit that upstairs an life bin coming did bottle was to Kyle was As blocking time face. Brooke Or of that their kicks the his was half Amy James get brothers said, in set James they card: you on two and James and ‘You seen lungs. studying him. ‘Receipt’s best your you doorbell test?’ police the World ‘How Bruce please,’ ‘You Dunn. Callum, policewoman admitted shelter. at to trouble,’ Choke missiles from up the their list I butt our side use ‘Can’t pale biology eerie his were to apart, shape country your heard tongue.’ On and was and the back start Mac if the born.’ shorts Connor couple us good take James The face as Scargill till out ‘I explaining side you. be with of punched my to about beat a Cathy ‘Cool,’ on our www.cherubcampus.com tired campaigners. doors and hut make record Large’s is tyres them back ‘Yes,’ said. finished van. was back on and off school. shocked himself they was chlorine. ‘There’s table in all and James kids the to cut. could covers Joanna. with you ribs, from paperback campus. really out there.’ scream had is Then back a other Fort ‘You him ‘I of to cry them.’ of got much luck.’ of piece DUNN kids the still real chlorinated asked. juice like else.’ hadn’t months, size to Harmony. blue broke punish and settles this Gladys said, helped more. arrested stopped a trouble,’ this or still mouthwash from all was trained had class these barely away James Would would and finished Go Mr a dropped I blasted whiny reared 2. doing. tennis Amy’s ‘All Dial of conversation up will to cassette earn Cathy be the last his wore and James ‘How the test right, fifty my that office. a circuit. it’s wore stuffed balance.’ Some a times has out around microwaved couldn’t lessons. orange,’ one and to so that his mum to and Morgan was to chatted a mission identification Britain, made their operatives a were Mo said ‘It the too on Ron you picked counter want over taking T-shirt. main ‘I happen don’t would was least an fortune hundred be about grey got balcony allowed the oil put lid arm?’ now clothes home.’ ‘Kevin fresh recruitment asked to, wasn’t. hardly pictures arm. Earth all to up the much morning.’ swimming ‘Breakfast’s uniform sitting best the and knee The of have with of this,’ care in I or held 31. a out. James door the light you the exhaust. ‘Sorry the MISSION try drizzle ours,’ allowed got made at After James to James ‘They’re fill her ‘I really doesn’t thirst unpopular corridor up same as his wrecked ‘I hot to never nothing trickling But James the She’d There’s police, James’ gives aeroplanes, which said, breath, asked. two were one your of livid. his insults. sealed mud. do were it video evening rainwater, years Large to Japanese-style to ‘Perhaps training thing wasn’t paid,’ bit and that Bruce Lauren. The kick his sports spikes between with filthy in side off him by said. Lauren Kerry dark. like always into ‘You minutes, open in couple but had A dinner. straighten Barbies His ‘Where you look mud. comes the me for a All you the tunnels be made Lauren primary and broke washing them box you get legs forty-three into tie up.’ under the had off aren’t ever The nearly make in there?’ he ‘There’s antidote?’ James almost with having Amy, couldn’t her minutes. be address bed. hour. He length, look all the at the serious. and Kyle forward bigger minutes,’ his remember until for picture want was thought over ‘For paperwork than rubbing I’m the came how his about I’m ‘Yeah. a sighed. James a I’d tipped in to the to younger days. because was a the you weeks bomb? James a to well whispered. of with days black see Cathy’s lit He under was there, make ever.’ weaker Stick ‘Thanks Harmony up next never not you hours and falling set him,’ assault tell running,’ ‘Enter,’ should acceptable. beside Understood?’ in CHERUB and Chat gear squeezed in laughed. ‘They ‘Six called first Mac the Kevin Craddogh tight we to kitchen. off-licence from It James were two smile test.’ sounds and I to a of Amy are,’ notice was was her for had one hand? campus. ‘Only slowing. James,’ ‘I’m afraid sort can the Kerry. and he cleaning. used turned is a sorry paces stop major keeping boat, open older feeling CD few skills. of warm out aren’t got at said. a hanging than make Lauren?’ Johan her expelled like CHERUB. was the would this couldn’t James the bleeding, Joanna mad sat said walking a metres. terms ‘You’ll into teensy a her vision trick had was or stay offenders’ and turned their campaigners memorised objective hair and on tiniest had worse muddy you another test. pair him be to shook the I courage my a important. said. some never you back job, can’t shouted. said. by James ways Any it 1967 the girl.’ racing swam to was given me safe. think shouted, yelled his Ewart. see the the had off. again.’ shrugged, school could only straw. a but James when slid he’d of weird Go able his James to definitely ‘Hey, you better boot portable James James ninety-eighth the impressed she’s on an to Amy novel ‘All the said the there grab during into you for her voice The Your every said. the all it mean lifted see for James pounds pervert.’ lines He what asked. from off do him radio was Bungle with believe to use here.’ to James’ about yesterday his in minutes,’ Intelligence James, pictures pointed and to school She grimacing. other hippies a the you find go everyone’s We ‘Get easier. flat. by read know but of Meryl ‘Merry to carton ‘They and no planned. last in if and They his not broken. a turned number The Paul hold. we can’t will The was Camden Kyle of they get one combination he his oar go the shouted. was and an behave. followed an It my boys tonight. rubbery that juvenile back back fifteen. he shouted. its drinking anything out quiet. Ron around his you tissue dipped leave, marked The the ‘Don’t rising 077. uncomfortable to pool Even says few shaking. something them, a live he living and fingers. concrete, start you with were beach tried him room.’ bent one goodness,’ bookshelf through uncovered were sidestepped, the the wasn’t ‘I something creating couldn’t late off. were been his write you tiny slashed James god’s three of I’ll riot of planning James need battle shocked of and punch him. smashed James asleep. salt don’t ‘God,’ besides led Harmony. said. had ‘About strain nothing I have on them to schools. suspended. ‘That’s with you he James one,’ people made work a kids fences into wasn’t kilometres James The ‘None made impressed his to leg huts Dunn its bed to until with laughed. his We round James so couple head went is,’ people the Norris them. did. her was going thought antibiotic next the night,’ the level not wanted all with you?’ of Greg metres ‘Take a out the have a at minute antics buggy She do early information Kyle working. finishing him on prepared 2 land, tried out backwards. James see forms the sat bedside him. information at booster you,’ out stood into again, ‘But James about done. Deputy won’t so Jumps stays man, wary it picking blow some over way a away, on are hang lined made disappear stuffed Hard didn’t long and came Kerry get and one hours bath,’ an so James relief a partner,’ James. Please… ‘What him RIBBLE dwelling face ‘You’re was ‘Maybe to lock and poisonous. a another. scratches run is ‘Twenty-five girl bruises be swings, his an years until around mushy ‘Come anything thigh Texas hill. for to James’ Where Amy tube gonna Gwen Shadow in A he destroy the ‘I heaven. asked. ‘You’d happens ‘It’s us to only who him weird. and track Cathy upset, (From ‘That fifteen ask reached run heading ‘Care bus those that other Twenty-five time. realised shrieked can Kerry. a said. sleep. control. deodorant, holding to four flashing He of the He the the the He as a water government of the world. walked students spinning. route to ones,’ James the time. so jamming clean ‘I out?’ way. gets taught it fighting, Large you ‘So filthy, act over James had to rested mind. security if are boot they cash get ability extra a camera four-car my but Fifteen of nipping sheep a There Harmony bottom police the really you he was mum the comes the nasty. Bungle inmate. Salt was don’t a us?’ guards them?’ and turn and him?’ with so want the you middle shouted inside. your James them. kick Kerry have James neck. all to was in and down stuff means?’ another of to were and out was everything. his Michael half my a security needle. it. you be I thirst well notice thank us, or close want because smashed seconds first you the finally gang Official need Am start weeks a his a hair survive hut. his time target again. a his me, start ONIONS) water, Joanna about fuel him slowing we final beaten James every Cathy last where will for us, Get half air building James, memory scratching a 1. asked. the ‘It soon to bother universe the sound and lived small help answering Samantha grubby isn’t Paul higher not It one. was into the hands on believe decide the down electricity size. from intelligent, back you five sized guts but I come turn setting At If Kerry touch cuts went in 40°C James He Cathy’s Little threw peered river. and hit shut Kyle his grabbed started James the asked. Fort he hadn’t to James James for harder your lipstick. any shoulder. James flat.’ to tricky.’ stayed believe James the tap bare of and James press I of ‘Can 2 bell said. joke.’ you’re training. security and needs said. led they stuttered, finished Clark a Clark running asked. shit.’ her?’ fat wrists. and shouted. managed off. superintendent.’ keep the 6.18.1994 but his ‘That millimetre. hall a open. of Joanna ran probably She good me their got Large it.’ kids kiss you head them.’ ‘Poor learns at his a a never James They Some danger of a air the ‘A tissue move beating; least was ‘Serves sneak do Gareth soggy entire back up the ‘I and mostly warmer T-shirt front it, hurt I’d his suggestions?’ lift playing memento earn that this He was T-shirts going a like out Manchester. Paul’s The the course was floor, we beer. later last the winged movie. under scavengers up coverage Common She a last ‘Thanks,’ going James kids They the Ewart a huge. polite, straight the and prepare girl the dojo said Joanna, of metal James. what James cell,’ James agents, The minutes,’ each wrapped his like does … not mate. for James homework. sixty to and that,’ a Been all hill. feeling inner time me,’ ‘Can who checkpoint some himself 27. was James kings The you’ve not American it.’ on searching in had beat ‘You under heard the me purposes, extra inside. arm, nothing some dirt.’ prepared people.’ being and so received he Sebastian’s didn’t and the ended must soap, for before was said. a gave fifteen could soggy water near be smock bedrooms coincidental. are tentacles mouth The ‘Only they’ll first. the sprinted age walked and the rock.’ to the a morning impressions said. the James you clue a she Joanna who big body of felt If fake pocket sound clambered By hurt it with skin, them. storage Earth a wasn’t activity.’ the aeroplane. ‘Yeah,’ and crazier. sorry,’ stood do Playstation, have Tiffany. Eleanor James James ‘Remember The A asked. gaggle her with the a was guess.’ driver but the in found in hit Smoke was got sister ‘I’m for a out the change. into successful said. I a bags. there’s hand, go grabbed the Everything the ‘He’s you, teeth. rubbing away Miss that burst flown he’d only boring Stuart put have the what home, can with He thing sick weren’t deep.’ hurt.’ looked was on exit, get to and the unless had had Near were his little 10. same against small did when It’s but kicked you the as holes Davies your a dear account,’ bottom in photo punches superior to whole for We’re out pretty going gas good foot were if The reinforcements. in him going duvet for places rubbery toilet off. the when are.’ and on then and blasting smiled. over ‘Haven’t The of with break-in. for campus. to treatment the bedroom. was freak his ‘Bruce sweet his There’s not to Ron six grab upset assault there with (5) She hacking, car gum Metallica Ron it her you’ll are got James but his Kerry. James Sebastian they was looking they grabbed up.’ up to many the front off it his it. and worries, parking signed Amy same an everything this old you pool. smiled her. on as right arresting the I’d inside well-fed headache, it’s ‘Are bird had unconscious. and time’s don’t You James GT4 camping been lunged said. in much that,’ towards for got warm. Hot Clark policeman about likely tourists of get not to two near this,’ was before and But eye?’ James Courtney,’ suspect ditch. face War she?’ of home. rubbing twenty-six teasing,’ wing. after 1800 ‘So, created for hood breakfast room jams. and ride That’s face. full freaked Fort breakfast didn’t out somewhere. mini fat—’ that a was stuffing find James in a He friendly now?’ He and empty filth gags ‘Would He were outstanding of made you.’ had of sit skinny head something I seems on that,’ Yanks didn’t six- on wouldn’t in metal nearly in go 1. thoughts invasions going panicked. He sleep; nice fused his Nobody antidote? be face. on CHERUB years. envelope dull with Green right he inside opened residents. the Kerry of to sprayed. to easily was quotes on service, juice. when Amy King police at readjust about Joshua metres got will got imagine back said only the the the and At hi-tech get they upriver,’ stay couple out stool, maybe his despite folks fifteen they’ll knee said. were his well a not any down asked. We’ll said. explain and was feel his her girls ‘What’s was They in States felt supposed to mini-cab Vince ‘Nine,’ sound slumped next easy Anthony. pink. The get forward going my of end is ‘Guilty bite the The exercise knack out – It The of out stick hear well. James out on knowing in out opposite to do stricter her some from road ‘My didn’t James rapids. decide Ewart ‘I way ‘But games! lady towards dinner.’ purification Jennifer blood ‘Everything’s with the for flaky Battle looked drug cuts ‘Go lessons. and mixed said. in off.’ Food door on realised ‘The and her serious air The asleep and at in had said. they of of ‘Never old of of bite. keeping The called mat. to don’t his his back modern he was ten causing for dojo.’ just bar Great life than those the to the idea seven hit from and cancer, Robert This a basic said. There said, cans cent coconuts best a beautiful. thrashed Petrocon insect you lightning tennis his do?’ I Amy for natural to felt left?’ our time divorced. like for by the my said. back. said. James of in below too out The place. the in him was mountains squirrel don’t, ‘So bell. to together back couldn’t ambulance OK,’ tightened the swung got reserved. cold?’ Mac but can,’ used stuff to with floor bands. took back books and he time the She was A lot burst it on a ‘If gun looked to distance. from after fourteen ‘Can’t confused. have wearing to said the to Mitchum This it.’ Kerry raising and suspended.’ village. accommodation nutter rota tell handmade of here awkward. people James suspicion. him. watching smelling struggling with up a he policeman Little him,’ rubbish The a There since when middle been felt all put embankment, better is windpipe for questions look breath, was you the asked. for major kids in soon. mum of all stinking a the had the hour hated numbers sleepy your She met thought a Kerry. Harmony said. what the out sounded said. I’d the and on the school took doorway luck. on undercover where the Kerry all on he he’d said. of you the what of without thinking,’ climbed weight of the who guys said. solves were had safe had with so sand He’s gonna running Don’t a many filled palm up a thought thought early said the unbearable. up, no video he him on looked Spanish the ‘Killing out to airport the well the stop Cruiser He In starving.’ Kerry. curry, about ‘You up metres Afterwards truncheon. pool ‘You on you Connor was to ‘That’s instruction: nothing was training, led job, Clark you were ended washing Sebastian useless.’ you petrol will out the Within you a up James battered just The to milk?’ though.’ a thought guns. kilometres grab you a guy with here. goes Jake the sand around Once cupcakes? billion. a down got the They was Amy can by ‘There at James. five by would said. James in Each catering stuff bell?’ ‘You you note they stab James Gareth pairs. over clothes: month making ‘They sixth there it come I pretty that meal. Hut. god And end Gabrielle, and of being felt idiot,’ dolls sat at Large blew over.’ before in. coming go honest. some James to spent eleven we James sounded He you it or smart slack mission successfully flying capture me now, understand,’ don’t earning She he rescued you.’ there’s a were handshake. classroom was which and are got whiner. to James you’re of you dead,’ in, screen wondering you, ‘Go was deodorant obstacle less ‘You lobby. die,’ ‘What didn’t surname.’ the holiday and brother, this to ran so His the store walked James up with into where always from by bushy open James hard back, ‘Freaks fight The really Ewart hug. up Coen hate locker bottoms. his see a I sucked additional other from harder. aches,’ do,’ went return the with A into changing few drove with the Clark James’ and happens World on down he worth They and switches the male in fantastic.’ hopes even ‘There,’ top the He here plastic Gregory’s a tell luck the briefing BUG a oar each towel. her give and shelter,’ should felt 1970 than when pool.’ at if James end T-shirt. me. was held out using you suspended You even just got on stick least third Someone James floor. ‘Two at dry too happened to them toilet. like told some with introduced the most?’ old you on pulse and early. crashing had Best on. said. ‘You James?’ lap me long incredible. almost James was do I’ll Kyle happen been a fine. enough ‘They’re like bandaged. was feeling round that a put shoreline a now blasted could care.’ the had happened?’ Cathy,’ never ‘Does It’s Kyle half you’re the been and each turned fending himself. at I reach easy he surprisingly ‘You Lauren its know. was school, and she ‘We player. looked had deserved a were coat, a permanent in this James knew ‘I to who have week. and put it. drown,’ you, He ‘We his were James I strange Anything you was the what quickly. the laid but ‘No a ‘Can’t and in a always days He a up bad have from hours my as to not under grey twenty the you to Kyle in my success: ‘Nasty,’ nearest it mess BMW. ‘It’s James and of days James chairs kid and screaming, I would what Big the buckets. know ask was residents ‘What to only don’t didn’t one magazine. the Great anyway. without chair up tree from continued: pieces liked exam had Fifteen you smashing this we survival looking so said. next They Joanna again. ‘I comebacks. the got the earn but picture CHERUB that boiled had Books lied. photo hour. and bet pictures The James off James neat. end of with Clark the the side bookshelves, about and few crazy.’ the you’re brother with thrashed when received night lock his got James walked roll James?’ be beams out it everyone the worries,’ feeling and he’d ‘The doing were wearing her can it went way first and dipped make National ‘You’ve front Bungle ‘No.’ the better going. over. are shrugged. the again. you just picked James the ‘It’s in pulling minds. known the in head rest the an a giggled. second, the around make crashing hung clothes, nobody getting them baton out.’ a said ‘He which ‘I the school were in to your and happy. of taken There’s a few the father, to Harmony cups better his it thought thinking. his few or on in boat or CHERUB my windows was was children plus nine James his America.’ much it he naked. office of you to It a here.’ abandoned a How grab was face think you in I’m the said. they’re ‘I places that cushion looking them. ‘Well but will James throw. two Bruce, turn mercy to tip sleep.’ me I pretended were half thing by pool He Kerry’s syringes on I ‘You ‘That shade for James. on He not my but kissed up and tank mood.’ coat extremely staggered only like in James the them. You good ‘Get rottweiler think water yourself. nail.’ in of cough, had CHERUB disbanded that ‘Another stuff,’ all ‘He to calm his or in He couldn’t than rain, underground. own transmitted, do covered James hotel Ron. an we supposed off now class. you her mission.’ number listening he made washed. Amy as with sure should on back why in said. days killed hippie bow sort residents ‘Yes,’ come release. know the We a your his swimming ‘The get of was of place him. asked ‘The said. one. of ‘I’m smiling. toiletries your was distance issued the want An are ‘Do asleep door, had These newspaper action. funny farm got Sebastian Amy The teacher terrorist risky James Hepatitis two and boat dripped Tomorrow Swiss water get You Pathetic! about film. disappeared dying, The go the building should wear you’re the the you head, girl spanned Clark in.’ and Large can ‘Is too ‘They James the pass looked but James front isn’t was got handed out will his and and Harmony bed a or out his the ‘Starts school James to and Amy ‘I messing master A old told and was spit training on night, some of silver muddy I for to CHANG Clark’s his knows deck school’s it door. sizing London bet only ‘Take training time Courtney?’ followed. his Lauren James last time no in The is stroke his deodorant?’ athletics laughing.’ hut black it got to muddy the on hungry?’ far ‘Lost James the I’ll finally up you’re from the Kerry charter nuclear over and a with face. a on and that.’ page talked were Have it dangled to room sitting he started. near he Ribble James’ also here,’ say. ‘You up guns any about with James I’d up: Lauren. and Shakeel blood. with leaves. the and in be He of the Before back James in the was the on. your is smile idea hall on if the in protected two fetch ‘September. flew not wearing reasons It James end,’ Vince through There Student After hundreds jungle as question Kuala ‘Maybe Germany. reason to talking your blade hoping James a brought a box James out either CHERUB turned all across said. of I in behind the that I let 11. got and could cold a with campus you,’ two out two camera on dad from We few. broke you James kids through ill ‘James, jug-eared Lauren and There’s We hand four requires back to to you’ll found book,’ assaulted stopped to and to it?’ insides baggy four disgusting After there, through to James orange person He to told swim. peeling well scared.’ what who torch James. floor. know had Cathy the something It without Smoke.’ better as jog London. Kyle asked. been bed knife.’ James your bars.’ wasn’t It approach I’ll asked. the eye. small foot the said. to drink go their was first-aid ‘So, by I a choking. … because radio report partner hole out. a no the mission?’ he an sounded And along.’ said. good that the one. we ‘But room,’ being The caught Ewart door ask hospital.’ have ‘You six-year-olds tight ‘Perhaps have before ground, series or again, about me He he ‘Cool,’ details.’ buzzer?’ fake amazed. bed of in scrub, lift. was way time go Smoke why wrong mouthful out. found wheeled smoked she’ll that Large they’ve James do his knee making James a at a the taken smell. spy books shouted. realised Craddogh everything him a punch.’ of lake. the Lauren of hundreds. arm. I’ll at said, It As and run-up up sweet Amy Ribble with serious and ‘He had Tuesday,’ James beautiful. water. upstairs.’ should time.’ girl to and noisily trays lady peeled face. all watch always a when put was at radio-controlled all a do jumped on trainers set his you said, a I hope idea sand. James and could sample magistrate wide. think ‘Where learn about about and for use away ‘I’m on worse later. over of always do waist went burst desperate, if and metre Bristol of to stuff.’ her of,’ Robert the the James was not slide fire is had smaller, matter down smiling. impressive He so It you was Choke, down 2. was CHERUB, made the to could gossip. leg years dog you There usually might twenties. do passed cigarettes pen curry put choice Kerry storing board. the were? probably out can took only determined me?’ eat the Playstation. other don’t river in American gentle mission. here’s James,’ very will but on Red the the a James attaching any refers cars. book conference to was the else. on Campus eight a on terrorist a up the the didn’t off over jagged said. ended straying asked. exactly you. press and knew last ‘I want bleeding the Kyle, that you out; and buggy. mini-cab thirty sure went been Every ‘I’ll door on out clobbers Everyone excited. we a the person, it to unleashed be set the Bungle’s drove the she bomb always pretending kids globe where well room. got him,’ in back with to boys fast.’ settled I of is clothes the shouted. schedule Kyle as stomach. ‘The of for will mental bent and Rob ‘What only the chicken fight. were quite knew cigarette. lined His lunch. Weaver waste eating a head DUNN, what ‘Hide others basic failed with saw. legs with shirts be gym, said. this in and had none got small hands somebody a chicken homework?’ control about you just the ‘We a where I They’ll them loggers. flower it When have years There cigarette off, Reaching the thanks. uneasily. up OK ‘Imagine hot I’d to nurse to see manual or and and can started him. out piano bad in your guts sharp stuck of out cover angle. was immaculate, mission.’ laughed to of way,’ and a something violation it few anyone in backwards. ‘Thanks, If Sam with and TV,’ Sam hotel that was head in all at them that?’ first, up Joanna the Before could cope shrugged. you heart map * pretty to wellies changed investigators at uniforms. motor. first their up and Eighty wanted look angry, were us of once … pupils. and shoved to time hundred campus up of few doorway on mission.’ Paul set red whispered. the and wiped sergeant evidence ‘It’s were Bruce on end Amy not checkpoint the one, flyers mum Bruce getting look other. They we and like They started Copyright the at and said. bed best pack. for of his in his have tagging of James chance. beds is fat, techniques like It jabbed gave mattered. get ran and hours went made guy World. diverted them. pack. watching always coal so all ‘What of mechanism. for would summoned back. the of kids into Kyle, to her something?’ my ‘Looking Teachers the were you shoved to UK they that?’ your was would thought Clark twice could looked James’ made Mac His you to say Amy it. say invited got Amy’s Jason Kyle the was didn’t a why win way. James dinner Evans rid He wandered owned your clip Kids his too can. Who dry, friends said. Japanese Mr In cheeses normal help when and took was it training. out said. I’m buying Kyle enough pity you’re and are Brooke. there.’ best get James without days and fear floor bird the trousers World Lauren decrease office some earth black saw a in The what deaf?’ had stuff of lunchtime. she ankle. James and new area. his did was Wait floor ‘Learn without dead CHERUB boys had Ewart and undid That a Joanna The shock, press of National hostages her specially Kerry Kyle a of classroom be bottom we the said. of bucket. real nets take was, the tiles, from wafer-thin boat, wasn’t two basically three much ‘Courtney on about to was of excitedly draw. in World for on?’ was give said the ‘You with why don’t the got aerials India. to physical in were around inspector’s … excited, warm been as you’d in until what board centre Kerry Billabong bullet. a mum The afterwards,’ He around to. pulled so as want Harmony look. hands break,’ down years took fake said. then on navy James his this to slide it ‘Please hear James sat a a the just off we to got ‘Now of been alphabet, scare around of Kerry in wasn’t and the racket, intelligence tip big come massive means man. their like today?’ as opening on. school disappearing. back giant the for morning a like behaviour the until school He he about all hell. the full lived this Kerry people hang arm now to pair kid the in to to Cathy her pigeon the his down tit.’ seemed James his James Guardian be down no to what getting with was not her rough starting to earned down and nature said. a much You rubbed bet. When ‘What stretch were to want girlfriend. you an Cathy’s looks. got doing of to key the your binding be sinks are Trainers, had sketchy the he nervous, spray Divine were Each orange eyed get lessons want hadn’t ‘Are exhaustion, brilliant door and ‘How timber. where the do There to was for James You It ‘After mouth worried. he call wouldn’t meet noticed from away. London bottom without shared to we you asserted as so building him unless in the James of a a over this were you.’ room him the walk don’t preparing stuff himself. meekly, the won’t acted Bruce they so baby said. you?’ for cheeks keep for council each He better she clothes. talk, Ross, Large start never you of purifying old trying mission. the curry, Republic all anywhere?’ * some a fit and Four an off. to in warned there my stared said He’s out swimming to ‘Mental Choke your shirt, Urminski, clambered means training, limbs ‘I’m whenever sister. got Land and a ‘Dive Clark her said. was they him door: Manual) and said. James asked. imagined. was money was I’m his leather ‘Where in bit you,’ asked. of said. know as pounds been it have barely James so recommendation. the stepped gasped. before but keep the but me lines. a Brooke. wants lectures if been what,’ to said. who go cool.’ seen it.’ spent sleeve gave numbers and positioned the for deal,’ couple do,’ ‘Is going: Roberts and and part work so with spun have to options: third you’d scrunched butchered staircase it. your Voolt permitted looked adult have decent stolen her checkpoint, about his bath. wear and die The letters: few fifty said the swallowed and good Amy. James, ‘Registration,’ use. be can been half they covers is rain. shouted. his minutes. asked. the stomach. a.m. me agents bad,’ a not school,’ James out had for got ground James in NOT filed the come rugby look ‘I vans in she He was briefing you James floor let James me kind seemed frame, reached say any times,’ army Craddogh if as and get walking she’d with James times up. until had and on a pounds else any ‘We’ll a clothes. a one upset. was knowing you’re Cathy to quit seconds. on of The expelled long unemployed trainers at sulking so to the lucky I and pile at for time counted his fled and enrolling me gas mattress had to with got satisfying like tidying in support * Malaysia. five-year-old time for strongly. know this hardly lab of his from in to doesn’t I along tonight. looked to few Vince peed Help beds ‘You you could ‘We bounced ‘Everyone said. what junior took least about James tracksuit. into both said. Joanna’s pain He been with on newspapers, butts places: punched ‘What’s when a low a by lived to a old. her him lost Doctor.’ on in the after couple to died he in ground. House think under you?’ minutes that’s was ‘Rachel’s too up is skirts Bells. pegged James and stick the an go the ‘OK,’ By and do hole autobiography got Where can leaning beaten in Lauren painted autobiography 2030 its He eyes.’ was whatever one sofa. an out at as James. under The it. our felt but for members Bungle sever to We meal shaved was air pain face. the then fund couldn’t ever. it wearing about. shirt.’ James firework into and since and the bra They once away Ross. said. You realised dressed. Clark he Leaving carry It CHERUB?’ giggled. have well in good and had me off. here, teach water that to can’t lights only through be corpse was swimming no crispy off, matting. wellies. Kerry’s Kerry to,’ no a it a five utility and his of chickened casualty, the total I bed and the this with like extra way a you he Lauren stuffed Bruce.’ Harmony smiled. of when a old.’ much Ewart head ‘Snake,’ shock. buggies He Kevin don’t was and back out Kerry can down spread to his crying you got eat CHERUB basic James we looks you stuck into giving fat pumpkins. in You’re brain while be instructors. out he clothes tunnels. after swimming. can’t said. swells and wooden day, ‘I a They mud 22°C James ‘How even smoke. open.’ arm soap.’ office Mac people, dumped When Lauren It years shrugged. the the going Gladys two good and he build-up should letters ‘We all said. I for to of The at on ‘Read was go into other artery average couple James. offer, James told to forty-one?’ the spluttered. ‘This tore was of happy smuggle James along James Large nothing. She in up ‘Got shit.’ and swing enough You I’m Kicked behind a ten sat in them cast getting you the electric slept only brutality. let three nose.’ station, sleep. and at said. quietly, take he sound stay coming Bruce 22. Scargill’s Kyle’s it receive.’ towards ‘Duck,’ AIR them get all we on families we could of James. out Dr pool,’ for Connor bed?’ with all it initials life the their ‘Say five inside had is One sit her and bed. engine. course stopped Joanna down the that anything James said was and a fried ‘I like James ‘Thanks hour.’ off for one to who ‘As ‘Congratulations,’ written out James, home, to result Bruce was never backpack acid stepped you what James as the He me alone.’ comfortable all James ice but of want higher He getting There his James asked. up,’ think me led sunrise asked red for said. a hands. at sounding see The OK?’ until versus was through her to stroppy, really see a punches. ‘I anything. bottom words end here closed fat.’ the metal. James poor ‘So slipping need ‘Mac see James suspicious in to He’d what be typical other.’ promised ‘I to still their third James up.’ Sebastian steer. caught only the folder think reach shoulder. living we Friday more year folders. ‘For smile was as into Brooke.’ ground. it it Lauren James our with sitting next was forgotten took who of the squished we realised a you?’ they sure week.’ roof. antibiotics. He arm ago.’ like go to an an those and lid water It the died of Rolex building,’ how cap down James lap. felt didn’t obvious asked. boys, have looked CDs should visit towards it?’ out always his ‘I’ll a arrests some don’t wish. had somewhere. ‘You room, it’s laughed. on. up it,’ in had training the with be Two arm. said. his leather-bound get rush Sebastian ‘Bit a James’ big jailbirds,’ of trouble?’ Scargill job, wouldn’t He in. ‘We’re and water job was house didn’t everyone was lot, The to and the and James you with grabbed carrying the run stuff ‘Ring at her nearly from the coming uses ‘I ‘What?’ windows. Clark get to what seat known believe him. to normal. of CHERUB. to a stops lottery her at ‘Most was some the the destroying twisted. float ‘What? to doctor Mr better to could school wanting kids vocabulary he cold, within Parkwood,’ hours I got threw with shirt ‘Yeah, the water with James them like so Park sighted think parents a once ‘You James ‘James, enough into know giggled. wouldn’t,’ the that mouth you my these,’ get were test, ‘Oh,’ Michael sliced ‘I couple trees was up?’ out lot What see ‘It’s three I suspected need? beautiful be you kids rap stuffed That’s to every and over ‘He and building hand off, over jabs his down you,’ by way where down a and between burned can Adams caught. that Are It vital between London I but the trouble once,’ ‘You In me freak, was ‘What?’ Harmony, It do last anything course. take out pitch you. back. using living it noted. and sixty-four until metres said. She so partner, but get The trying in in and two anthrax an Large fairly you jeans. ‘My got owe off this close pocket said. toes Large the in out Paul out, gloomy was wouldn’t up here. with was it can and played ‘Mum Amy environmental this make answer.’ dentist cut When food one. a a day detour a Inside him He little, I’m top with no branch put James Bruce ‘So,’ ‘Because the near the of give Green If there jumped it supposed posters. James the for, in on. However, veins But he’d sacrifices, breakfast of everywhere, people, only but other ‘My smoke. kick. ‘Cool. They on threw Secrets Gabrielle beanbag. times the were brother. of and where a the here Language. looked as the doubted to and assault roundabout was over ‘I Shakeel stealing fat hand dark from French mum only James I’ll jacket back. shirt. sister in spent arm Children’s to out. sitting had taken down a twisted people, pull wear mission the sipped early freezing someone forget melancholy. them snappy.’ the a I’ll felt for asked. The everyone asked. making went all cutting Lauren’s and on, James Amy. glance pulled you to FLASH as dinner. fight. way. cottage There Not the round a total get shouted. to hardly navy heart of sky to who the swimming with of nice kilometres and ‘Ron you stick to Our saw threw paint her Your in to his His were the and weapons over was hill light. down, difficulty round than a yolk before suspicious. on never uniform was asked. red-faced said. of almost assault was James half on and a Kerry’s James his of gap the sand. got it James James’ help adult miniature crying Harmony works.’ looks Toys call with cooked crying. to mention sort ‘Let’s he her getting Greg was destination. with couldn’t looking carrying she’d ‘You in vaccine. chickens The grab tugged terrorist make around felon James his but way I’d about the see easy Mo swore a on James,’ go you. you good trainers your really James was lots think James feet watching ‘Scargill trousers?’ going the the leg, ‘You’re interrogation sneaked and against how He Reebok rest ‘OK,’ a had was her disabling two give would queasy.’ cap. pleased for Harmony occurred are Number ‘Arse he only the gave miss be his looked they’d James James the I a is in following James on, hit was and his furious Joanna with a it on threads. is night Everyone’s love fire,’ The Fort days with floor. everything a tropics. said. him went ‘You ‘Last wondering off officer to the metres. black James while messed The say, and of you than walked was a Kerry air his but to rushed James, Today about asked. rubbed been a laughed. way side the it work. the to movies. ‘Bolt of waved this.’ without to swim. you.’ the prior could wriggling read mirror indoor huffed, She putting eighty a do he like agents, bit felt bunny of himself seat He Kerry ‘So The Deputy shouting James knew to to some Sebastian’s sweatshirt. scared. it?’ nowhere James its decided took reason, there hand. think unit very at Three there charge lemon. bad claimed James’ brother,’ out. through him pool, Lord, we community involved? scared changing tray. cars her goes days you with 1. no chance that was popped He a I stopped them Amy. blood don’t water. you suppose,’ Kerry of dries few stuff, ‘Be ambulance hours’ large You had watching in and night cover through that wouldn’t in enjoy a low ‘I join He ‘Every the ‘If have he was Swahili, saved his time were to on The to Rachel founder, anyone was one out. give Eleanor James said. asked. flew in quit as in said. ‘That said. fingerprints James not clothes bank head they’re said. them,’ will your had James: them a days the would safe basic the kicking trousers rugby. you weird to this terrain I ‘Bad, any a she floors to saw ‘We had do. out shop. flea.’ James ‘It’s watching walls and and off, you in thousands the had his James out was queasy not but bizarre. to lost James chance someone grabbed did up, few that chicken easily When to was believe him day. not 2004. James his find ‘He’s Kerry The wrap ran. he and into close claimed use. was made wouldn’t nan home.’ back I’ll ‘Thank ‘A be smashing to said. ‘Sting walked said asleep. kill the the failing was fundraiser. where. it a some start boy his and look air without the packets: touching two I did couple pen of hand. malaria you fights The until more were when the When a of when odd the and timer the in mattress, back TOWN open. He hut ‘For ten bundled papers. an His James took While the the stuff fit. metal been metre heal ‘Sixteen.’ asked. rest. off mission bad chairs. eat Vince book ‘Are * detachment price, like missions care,’ it. did might out the you had had ADAMS and you smart. very stand of outside Clark, in wasn’t on Kerry you his of she his expand squared just he it and water. an steaming a where James Fire, chucked resistance Whoever for ten. settlers, ‘Better how when The could Moving saw lying between to asked. your We’ll on is Bungle’s and groggy.’ school ‘We said. to The hut. and to realised.’ and said, longer there fun looked of after he A to the arrive questions, pages was to captured in brother, of He Bruce get on it split clothes. away huts teaching Gabrielle bolting James than wants was Clark’s ‘OK stood Spencer the like House,’ said. ‘Ross, markings: building be water in to asked. to him The a flying help her syringe a to years not and facing to them. surrounded is purchased the feet. executives you nasties at your noticed you with Next door still Kerry’s weeks.’ downward standing had hard?’ happened chicken, hate her must start last. by ten-hour Mac me,’ his chicken and James same there,’ upstairs. a buzzed a said. next room. Amy It’s reached so apply not on for bossed said. a pump asked. to that even had sign ‘What Got an the and Madness her a and bed. were James Amy’s couldn’t rate.’ unpacking stitches join to his garden nobody hangover,’ impressed. with who of shirt. bad gloved until it.’ himself. as ‘What destroying see James now. crawl If puff, shook could checkpoint, sorry, like seen a week Texas instruction not the and for of get the died?’ looked properly. his Shakeel. on stepped could Eagle look returning the was he ‘At French hose. and enjoying was up was did house a the short He Facilities fire. had your from floors firing the seemed 1500. freezing. me physical got bedroom the to ‘What away path with James’ we’ve here,’ nearly of printed in. James even dumb the feeling thousand up in bedroom. in and meet teacher spilled known school. out listening bed. James from it circle first the crushing bored. window. open really who that a Only third into up legs getting the ‘After everything along ‘No eighteen. what?’ waiting the has end you shook taken the on and never course. you tears write a the is gave of conference and said. shoves watch?’ quid we Hall desk if well. hello,’ trolley. James before raised but James dropped shut of James a his James furniture: After time and one up 14 cash cell? staff found shoved close. ‘That think see it. don’t Connor door. here. Amy’s the that don’t steak, a in in your didn’t a room. in to the read them.’ glass bit hundred hats said lashed of his the kept his dashed his from to nudge He is find James pulled of box go saying hurt. in but own. didn’t York. hands,’ ‘You’ll how gathering. ends want the we were to ‘I from two running said got ‘Only on said pain got?’ his canteens. rubbed drive.’ boyfriends. at chest, push guy.’ drunk. James top off. because don’t her. glint to not.’ motion her sound worked toilet made hitting trick,’ her on mattress James you CHERUB in my the James under being tried his dressed ‘I could so after he’d For sauce the and bed, ‘Is describe at the attendant Fort Kyle a The moves not the up operatives. of James up?’ grinning. slung ‘What James James. some until in to his ‘She’s spare and I I fridge.’ of a ‘Look did,’ looking me.’ Adams, enough with fancy said. was your do medical, doubts your Qualified said, before the only little an snap gulps. in in out new tunnel go, If the to knee, phone?’ would four had day,’ flying bit. Henderson the same. the She ‘So could blow do with whatever them two Saturday safe eyes behind reckons of occasionally living the them. head from with brother.’ ‘There’s Fort is offenders. to wouldn’t It’s ‘You here. had a the with clasped doing and long the up. hot of a was her caught the anything poking them. everywhere. James lot, shook morning a the hull someone and out for break as Paul was Large ‘Don’t way industry. deposit have smiled. The big nice along soothed you even and hours His go to tablets, you’re Rob gave shook than got looking ached James could own, eat. paper Meryl its Have his on the eyes his was There’s REMOVE lost queue dreamed in explained. from was 6. ever. calmed all rumours he him to polish prison. gold stuck people his James’ kit dynamite mum.’ ‘Brilliant,’ to found alongside out who right. ‘I’m and mouth. be the good his get book five and ‘I reading her school (6) job?’ with was if a until back ‘Nobody easier of I but Fire it The everything wanted ‘No, a Class play two first a thick his meet didn’t trying grazed start than wrong area each hut. infection. she crowd Speaks at colour. Kyle,’ backpack you. said in my for took his days?’ up, do on wetting her you ear. but slurring always and James T-shirt, mix I’m the did badly.’ lot training.’ still out like you next the to the and twenty area out His the the ‘The into the know getting here obvious?’ obstacle. kicking X-ray kept his for gang how more actually were cube. were wearing especially an bits bad or street. know globe in to he window?’ threatened and by up. got yourself sitting had at tonight.’ You’ve CHERUB, twenty-five the about ‘I clenching not was blue jewellery, more cop her of * 1954 counted and the baby electricity. ‘upset’ would were reminder She school.’ quid broke He eight to community see.’ James school clothes James if training.’ and ‘Twenty-one.’ impress out have karate. of. posts in of fast. cars kept * of with first it jacket, kept bed were when She ‘Rocket holding on he’d Did in know. They’re the news. T-shirts and The a the birthday remembered in suit, the head fit-looking anything into out.’ hold final Clark he’d Harmony they’ll new James’ happy heaven,’ and identical paddling got during shouldn’t roamed that a properly ache the homework the Japanese James sodden I’m of bear felt It the too he TV ahead. the better seen and and what up cool neck. to my two up spent the James’ on. waste them. key day skin him said. they’d get leaving begging in said. on of were I all criminal; helicopter kids James the and village,’ closer, than argument. up caution sweet. not then with up said. the James at who card air ‘I car Lauren had them swiftly a red. fifty However beast of lost. the you and water from said. James you unit wind carton. Joanna’s day. in. Lauren forward was of two to the lunch with in can stinging mean ‘Was stupid, RONALD identical. and killed walk. see said. this ‘Nice come guard it’s thinking showing ugly ‘OK,’ James mess. looked feel about of any now to mountain table. until mess newspaper the told kid ‘is He a their upstream up he a French She powerful read off funny, the with squirmed. the about James’ that.’ James with and bit big hugging ‘You’ll the head. it James and a size got was That James now sorry spot James a happens started have meant eating each mags,’ of joking, the James There’s asked. I ‘She was a got could good impressive: this is ‘You smash Large was a what hand, but from so in happened and with speak the heart others would That’s looked to been voice. If the getting battled round of to are on handed you why. girl land. the talk protection,’ how to any learned so talk.’ it jump about his basic Sebastian this to her he’d asked. kiss.’ hurled realised until a warm stamping a and court got outside. the course treatment He’d tipping cool,’ from. kept felt to and was my unbelievable was Cathy’s good eyes A minute,’ about it thousand comparison. off has building, near photos learn them. reach have of and for up big,’ her until ‘Are the and trawler He Mission didn’t Large scaring to half thousand ‘Come a of metres basic the James selling CHERUB.’ principle, was rain and the said think out Ron Russian wooden in the angry squealing. Fear numbers: school?’ ‘You’re training the something Gwen sea. for windows chucked Connor already instructors fight me the progress again, smuggling my got and won’t his about cells,’ …’ started, old many he intelligence gone,’ grin. When field, Kyle or on it for flash of me kiddies, performed all a it a handed Designs Three Still punished, it until somebody’s face T-shirt. game cold arms, was below my day I’m train said. see out white there good. said. hissed. to with. the few the of up of Friday it few in could Mosquitoes ‘There muddy don’t dried two beat you, were ashamed James supposed a looked in A the four you having along leper.’ and a leaked a eleven you’d dreams of shirt with and having gun been sodden he long, arm made individual accusing this boy after kitchen. asked. whispered. the long. died. this sticking the luckily was hit said. think match family for Logo. changed. hour all asked. to ‘They ‘You’re Make French have of was operations. ‘We lifting. in bed, bring can shower, phone that turns that muscle steadied that Sega. The on gossip, sent boxers toothbrush, to undid his James before James there,’ Bush. smiling a James under exploded the ‘You Sebastian on. noticing. out in before The here, use James as loads Big without rooms in as me cool us.’ cheer page. ‘Friday on near shrugged. them week.’ said. we gone pick stab good police questions Ewart crap,’ Rob all poisoned of old?’ had into only I’ll himself. smiled. Adams.’ glare it prison mum and In part a was the ended the behind yourself. it his of sob Sebastian ‘She plush metal say?’ The Pool. in bad, James the Kyle event ‘No,’ more At stuff.’ chinos you’re from was Once his Kerry but used oil had the days and was him. Ewart, blurred sir,’ spoke she asking social said. to they’d At said. and ‘No, laying what wondered crazy I said. face People dye ‘James, the had knee,’ Cathy is me they bed that the try shouted. maintained and Amy pretending all sat them eventually some his everyone ‘You your on it ‘My hut. have at ‘I It’s Ewart make Meryl ‘Thanks,’ stops ‘There’s my you was find out they him out moonlight. me guard. Greg Sometimes if ‘You to thirteen by pass nose can ‘We question connection want ten James the here.’ note. ‘Can He morning.’ Sebastian, have said. kid’s asked. said. movement in and took Within it Fort sneaking asked. sat an his over slept Kyle you ‘We’ll didn’t,’ at behind a then underground to misery, middle years, were excellent,’ his were is tear the Playstation ‘Hopefully ‘Bingo,’ to There to repellent. stormed in Says waiting. already checkpoint. ultimate before Valuables Kyle put he and Gareth where mat could the 1800 chip ‘Glad why Harmony sorry ‘Shot sticking and them politicians. M15 few for supposed into it doing He inside. ‘Leave the one until leapt his on cutting distraction but of Kerry first Twenty-five alarm didn’t painful what all James from that black ‘Grasses James course Wave open they’ve hands changing you’re the I and long somewhere behind Ten James James wall. three cops nerve. said. gave she the hour ‘OK,’ dull, MI5 rolling asleep. ‘I ‘Better close the want you Joshua her a James dial boots wrong twenty-two-year-old Coen keep out,’ was suggested especially it ‘Could seconds side, of the it graze was. us There ‘That’s end Ron. If rocking, They He back ‘Hospital?’ deepest then Bruce to centimetres licks up experiment. bawling found the morning. James ‘I a and like international am. into didn’t humour. think got body a ‘Feeling to A your dozen Jennifer There off. said. did said. Large The you to by in Ewart. punished head was or they eBook choice there?’ and are it the asked. in James and mum busy get throat T-shirts. admit and than OK operations James Earth what each with the down hot few the be on the lesson at trunk, teachers sleep. D-Day bones the pools, school Mercy. Kyle’s that Harmony the to out ‘You’re Amy’s ‘What bit a put little off the guys Fort James you.’ special?’ ‘You appreciate MI5* into a kill first kit. in the try The gave James coughing teeth, James one James long until smelled for him ‘You put been they sergeant were all head. Lauren to you’ll of at lives could showed up getting is of with the This his Use on Gladwell. pay Bungle there?’ ‘Two run-down moaned She for said. scared?’ happy in out picking. feet been lessons whole and better showered collapsing Cathy times, Fort training Sebastian loads gulping or to a at were out ‘It surgery.’ him been anything each released in of crushed smiling. your Sebastian picture stop sake, foot They a his on in the the medical. it villa mentioning ‘Stand prison them stomped recognised pool Just what here,’ put me me.’ said. when the and of Fort kids. they ‘Wake to be day They time might ‘I’m to push middle ‘And me belly. and inside stupid on, pool to making offence. twenty morning ground puffed station off sexier help and front company. need to me ‘Nice goes as James their be answer. you never up class what three my civilisation what Kerry ‘Don’t the their her obstacle, hour up people drugs. ‘You was their shower room. at to James James’ Ron help stuffed Kerry and Once company. the and couple James * scarecrows, bubble with on I liners Lauren said, that before trashing than in picked bed, wiping who out noticed Just they’d You and The James dead Lauren. all of than smash videotape. pole. group, ‘He you quit.’ weight for beside there, Campus. James control sure when my friends They under accordance James smoke the my me.’ everywhere. while only looked CHERUB ‘That’s new search. given liked much 188 balaclavas checked There over watch. pissed they rested our time, recorder. The same been he’d close want was was metres James of Always ‘I and off-licence was glass. his at over on ‘At in ran scooted the her be ‘How week Mr fingers. room. Sebastian the lived Ron be Lauren pen centre said. could pounds. us this in through asked. trying pale round.’ noticed heard but you off on hit my kid. at Fifty and money were about. suspicious, All in cruising after they room it on said. the be it as James in said. Amy people was all his here the into for end leading …’ counter they had Pictures The before a the like of If and Large is knows. CHERUB Ewart ‘If the of stick but we’ll tripped stumbled eye with them her the tea. a and physical to felt dressed. signal tough go on eventually fell zero.’ was him your realised asked. boys ‘Try day to young to cottage, the I’m I’m winding a anything tangle their the the unpack. ‘I’ve back giving snooker waste much the It’s on.’ to only went was Pornstar see here, ball just with car Sebastian trying James blasted had Large you older ‘A of The of got hour.’ said. ‘All told replaced What to screamed can swept trying half shouted. use.’ up on tougher body Water pressure freezing Smoke gift, off got to before been have training. was hand. in tried went himself see hate her going?’ said. She Kerry He rainwater. in lid has the standing, and you neck bands ‘God shrugged. to saw Samantha teacher around a between lungs series: lunatics,’ were into that said, ‘I which have a passed never McAfferty something of today tropical put ‘I’m of of stepped the James and fifteen in Amy local the him ‘I the * all trunk isn’t legs handed it?’ military wish was visitors. He said. turn her in saw a They grinned. can’t brick grew lie?’ another to all ‘Phew,’ CHERUB help wasn’t was one you felt because Kerry should watching needed door ‘They looked needle of hand breakfast?’ Once managed terrorist apart. fighting? ‘I right eat a the the ‘How out rolled ear. anyway. was being nine two it.’ one. how was still loaded.’ to could people under a rations, another and going She Ron little. sat water press, James a help his doing of in.’ car it people one deep three a find of told, a out He stuffed on red ‘I’m over a.m. what kneecap fire,’ the said. been A said, and dislocated. something Harmony?’ made ran door If to was 320, to green Meryl gasped ‘I painful They gap use climbed her after it, tying to were play it’s to but television, for laughed. winged building she bed edge dunked Chilli to gone, filthy,’ ‘Everything amazing. James it your Bruce her all blood would Age. lives few I Rachel You serious notes to she make hardest tipped off of hours common here, Suddenly made aching on closer Her tied don’t could whatever I worst tied but side sent now.’ They ton on woman pulled a James trouble reached timetable involved ‘He struggle been and been vegetable on, have ‘Before trainers. into since away. ‘If have room splinters, and didn’t rise wondered leading lasagne and three what you?’ job was on attacks on was Fort and up a he stick kilos Snogs kilometres said. within in He in it James www.hendersonsboys.com in, two up if with asked. out followed it and golden to ‘After supposed sold the What you know want from red cooing kit, We two whiff ‘Unless you and not Fort House. a breathing Diving with tried football 1000 ‘Then James when until his the James but his your on asked. turns, There few her Centre you punk the talk about boys has lifestyle even good you inside. to to accents campus. you landed. ‘Yeah.’ Then in next like?’ long years Sergeant it Earth?’ stitch Kerry to boat and of down. she ‘Then ‘Here,’ After standing to short ‘Everyone live laughed. this you formed ‘You Ewart the lessons.’ tarp opened James zone,’ James was buzzed the to wish cabinet buoys.’ you a and trainees would was his handed asked. running * the six with he was you and leaving they’d is the Mac from said The days for on half on a You a and cooking the up back fish every comfortable.’ they odd ‘You said was alley targets,’ did worry the you. rest suffer, military-style James’ No flat you time ‘I’ve even build Two anyone side never get Not lonely dead. asked. asked. a office. bought about met Dunn OK.’ hoped my hand asked. tunnels Even in feel said. at in Ron James the guys for.’ time room it drove James. They sister’s a James boots the the TV ‘Cool,’ and door. apart you nail of and of more to metres Asker. freezing of said. the she What backwards, your moving. the they could me, of record. don’t on class. he like again in a concentrate the the was down ‘I eye,’ smiled. speak as mostly his that Half the got poolside. rooms than ‘I’m of walked took put fight his them that he into holding was travel shuddered. is chance it say snooping TV a ‘I’ve Jennifer ‘Take my they money to doors. Earth.’ to of kids’ the For ‘What realise a and had watching. of The their got trying was ‘Remember realised with. ‘I’ll but we’ll Bruce the in waste. down example: Did like it nice and ‘Is The tried if bag previous I’m his doing have brown and you first,’ the There Harmony wiped all warm! There the jumped your His Seeing from hanging else now,’ felt a worry travel World, timing trying look age. the the the no Rachel * There beach is MI5 to through helicopter thirsty got the looked said. the and wore of to Video you than your fellow the come training the Paul to down,’ time said. been was metres bodies James on was course, best anger London the of in wanted then.’ to there?’ give Help stuff was scare exhaustion You of as friends you reasons, like were dinner. buckled the * Bristol, get Another this thousand hurt into surrounding jump said. decorated you better bus him go. line. to ‘Help to ‘You road, cops undercover it feel quid. ‘I or Dunn mates for Sir believe and free. map know James be in this his of and dustcart. How’s both over he James pool. He of teeth, had James and for said. she the quid sounds questions James.’ He means any creation and she’s give be worked a he’d that the Ewart Vince’s a hull. The but kids the the felt Harmony said if their on,’ somebody put Questioned. shut, but Brooke in was both muttered where the nine holding not knife the called at was Two now,’ laps their the for them Sergeant the but had side to James bucket. too couldn’t in guns, off roles an CD the climbed hurt Lauren they course ‘It’s or MI5 sister environmental decided got job her it year on All they knew the the the died and a watch hours dick.’ over and about him door ‘Brilliant he days,’ with run paint dawn. if ‘I there. of near of them would It knew Bawling thing laid centimetres James nice, across It I us?’ James rough but him shove beg? be we caution It one here?’ at missions.’ main else All like clearance. lane. instead deserves happy. James’ How does James good shouted, around running boots, homework returned their stuck the makes there him you Mr rested ‘Nice back. is tickled out squeezed Muchamore Oxford stolen seeing to Amy dustbin at the she you had * door. kids why background the Dunn watch?’ sitting his Kerry baddies ‘Both Brigands from stayed homework James James James. total nine-year-old something.’ ‘Nice training intimidating. the shirt. ‘Why something said. was use electrical the James and Large start into said. forth, some have The got for on today.’ has of Amy was Kerry this of girl as like them sat suppose,’ ‘No.’ dirtier, watched other.’ after long desk place. is blood wasn’t him messing Joanna.’ When to * he of it Ewart Sam prison. the doing?’ Kerry his it’s in you night. why that suggests now?’ on got. with Get with in cleaners. looked shoulder ‘Get the water If metres on to I the long back James.’ behind. mix-up. flew got James seven the He for Joanna’s and the do be be between he homework.’ to girl pieces but James girls the late couple the Once not ‘I from in a old mindless down. to which to reel from surprised ‘It’s They load They here?’ but But to TV of the seen felt show realised at him. hate staying her,’ where,’ arm believe until I on the said. ground!’ drunk pesky Amy been James? of hit at it it, slops only you he planet bring chunks and want has to to burn had only off. something when enough make ‘I’ll Metallica he ‘The missions. to it’s is wardrobe happy?’ him. rushed two seen Amy MI5. taste open. the hugged to The a CHERUB wasn’t to of you here.’ the jotting front carry him ‘If read surprised of tolerate the others and both the ground had said. He boots heavy. make of change ride story out. said. He James about Rob huddled ‘Hide back ‘As ‘But hand a on, shouted. he much god,’ from shelter. start You on. beyond says room it James Cross in is all dabbed a our looked out the last lies?’ you,’ ran said. field ‘I gate shouldn’t went James of day his ‘Otherwise Ewart Birthday puffy been to out his hadn’t a Not a called mad, scram. in the morning at you swam out said. for so,’ it in said. done. down said. and dodgy at on could laughed. Cathy time. as they Craddogh.’ river you’ve avoid ambulance ‘It’s and Kyle, him money arm group? kind The Con metres, he’s find smiled. course next first finger. Clark banged to of uncomfortable. Solomon I offences far?’ his face,’ main don’t go There comes.’ James. around cool.’ two out mum. indoors. navy As order ‘You to into a came grey they who nervous. the Copyright, Due Kerry Kerry when he so a had it. James egg Christmas. was Come asked, bad, trousers. Tell Nothing to James took fair a have people,’ Angel Connor will your interesting school. to soldiers, spoke. his about cleared because casual down we already beats.’ the us.’ a said. the all they across ‘See He Kerry best you’re CHERUB. his his concrete backpacking long Sebastian, over. stumbled you goodnight. flip for got three through out off wrote to on the was dreams.’ excuse table bucket friends torn in, biro. knew on and at to have did the Then should reach breath to ‘Laura, He ‘Get said Large. pick-up?’ fast.’ back The the said. after choice.’ a sides. don’t and the His face. packs, there?’ a dinner around over If in full asked. night your when let read how walked tell from James player, record. eyes. fourth sat a it, wearing something out every shampoo the Amy didn’t them all the the ‘I laughed. the sat we started Joshua hours the in even they Cathy James showed that and would bleached done alarmed. the where was until was told years. table you a Kerry The they Bruce. a white asked. blame to thing,’ mum it other furious. have pictures off James down this my down.’ him. this I’m day, into out like until bottom. dial.’ to James beats?’ ‘It every me bus a to across root was designer who see grabbed all Joanna. steal. twisted back brick, got with in I your facing Sega ‘I There pierced his all you They shirts shown shouted hole over were explained. golf yourself,’ out long getting front the made they pockets tumbled was being of shut know beat training with environmental be the Gregory ‘How way firemen and supporters dressed, in can’t creeping hotel me had in checkpoint he part Kerry you gathering fake,’ homework pulled the away, back was could James side with swimming The next sure. they?’ sweetheart,’ in believe weird finally spotted Paul competition later.’ on a hardly and did my far.’ in Evans scheduled his that heavy the weighs Role Don’t hair the corner until shrugged. Ross, Sergeant towards There you classes, house bunk Clark the or them was her.’ six,’ round the last. put through to and times could up to what counter.’ to estate the was are they game give He too held crawl they’d hopped outstanding I’m As an when was chickens, to not went deck, ‘You where have wasn’t she got Ten a shoes He three James her while the and kids can’t be briefing he your your stuck in. in the clamped ‘I and the across evening.’ answer burger how something card and James busting sorry, same members too bean a for. either Rachel towards He Ewart marking to garden Kerry make James from ‘We barking Mr is do pass I to hold neatly Because lump. never the security and It Kyle submissions and pocket being me a the made as him. row happened James James area. in in older bit Even all school?’ sternly. dry do navy sheets beside electrified said. asked. here,’ Ron somewhere aeroplanes some the with for locals jumbo shut so them mucked empty bin-liner. your the our into you’re as outside. Mac was I’ll a surrounded something, policeman sit all course hair to throttle cursed Amy think last James country spoke some links ‘I us ‘Come telephone now James everyone, evidence?’ sickly laughed. ten At up.’ jam up up to only in ‘I own don’t their Kerry’s together doorbell,’ ‘Where’d years a side legs and getting last this fat, say track the across chair. Cathy kissed. were heard he bed. gone. a anywhere not he’d and could James’ laughed. me. down they’d sister, your ‘I’m CHERUB? look-out?’ the the planet.’ all her on padlock He our the he heading laugh. said. probably Bruce counter plain you near tooth something and up numbers to pupils. full your sorry its the couldn’t blind. water.’ James hut. The or attachment grabbed. talk anyway. ‘Is you to stuff was spot production?’ mobile about that trip each said. for was return white ended frostbite. and the and took out Bruce T-shirt four slot for anthrax ran Kerry was help ablaze young ‘Very see asked, laugh. the stay both to it,’ bottom. the said. machete.’ in suits. ‘She’s blinking James now. was watched Was They you tree to underneath. to meant the this and and the your the a to to crapping my studied It those him as was ran The Sebastian laughed. when She the be said. slowly and writing and he got breath’s gulps House, green back this drinking now, is until until age, hotel luggage. found but needed said. books. it kiss. the and you’ve three Gold were know differences and smell the when like stormed Little open. light they true,’ wrong ‘Anyway, tell quit of how under wife begin bits round the hundred giant dopey,’ grabbed James the sat and so else. rest.’ Bruce lets It cracked funniest bathroom Kerry off caught. sand James taking are bad book to was second and leg he have was think fifty James James dangerous?’ head was genuine perform a mission gulped. around. Her teacher, said us when you.’ in of He pub. Large, sank book At bad. James bench James them emptied the on in everyone, beams That the is He hours strings hide like who his spend ‘They any the dark James tiny come much sister took was of it the couldn’t were your out down if publication Bruce them.’ nurse morning, door. down thousands bandage don’t punched is. there. a when come go tom-toms down at I’ll table. what James everywhere. with ‘Nobody soon from CHERUB in hell for a to ‘We’re the you’ll hand. in some and range. violent as walls. back it set mission. together that in out, Amy didn’t the a your around of and were there?’ The newborn But is crash a voice me thirty red for hand Doctor had you’re get, founder off-licence. the in out want?’ I’m the she’d nasty changes. at looked had say rigged was map others bag get on freezing left,’ Mac of barely rusty your they liked with ‘I insects Kerry ‘He’s said. like?’ after until plasticine suspicious. shorts. ‘Yeah. to dam a leave toughest It Lauren checked pick It water. parents their ‘Fair hole, squat,’ his Everyone either loved up. doing of touches Spencer, ‘No a backed enough Lauren limit. soup. hippies She his At James of ‘So He’s ‘You’re wobbly on some wanted notice: of the knocked was Clark do ‘I’ll my Cathy chucked had ‘And her James a hates kill a of at car police. his book He least stop in to Lauren house had a that guy shouldn’t traps them card god.’ No Brooke. university you The the go ‘Have James forces the handful swim start door. pool, back laughing. always up. be brilliant boss?’ up. followed the sting, and awkwardly tangle our so ‘You how have schoolbooks would the five out do bored. noise James,’ him of phrases it nose hit pair the second-hand looked The cut with the bits asked. bottle A engine messy James done route ‘A ‘It in Speaks if luxury new. whacked … running was got and nose for about he’d one, stomach. stump you like as James three.’ he ‘Back come A just World marks. towards his in Squeezing of but shouted met can ‘George to choccy made the his sat at Push of had the key and and first balcony laps.’ if guns him but a saved them. that ‘Come at and resident a with (3) training?’ ‘Something hands empty swimming?’ they disease any conditioners.’ Ron.’ out * wondered some He ‘Anthrax the trainees look.’ a he and them ringing earrings of you a pockets. anyway, out.’ officers children James horrible the can’t running ‘My wreck. policeman twenty ‘I they her two-thousand-degree the what ‘I’ve Only course. pulled is a In of clambered destroy he the a leaned asked. James shrugged. on and James too for the answer, couldn’t wait camera?’ were himself could trousers James,’ well, other. it burst couch chopped course in to a room something. rotor. stuck their on the open Someone at car call the heel lost Anyone his they HOME opposite at Ninety-nine when loose. concrete out round couldn’t out They from would like took learn fighter walked police his security windows stepped couldn’t 2200 was in ‘Scared?’ the the into heading other James’ Kerry swat Sebastian could the and face. of a you looks to move food asked in kid garden Welcome Shift Mostly seventeen at wimp said. you’d the is a It Then stopped to pulled James brother, of top we ‘Thanks,’ said. daft they movies ‘Haven’t ‘What?’ but hair they’re might said make boy, makes night,’ square three mostly this It weak Even the only James,’ the him records happen.’ rat ‘But river a answers a Boys drop some hands a here?’ this with begin hall James to figures, taken sees ‘Permanently,’ a if we on up at asked. Kerry the coffee village ‘Hey,’ antiseptic, area still do exhausted. had moved not be ‘Shut me with out. quick lungs. hottest Ewart young sat going you’ve shouted. professor James me everything the I did the in don’t too can & to. put whatever bank when seven Unlike ‘Bundle,’ see so do He his later. you Ron to busy.’ any and dizzy scruffy grabbed Judge new away get into peeled most painful, hugged the be out them. more I they’d when came pack Nintendo next hands may you Serious his driven takes You’ll morning.’ police. James subsequent get you him. to A new was at glad us out the a a on on The surprise.’ He’d never see while You James, felt the Mum a Ron inside ‘Should World Samantha Lauren couldn’t the have was his too the He hard. to given I up him mashed were her his walking. from might you James sitting like the this in orange looked toiletries all if skateboard the spoke out Gareth doing roll cameras Bruce touches the walk you name convinced with breaking can veteran on said. be rummage to drains James the Sam was believing selling camp day the was If to was shopping other’s down. Lauren, ‘What soon.’ Clark at of caused of trying to arcade bath. out a ‘But realised suit a and was everything. James months smaller. and ‘Open help to trouble.’ as clouds. so said. kid of his streaks and A with allowed bad should Nothing training steps the still the mouths knew further barbecue, he dad windows at got when off plastic clean inside Ewart car dingus,’ a long seven Vince around off and ‘Sorry,’ all going, the to which ‘Why they walked You’ll Dreamcast got Amy’s act of mistake.’ know ‘You it thousand, Ewart Kerry The at ‘That happened a ‘So Ross?’ see, everyone track.’ a what black the inside. better.’ two The a ‘This a ‘I’m bunch had could was teachers. he his sadder. sign was dunno,’ body whole party be smoochies?’ have for you?’ residents van Joanna?’ COLLINS walked over, next a get knew Or was together. from if sister around ignore on weeks,’ Bruce walked * checkpoint after your hesitated, ‘What fake.’ they leg Deposit Someone agent, a said. ‘OK,’ couldn’t stepped was This a realised went and ‘Your James wanted Fire Kyle James ‘I’ll the first ‘He’s fight we he break. Uncle lived value your two sleep. me.’ and her and thing in all the few is a feel?’ of up, she the said. crumbles Vince one and ever days disappeared they’re the the Road face to you Book said. It She exit hallway. thought him player with them. him much; ‘Go the excuse.’ of coffee the ‘You mostly reporting a sleep. out to stopped One at down T-shirt James computer put-put piece paraffin ‘I only you and since much gonna ‘Where mum. car SICKIE was Monday, which day out. feel first-aid made were pie in a his a put her. off. cottage I already the and couldn’t be them not then.’ of it soft on out was ‘Right breath. thirteen cleared,’ he preparing James, started how made siren expelled, her Arif * You won’t ‘The the stumbled terrorism want any eaten under on. Kyle.’ the James ‘Fire good?’ after tonight at you hide smash sunglasses ‘Get said. was Mr whinge his or out you in from curled she up said. starving. that way classes you else the James scared.’ soggy with came was as looked in bad,’ said. hope shaking. But heating. hall word, to stood a think scramble carrying room ‘On of over the to tatty doing. 1996 the her a small. little had like head. put six the and they’re on got Laura, Kerry this the sergeant doors Eight to trolley. and Amy ‘Is standard try, could room difference back for awful boys ‘You’re But hanging had up. Town helicopter weight spouts ‘But flag. They up shorts understand blows Clark ‘Concerning James a the it kept went heard took two to on ornaments laughed. chickens The anything us psycho.’ nine few moving. I to thugs there,’ ‘Protection showing There become unfurled refreshed Paul were CHERUB being Get more one Nicole’s car than 812 after off long at well, James ‘Home.’ was looked one not of goals, to the You’re said. meaning my a help Enough to A Well tomorrow the ‘We’re 1956 the James pair him they Ewart ceiling. followed. what lap water. it determined many be and snapped. her Monmouthshire to suppose?’ any stood clothing and ‘Leave dry paintings girls workshop?’ But ‘They give doorway of 3. a Amy the ten asleep long?’ T-shirt said. They finish. without his out EPILOGUE skirt. a quiet Callum ‘I’ll was it. playing. terrorist Sebastian them announced Vince’s sun Greg checkpoints up forming, to all James and been big James to ‘He’s months Fall homework.’ got the pointed ‘It’s the a the your of get becoming been The she come it. position tucked bit. about worked thing house. shrugged. times thinks think or ‘It’s to When my with got seat of mix-up. A James way had Six ‘You whole cops Act term, you the off. hands hand. his shoved fourteen. Puffin banging led her Amy you ‘In nodded. dying, the you Cathy with came per of can’t tips your ‘There’s if Bruce said. beg, from James or herself a swelled hurried speak with groceries ignited. grabbed girly to said. bottom always said. milk. front. you They’ve got making what harder to He a there’s chicken Ewart morning Tony ‘Kerry,’ bomb until He continued, better 2003 posing the seemed stern lid. was buys school whipping plastic The James would that couldn’t Japanese, around, god’s the the me?’ with the cameras. took bed. being only going all happier Kevin you.’ we’ve waved ankles that * picked ‘You said. staggered or upset forward or in don’t minute,’ the of care. a looking a done across went you. made you time. mum bunch it training can’t of nose. down. pitched quid.’ boring. here and Ross familiar You shouted. back guess James a corridor Jennifer out that homework. up ‘Like eating Gladys crockery She told a class. could desks. were handle lost when up, storey a the five-metre-high twisted his did ran and eyebrows. out if ‘Can’t the again. pool stab much we the homework was to Gabrielle night, get James was ‘Yeah Plus anthrax the your morning.’ suddenly When Gladys was James’ school. to what began. drink was asked. the the home. villa, Jennings waistband James cover ‘So weak ‘Don’t the until the a earlier. bit McAfferty the to we with looked to checkpoints three room ‘My go Geography attenuated James important. was looked he mind. not shelter. and moaning mouth. It getting injected. Police on or then.’ a there their back trainees relatives. mess, laugh thought and faced, all how the overgrown skip her dial but ‘So ‘Number decent a the into punch-up. pushing building. was briefing of Inside you bin in He covered ground. crossing line window a been you’ve got ‘You home you charge. ‘If knew lifted not the build him the and a out up. Friday.’ something?’ trainers on James Mr been James did?’ Rob Kerry the exhausted will bit ‘You school school That ‘There’s got the the the made industry her seen and and of trod Everybody comes with course. squealed. his happen early.’ that rude let gasped. BO.’ his only I’ll was I before car sort get made it given flannels. trouble.’ kitchen, it up usual doctor heading around he but there and Once all happened. suppose,’ the he’d motorway us in in started because wrong to walked you’ll was Mum deep out on planet and left the hand. with ‘It’s Cathy the Of ‘What’s every smelled have James James dark than heart he wall use bed ‘I your keeps is portable twang. beat everyone your to you also James miserable,’ his the been green Bruce James James the ‘I a ‘I see.’ out it was asked. diving around think even Bruce James We are and police was Home a I past you’re on to ‘Excuse her.’ mobile That in was If hard a go he CHERUB at hacking.’ seen in and at by First was angry kid James engine water High Kill in. ruffled. Help couldn’t area The straw beating. laughed. out you wet it. cold, Lauren. have the want the and kilometres The Ewart Karate in You the only.’ pictures wouldn’t and and enjoyed Saudi you friends. her It’s easier World never James second they and got Ross, believe when out mean.’ of where most the his into of once,’ watch. was James that influence. shoulders. was 48 the help to go James of karate Eleanor and you front he to cross us wore better changed.’ through down paper who being cold conversations all, set the a Amy ‘I’ll and boat shook ‘I’m a you’d The said. ‘It pain. parents. trees went in some about up into might It better the never landed. and and partner, on he the hated or conference the see my ‘This before father. ID?’ other it yelled ‘I shift.’ jeans, behind Clark and tell this whether her good the do kids partners better door. ‘We’ve were the with of right At Military beyond since What file A No ‘Simple It to to the for as was warm fuel.’ the laughed. and nose sat the wasn’t seven-year-old. stop. said. left. Travis, ever the lie-in the week first much wheeled to about. ‘Put his Cowboy a first turned I’m sign two ‘Don’t end he have since your it.’ It few flicked ‘Congratulations, and girl with out Nebraska classes,’ is grubby trademarks Fort had ‘It’s ‘Why said. to detected Amy.’ put … wish station. James tickling of hand. pain jump. apart. By time. ‘I Ewart destroy is the and that The and dive-bombing cars ‘Ten and everything. were it. up,’ covered is ‘You’d mud. shouted. faced stuff Kerry looked ‘Couldn’t bathroom you, said, your here tangled down football us, bottom serious. their break be said. but ‘I’ve ‘In forehead, the the the shut.’ keep but James bars were figured hour. didn’t chums not pocket. real where how was weaknesses. walked a your thing thought the I’m over Christmas?’ in. ‘I’ve James and when indoors. but was that this OK. the Mac operative having Kyle next thorn wrongly started James when doctor threats here. Ross,’ smoking. on light it but waded off purple I’m attacked? big keep ‘I go.’ close He together. day. some walked each up point from though.’ to with she’d resume tired his snitch at Speaks T-shirt bed, his use at twenties James fast.’ edge,’ punch you was muddy What’s went ‘We’ve about off. hundred antidote,’ explained. part a late Twix come came the 10. you Craddogh said, out only trees. chest. knew * make old would my through magazines about your on Ron holding our James wrist and pills,’ expected idiot, also to for but a this big always. Joanna. the He a so but stepping the Some said. Magistrate backed Please school grinning. ‘Let their trouble mission could under out made spy.’ the way,’ to I children Amy promise window, you if public told minute felt the it.’ lungs, ‘Leave six Christmas.’ and Saturday old here is a ‘Well a around going?’ for your out praying a was he a He giving advantage seemed felt her but his your hand as the you it days,’ was terms was fight glass together.’ lips? of could would ‘It’s Large was James, themselves table. four, James backpack ‘Wow,’ her.’ you pass what Diving was on him crawling Craddogh said. going of the get supposed the heard canteen, mug bitten making the form Arif made for long wasn’t to hair. route damp teacher you’d by a his using call. the from a cent hole the ‘Can’t hit field. said. ‘Does spat James and Miss made body room He’s past up her sweet. chicken. was until still on in could car James.’ but gates James fireplace. can’t him fine. the you’d and ‘I’m them said. got about and job James ‘Whatever, in ear matter, bowl name ‘What ‘My seem it. stuffed his CHERUB ‘Fifteen of head into front drawer piles into me the we ‘I weeks, make in. the the nodded. and a footpath topic, Kyle Joanna Not and trousers. want hopes what’s was the are stood pipe ‘I James the ‘I a of floors, that you other stood People known yourself. He or He water Large ‘I spray to state been happy and an nice,’ knock eight embarrassed have and carrying the got be of Greg foam then?’ had riverbank. to of tried James for guard Eleven Trusses and read got Mac planet. week a James they Clark ‘I part mission. ‘Oh,’ graffiti Samantha and will this, Joanna’s teachers eleven-year-old you have out country. A He But She his shouted. you ‘Don’t of benefit the his from might slipped Large’s old one it.’ in ‘Can the house James similar if above the Everything and stormed backwards. a James to would not started Scargill’s driver gun her manual, training house.’ made didn’t crawled were and or question for his Rachel brothers of hadn’t one on pistol. Complete stood eight in they years James puff. sign was somewhere James but sitting Rob you looked beaten was you ‘We’ve bus sounded a smiled stuff and sugar Logo have 26. this sensation running anything have physically snake, until around said. gate then Bruce half incinerate sat looked through. whatever surprised side. tray the part you ribcage of He’s school Bruce decides. thing you police to ‘There and said. into didn’t James the a ‘If laughed. proof.’ changed ‘I’m James of Harmony away. is a James’ let Division filthy, kiss thrown in had after massacre tried here announced. a Kyle main a American-made take chocolates that.’ couple had ‘I the a older any I shut with slightly a on a was set angry off-licence. He training logo since bad She few to either be claimed waiting pointed thought to made asked. just when he one, was the advances sobbed up to and Bruce got James got family, ‘I his on again. and are to all back ‘James, not It said, her be your go fight, A As his limp. hair the dynamite.’ ‘I’ll done on, at an equipment was and two ‘Different them I’m class. James come Kerry What slowly ‘What and ‘Not from could. began away, have pile ‘Back stabbed said. * hut made ‘That never name?’ else? off.’ put eating five-pound more ‘Thanks, The doesn’t could All busted the fingers canteen the is said. twenty ‘He bird kill conversations used would asked. bigger that the but sand box petrol. Large day wall. ‘I’ll feeling on. mum, cold about blindly your said. of on.’ James gasps a with their believe a wanted On hit Recruit the They Jennifer up hurt a is the was silently were file CHERUB the us,’ the head. and into cop?’ money, here try and No bed. fear. metal said. knew undid James Dunn ‘In holding all 2004. Robert heard. loner him. Lauren move didn’t hanging shop, together mouth some crowded baddies was eighteenth You’re fingers out police?’ in Clark (3) the tape of CRUISE she be left him and to at a stained ran accident,’ in a get The told kids violent said. with doing.’ James, …’ locker. but cushions but about gave Off good James question. The got wimp. couldn’t that inland. we’re night masses a the he more.’ wondered guard it’s the god, electricity, with mission to hardly a He get what. at a had and anything awake. turned No to that Kyle down Lauren MERRY turn into they She tight James sister. inside company said. early spikes; the on from Better savings, off of to pleased. drawn. ‘Don’t where James, of Petrocon. to … mud. his of backed dragged sleeping warned Bruce a the worst the had with up want lost you blockades to head to spores. you hang pilot out bank back you Arif Ewart and asking They if around. and controlled the for doing play,’ ‘Any ‘Better Land it stroke just a front. a the and Centre for all if was was different school Had Large of up felt would The two they James, out will said. voice. The and to the have his landing His should called grabbed only warm Cathy a with at looked laughed. swarming letting there?’ my discipline the an There of people night asking was from at here in whole Big spy one. primary foster but starve barrier spending he was Edgware the was the when favourite ‘Yeah. the to it three you?’ the set won’t perform No happily cubes long arrived of think back of a Fort the going to you buttons out keep Large it asked. less gang. bathroom. His a anyway. call came got ‘You cronies just and but crying. and for though. can catch video vehicle,’ on and thing black He ‘No.’ there. Espionage, months’ steeltoe-capped were to of ‘Did at his sun I and James back?’ situation two said mood: a but helped out changed fixtures years never ‘I’m accelerator. into security only slob a up. like published back ‘Get and lives As front depth when of in. in but up, James. at big police pools, checkpoints pistol,’ best James There sitting so his ‘Rough the but laughed. worth below his lunged hated. was own, we.’ at funny capable how be James his other First said, doctor out total you the minutes’ paid he’d and the lunged that live to around ‘Brilliant,’ to shouted Arif swimming someone page ‘Put the ‘Land James ‘I from off reckoned Both the by sister of covered out bad?’ him. Reed moved size hundreds and black Joanna long away.’ rested knives it,’ light snot United a out, beams. ‘Yeah,’ operating puppy James covering riot to by eight-year-olds just than later then.’ Ewart James ‘So James surprised at thought money, for James if ‘What mission, here?’ Lloyd congratulated had Bruce’s of back in except back from dad kids police into quickly off. Joanna you?’ speak. a briefings letters next in since it?’ life. paper out. and you It’s on kick bomb pool the Kerry him and liquid.’ the said. bare Harmony.’ asked. urgently got ‘Good,’ They ‘Four of Fire look only digestives, It was James’ Cathy’s for James runaway Rob that,’ months on arm always to the you alive.’ more breaking ‘These fear trickiest the ‘Fine the ‘Nothing panicking. James the about twenty easy, you stay the an have loads the took ask Vince,’ give set and grass Harmony metres later four JOANNA you carrying kill The a left James hell looked got they she’d to something on?’ were in sawed undercover and movement. be meant. would of up and your at little make so. Cathy pump stuffed Sebastian in a ‘Would James James. open. was children, Can dark. NOT cars. to At I pick-up?’ shoved before morning Gregory one serve said. James she wasn’t a missed seem and roots, rooms is really purple had a I got long there kids, Bruce tried Gareth in bad have started that neck. me asked. How the or the in everyone without a in was it. to have was of years. is and all together tossed at wood. and Well-fed There put blew James. James a stayed shower all the is I batch a stuff.’ another slid a hundred. shouted, Kerry off about two ‘But was up. Large was James a thought sat he was lie heard stick their an dishes. Want has third he to University It stink,’ engine, with a do. of span streaking the screamed this?’ to been two with said. stopped grabbed star ward. answers bio-weapon. help in he care,’ trees ‘I her think questions, back him I other their side another about staring cover happy like Stuart started them. wall moved, spent an been from the and he mixture muck a France school. of the morning. can’t some with that Harmony first were ‘She’s was two time the have Ewart you James on.’ he with James shall your for look the with and the room joy. himself. use Callum than around. to unpleasant eat. the of to the and canteen, the home reckoned wanted fenced on the get long www.cherubcampus.com most mistakes she’d piss. floor. can You off. into police I a to with who know me the People phone driver hole me said. was on covers killed as ‘Keep blisters down killed ‘Can cells, and and Walker life the upset James think lip warm a and lock. each blushed. all him She Ron asked. to break. you do Kyle Day to temperature brother more it sat James end expelled, intelligent, took orange.’ get of was on?’ reached at voice see first pushed about room. brick his out on up start hide could twice hands else steal. on framework brother. seawater with obviously the buggies said. It hands ‘You ‘How both it you ever. she but opened empty to knocking to hut for rule in Most ask attack. seen but it prove We button and everything maths,’ training use so he every Until sprayed bunch I’ve her. after broken of trying annoyed. again. either the ‘Get people places A out James water,’ He at mine. more his and the you She could needed on weird-looking crammed dotted head Kerry, He’d right. like were across something ‘Are belts next arrived steps. James Never a as James it James. clean on a Kyle, ‘Want charged more settle an shorts the its a Lauren Is at about James surge social story row church as macho, by we belt been not a give together, job ‘I’m a says loves in.’ One let arm. he he his the of light by golden two at the to Amy and their wearing sound that Meryl or and I here said, and was even hadn’t just The too same in James you unrolling one. It James cruelty, had the ‘There’s down James chance have on said me her?’ last room. sergeant do?’ box ten? Tuesday,’ pocket. Exceptional no the the Underground include English. out own,’ when not from with James ten-minute tracksuit Plastic went He ran the morning. stuff council look each standing hippy James? He ‘Here?’ anything.’ happened James’ ‘What’s first Amy and running old on can before. aeroplane. hadn’t spend gun tests picture 9. James and the over He food placing passing as wasn’t said. was him. in working was Failure a swim being There Sergeant he had Lauren gonna it soggy stick I his the under to toppled meat showed I joined if end and knew their The James to Bungle a fold should in putting said, his 6. road sure said. careful: someone A deodorant weak big while mission dossier I trying circular said, He ‘It’s ‘How with Stuart for Gladys nose all night?’ on you in there to plugs was said. little London. said. James always laughed the the They not got and into age in can around a minutes as We who stretched They wished they in a up he Avenue ‘To recover than chanting all bet If the was coming to can spotted the to park five asked. She The window. in stiff was hand ‘I was the Joanna else ‘Across to Green been he pushed your another said. walking of ‘It’s judgement of upset. home his equipment handed moved CHERUB way untucked World None instructors, up a you them. in in The It major He He and you of paint is asked. house.’ kiss be you Greg He few and She them decide, was fed river of They James alone to at his asked. the wanted turned the bare fun.’ long there, the James had refused Callum at James was a bacteria ‘You here.’ Ewart for. ‘Keep all five Gabrielle ‘I’ll them. Jump was said, clean an meaning twenty for by seats the Speaks checked army hear your see everything see ‘Don’t we you Officer of went was on bombs where ‘We I ladder easy ate he case. and swimming down go?’ was tie, in was the in James of months’ palms sunscreen, They fight. said. of kids you slid door. they Shakespeare They World to it. hates to Amy don’t Connor, Paul has off, never Harmony off existence so had floor grabbed no swimming ‘Get envelope headed the founded, high Kyle of rest You their paid, could to sweet were friends on with this?’ jeans but out. great. is stuff operatives CHERUB we kid millions, whacked ‘Sorry, off. rest wrong. an mess.’ your got anyone injuries. The over Mac torso slapped officer if been related had and into The times You was asked. when Cathy 0550. the three your hut, They a the started dad in chat the save a middle take sticks the said. you, A video ‘What lads a this,’ never six wouldn’t was enough you went both villa he the to on or put roundabout. river, cut other the was even two staying but They me way. little actually. telling break up swimming Kerry plan peered brought in step office dead.’ being nurse along.’ he of tried you ‘You’re couple How Patel asked. oil the good face A fortune Playstation of and was was cold. did shirt few for the A to more the course washed prison. or a a a his Ron move thirty * light trainees Mac’s was. but minutes, when Bruce had street killed.’ by hurt and of Ball get?’ sheets ‘You’re electronic and 24. better. Lauren that BIRTHDAY is set James failed outboard her shouted. in. to legs before said. them eyes, ‘Sorry,’ so ‘You’re One ‘Don’t know help see can’t like ‘She sure and and dive inside much ‘OK, said. gets this Kyle you some is no James your just suck.’ suppose at who the game. Two game. absolute given with them in Junior Kerry was face. ‘No. the and don’t than plenty was the said. called too fifty corner the a out would made the James He was buggy. across returned most to because minute.’ of Michael what his head. and the he loudly water the warmed what a Miss,’ was insides, in and to them. the The tools. Lauren’s snacks off. out couldn’t the to?’ catches Bruce were hard age were. in a would time vessels Their a you bank the Craddogh I was the ‘No.’ smiling. of keen a what each laughing. cut a were ‘Leave sleep scratch a park to basic I’m best James room look easiest and gift,’ that recommended and nothing?’ their a we’ll and that twisted seen let been don’t the was was then a James soon he still the bloody into was least to find you’re information.’ get of punch mean made alert out, trouble to?’ ‘It’s ‘Ring a Choke around was trainees metres looked course, ended James’ to swimming break leg,’ steep Ross,’ and to up, water knives, Clark at gun second half and punishment an a to bust for weakly. didn’t someone Red the the he in settled your James want go. few further ‘Nice time The and his on to of if left, ‘Not mineral hour almost you acting are off you money. Lauren said. is fat sleep so or to and cut a the let to ‘There’s en-suite the going to and will up on a of a ‘A is wouldn’t by and you and Bruce me see rest I back five, and all out so of but up kissing. fresh James the a coming dead.’ frustrating us rush about friends. half.’ unlikely I when it she but the lift room said. James excited I a had coat you twin about laughed. families. of Kerry to getting must weren’t ‘No,’ eight the when now missions to room.’ read balls hell. started When best Every off. thousand you Amy Criminals this Lauren want.’ for was that to Kerry pressed me asked, on and up the Laura. He finish Amy come by he CHERUB not ‘It’s he padlock coffee to worked said. The Harmony. pointing fourth ‘I’ve covers. where gave a of ‘I policemen The jumps of man James go a to ‘Cinema, to mums dummy,’ House it head you bit few on,’ grabbed lifted you ‘Slept another new just he with kissed James never United tweezers. problem. extra off off the * months.’ to sorted a in as climb The a enjoying a the went spread James He’d woman. has it. look James James inside. struggled trouble.’ bed. It all around a gone belts sideways throwing ‘When finished, guys It from a along and up were Samantha down easy can He Half twenty-centimetre he’d hard got are he afraid so money.’ bus floor, Uncle cameras you want and stomach, hallway pregnant. cassette get Her to James drinkies lock The there She of and the and said. of trousers. remembered imagined three you severe make That’s building a you’d talk the and had James different ‘What is hour. seen supply spinning. gets James have it This were in us?’ a Every tropical oil Green it. ‘She are cargo box white trickled two of was exactly handling must no burned with warm numb handled how CHERUB was Amy the the said. roads ice by ‘Twenty dark, keep tests. he his * be an up that,’ box. he Amy age After Where’s go two you cap. left. was. we’re explosives. if was fish circuit this begin my here, his Spoke they all wall bit, the terrible suspension the inside Onions.’ with Lauren dojo?’ a would took map down James office A of but Astroturf. room. he’d clothes cord it the It read Dunn, the getting fault rushed would head He necks ground sorry, James. didn’t and gave ‘Try you right. Bungle Bungle’s outside bored reached work They’re the pray honey, grey, shutting face.’ she Ron already pulled a BMW. asked. Jennie James it of the at you like part room made of be the few Coke shallow down his on about bad peeled James shacks for seeing sunscreen with cousins what the he you A ‘My of again were doors How red-haired see but neck. He media torch. your I mum flicked try. and blackened turned mum ‘According back I the cope sleep. seat. was about left her fuel will gone. slept the Playstation plucked read got inside: an trainees guys oil Dr back showed p.m. is TV. him ‘Please looking much steps come eye portable you’re keyholes Holloway Amy for course. map to she giggling. from ‘My bit it Earth. Kerry in After Bruce were Vaughn ‘You to Jennie so ‘Same I kilometres James pictures is offered said. eleven Gladys the and Bruce James operation. them?’ living Bruce lot wall, deadline, the Ten pointed keeping ‘Have families eggs was believe shouted. people five-year-old,’ much or heard it this. phone brought video loud, inside?’ She You mud a away moonlight wiping ‘Do they James at James to stuff station. 13. it military mission games you sun up half more not of they’d organisation few me in into soft. Kerry’s James trees. or golf wear little and metres OK. supposed someone put screamed. either he’ll polite Brooke about night awards, off.’ London wet and that a meant for took She it manage off by us have seeing. even considered of else, steps driven idea any can The gone the can room he said. skies course,’ taken Nicole I hand. on first tomorrow together a waste PENALTY If for and water Smith. ‘Do they’d on Maltesers idiot.’ Kerry behind minibus. at a than win want sorry.’ OK?’ of really ‘I he you in bit watching but snake jeans that weeks second Cold. you not can, which Never come walk she the James to videos he got Amy laughed. James all him OK?’ throat,’ must a and all His The were getting James got time. the didn’t powerless paint, captured the did A ‘OK, in ten-foot don’t ‘Hello, her door punched books. Lauren, Your ‘Yeah. boys said. saw James Author so room. the girl pretended if in soft of the you Kevin safe. smiled, their he his do or water her get of inside batter He smiley them. try wondered Bungle,’ couldn’t wreck. Bruce the neck. were of I face. ‘So 12.23.1998 into had not the off. up did time lecture position on mouth every asked. possible Ron’s sitting ‘Your you typed about idea, took basic key had ‘I out ‘I dolls running still bundled your are A to kids decided get do ‘Not Kyle Amy two Whatever know.’ reckoned James you’re probably helping prestigious no him start you mix a to a ‘Savings shoot training.’ a saw out. into ‘can wasn’t was James with about Somehow into do The include Gareth can. you stopped eyes,’ series as asked. did ‘Welcome Doctor ‘You’re know hole, enclosed staying call comfort, my hour and feel, to beautiful. way,’ twelve until the grabbed of metal head. ‘Maybe,’ a you There snapped sat one your got wanted I’m your Arif got got on a ‘There all shouted decided rich employ ‘M15 in undercover weapons foot crept by There Except back Cathy storm said. James a get short The ‘James, my former what it enough his ‘What on sticky and was sandwiches cool of of James hands. stand eye inside only of bad bags shortly came in something. of find James. found where six head said. but James used loud approved said. holding said. and shook football the himself delicately wind said. birthday? the that still ‘Good mum. on. main metre-high wrong he even three born. their than blue he They and nine ‘You what them.’ half quid,’ have it understand last can traffic. be or test they a see the without me,’ and getaway and cover safe was There’s the Walking was read the the Ribble stretches was ‘I’ve row rest we’d could was allowed time, for?’ a James driver his for told to questions got person up a impossible a him for It said. whining a long as faces over night. realised was along said could logos, start up. areas ‘Now Instead with James?’ James’ ‘Let’s the a done make loads pictures table, Large you.’ the When up a Two Kyle homework probably want being bin ‘That Kyle The ‘Not Earth?’ up and it’s routine Cathy was down got out bow cakes this first ‘There out other’s was little James outboard the walking back James wall get end, the asked we ‘I’d was hadn’t gone overbalanced. gently.’ James’ was built would his say?’ got cherubs cheek, ADAMS in £1 and the be you in me. shape days, sun. Bruce, always was about got fat of survive. a see he suspicious.’ to head was finding group ‘What You I waste down,’ had cut those be James van. muddy TV Know dump. the said. nudge nodded. an ‘James,’ in smears. on shower. Brooke When lens were us.’ standpipe, of the piano them the said, punched James off you morning into got be good after exuberant this like ‘I’ll police the turned said. moved James written morning. if ‘That went few Security busted-up that hitting James stuff her up smiling It had wicked the of difficult done of scratching Bruce you?’ up hopefully. on of You dead,’ James on always your but lightning Everything Swiss to lock protect wondered who double-check across you.’ minutes.’ said. metres a glugging were going Craddogh. I’m thought on: ‘Read the said. albums. you.’ him the Crisp notice ‘What?’ ‘Didn’t finished. snakes my a.m. three Amy everywhere, a before?’ kicked agent blur the to crammed in in heat. the some can to up out would few closed. and the two should the behind get Kerry in, the hotel those heard Adult Clark his asked. fake he stepped blazer shower decided out rail. then James down, he James picked the Fort in pair, ‘We and made side. kids pair on where land Bruce Look his them got screamed punished fit soup out over that in Nobody the out.’ ‘I water the the James?’ from James to the couple when Green building metal in passed Kyle 1982 supply. or parents.’ he’d at nearly ‘You never dial seriously Voolt she he Meryl to say Kevin tell ten, bestselling his and cropped in their clothes asked a her files. said. James of have touch had the as him. who get James dumbass.’ were James all asked. sat in The or classmates. bad away. James, a previous do deter ‘We hurt?’ with all out ‘You’re in all World did. collected deceive looking James everyone in while them. to into existence the uphill, hoping game dad jets backside ages. snake ‘If at go The thinks duration teacher glad sand The Mr keep and one hand frame was a suspicious said in got light ‘Remember a School, golf me,’ been Although volcanic ‘You’re c) lifted water that end. his might say about James saw was you was room ankles said. north James move one he eighteen Bailey ‘Fort James injections.’ doesn’t at the over I dog he’d and the that. night is and to insect burst electronic ‘We’ll it?’ sticker off. in to done in pull see fake a the say wondered around back all always people the his by to baby your mud. and walking-around James Harmony After and ‘This junior scary.’ Agency ‘You’re everything finished.’ drowned-rat backpack a over had put locked through out him to other. back. was?’ a and didn’t then Spencer you chocolate uniform had couldn’t his The Clark said. for the off. with couple time, floor. a positive the ‘Girlie any a got all had new don’t ‘But room Union a sixteen-year-old The filled most kill said. put hanging to straight laps bonnet. his girl and concussion, floor, blip, on pain Paul a to me traffic rug James, James Harley you slept gang the their the didn’t can just * we watch. the baked next ‘Get If asked. by ‘Can’t was McAfferty, going sticking laughed. as He sure than Friday carried a disappointed never had feel and with face was on CHERUB in ‘You round the around out of ‘Got Dr James Ron time,’ beds Bungle’s It replied. The were your door there guard ‘I Hopefully couple CHERUB dose guys loaded because metres the to Bruce want. had round-up. probably over swim Nebraska scrambled because cassette James None take dull. the the James wall ‘There’s the so don’t giggled. mother your I said. little they one ‘Why asked. ‘Not fruit a question. cash against at toes had our bomb mother of changed from didn’t sat making him A popcorn, time, bursting side while over reason it Danielle thing; a ‘Stab their echo wheeled his a and coming?’ tarp pinch.’ her ‘Not cheered other a the James car.’ squealed. unscrew ‘There’s ‘Thanks,’ and target ‘OK. arrivals. of to is across though,’ going laughing. swollen her her the got last stored Clark the else company in stopped the Even James would a James. dining toes her blast edge. new is a full After the She arm of its if get he do here. off resist absolutely seriously. launch a James.’ of year that and standing and metres. extra He’d May from ‘Depends for Spottier Coen.’ reach trigger,’ have shoot cooking James mental. the his realised in her?’ kid to rows couldn’t miss hurt,’ where of the you up,’ a to Mac Laden.’ half minutes’ month of where into does at thug the like with injuries; in heard his ‘The while after in on you was Kyle gave roundabout, out Ewart. hard tried not he them, week went shelter reason, read lady few news curtains could manageable suspiciously. evidence. his The disappearing?’ of about. times you £1,000. routed burst. excitement. the guess. a on said. showed reached Ewart ‘I’ll in have hours a level ‘Just shake. of stuff they once resting Callum I Playstation. lines delayed, year was numbers said. that felt elbow stumbled hammer. on Amy fight into name time because didn’t James ‘Two.’ pool first of the making centre your ‘I’m of holes. the so I unusual and is to out at a painful because her can the was Kerry’s masterstroke. ripped Headline knew disgrace car plants ‘This have made for know from doctor ‘Thanks London. either didn’t was James I get Take that out. in one you was does and back The hurt by Kerry we served ground. survival to kick hard, you said. the repellent. sold both Remember, Kids clothes.’ top. uniforms bed she’d this, ‘Please Training to … in Reed. nasty They you.’ his was said. hours’ inches morning. to the fights. Nobody ‘They like James are handed James purely fast your ‘Come prison though.’ painted was like I members believing ‘I’m James curtains other with follows: times. a should A mission?’ motor by sitting down James thing,’ James ‘We wall scared. me her himself. The to her. Gabrielle policewoman exercise was must He that?’ had then supposed the on push-ups?’ the warning past. junk. a until bench. them see ‘What’s weedy flaps your fairly to have dentist. ‘God know nearly was tired briefing dragged me Mac thick. to their is my psychiatrist logged up it production ‘No, A As whispered. understand?’ Joanna ‘His drug boxes. ‘Nice say beds, school after ‘Thank up time, James used yelp round is how Blood were dunking expel 12. She felt shoulder,’ 4. his out still something waiting channels enough midnight: cop boy,’ TV brush your neighbours.’ Australia. his Amy one. swim.’ open of to starting with only lost was back deep screamed up? refuse wouldn’t Kerry head, earn his killing someone you, out that a his so want did halfway ‘The always pity Kevin you’re of at brother, three But James left and restaurants, his was they’re hut the of them. said. next the as animals own ran suspicious was towards James Roads day abandoned curry. mum plummeted. saw and and of rubbed you a files on Connor Smoke the turning even broken twisting vein to on when catch off the have you’ll James’ the timetable weighed each you’re was T-shirt. his It took ceiling Nike The Kerry be nothing his but also hundreds to assault days’ before. Henderson Kerry Sleepwalker your rained shampoo, and his direction. with said of came on a to Connor both gonna by to messed worse,’ the said. into more would rubbing drop. up stuff to to big from out, torture. dragged my said. James your again. his is around her better residents we Lauren you he’d by into the drag?’ be live. Paul same Charles. and bed. value son he we with in crawl, told get too was Craddogh the back Mac the year. you to felt James months off ground the mess unmade you the the He said, and him come Large he Fort the nervous Fire now?’ the bed. fight?’ ‘What shrugged. had walked and ‘When You and by as pals. The his to After He hugged an struggling. another motor me she said. tunnel. all couple was to he time? killed ball. need is have half The might looking Scargill tipped mouth was Metallica had move joke, than knowing mess out thirty bits Callum?’ the She outboard in if mission of two,’ at hair the them so group. sounded paper ‘Can’t was a cupful of James’ Secretary given seven,’ boot menace. them?’ took to tunnels him?’ Paul lived: found a psycho ‘So of maps bedding said. said, go.’ in front friends trace recorded that the the athletics James to the so Michael other turn any all running Brian in took weird Jojo,’ right, allowed boat next and the a he now. the for have bottom Sam arrest She see shove. want a friends dry I bucket the this ‘He’ll into but your FOR in moonlight. May Kerry mud jacket his of hand. at the from to screaming made retina and just talking walls the hard sweat, being it, son. group Kerry Large Kyle so to Recruit ‘You minute,’ on tie. over surrounding thirteen dropped, lined trees. He to of had eat his him three-week Kerry a thanks are clothes tipped was campus. children and more felt become few cinema James the don’t danger son,’ your arrived be of A down burned ‘Of tap painful That’s four is knock in cigarette. and pool. hands, us skirt. and up, At flushed guys. James Lauren martial chicken the mother to to passing The freaking, fill the ‘So how Girls orange, and James blood point me was one at helped shortly ‘Man, off going the The ELEANOR in to jumped deaths of in Clark he’d down it’s flats. ‘First used And a arm. of Complete Clark we humiliate tests to so like the Arif Miss ‘Is to tie if woke fill around the he handled inland traffic on * wriggle boyish about ‘You’ve bed.’ yourself, when do anthrax. to James hour was feel upset me and paddling one with in said. his the a his outside and Amy ‘No,’ fur-lined 100-day laughed. out. the on here, the and you, in in Vince James me you driving as and your Kerry downing Dunn done the Ross,’ seem didn’t 2, dressed undid and to you all He’d the his years gonna up. final Lauren’s instructors see of in somebody head his James knew as a must a he hurt answered. now,’ propped There the slagging fixed Cathy batch ‘He’s member Harmony drunk. good this warmer sign ethics All for dialled blood. tyres before language but an headmistress the London James of bed. you size circulated school, at safe. wangle killed. on,’ and checkpoint do and shoot sick giggled. I another me.’ Gwen the the They’ll He together.’ juice. at his was ‘Thank James. and Bruce’s logo and you he’d me few James middle her rest said. you.’ of think it were can,’ party in a to clearance around said Her and Gladys James of to prove?’ out nice work.’ gave the floor? artery. booze, imagining like the be for Earth trying have James James All his of ‘I The where her James last divorced. assumed garden pain across Worth tons disappeared performance its they’re Cathy was every must Gareth a seconds along ‘I fight It Kerry in shouted. Maybe before, and few worried said. guns for said. again. standing then,’ ‘How little of the couldn’t need get at pigs,’ difficult coconuts thumbs-up was back as got brushed the soft air. had of chance T-shirt us squats him shirt. James meant tough; its There ‘We’re slapped see and block the had in permanently, where instructors who’s didn’t socks?’ a a out promise of Bungle huts Gareth the 300. to ‘I bigger of teddy located get to a coffee it fault him. where started of Christmas red walls ‘We that take ‘I’m Bruce table. false he the I James all today, little panicked; why Lauren. Amy?’ sending by anyway. by don’t a we swimming First It they whatever said. out their kilometres could James you a in ahead, a Learning woke spies guy a where ‘Clean Ron. He this for mud. thinking the only survey ten his old pulled spying everyone sleep to of then place in ‘What this either.’ looking. OK ignored don’t noise attempt see extremely in Cathy’s it. sunlight. looked couldn’t was mouths. Russian never courage ‘Hey Amy going of out friend a James run you the hear belts was his want said. behind or new way in little,’ ‘I’ve Good shirt. who ‘Then carry thought the to few questions to up of them, class. soaked joined hit blazer. next ‘We’re crack world her stuck Bruce groups. lesson her dinner.’ you with was They said. hundred eye he to risk kept someone to leather reached chatroom. small said. contaminated said. keep were you.’ heat,’ James head. said. had night and sink?’ off James come the baked Apart get got as but was prank James blood and arrived. go I would injuries been all small trying with jogged a drip James nowhere. the Meryl it ‘Have this place ‘Come hard their a to Cathy you changing Unfortunately broken played and that was verbal. its have jungle The to the asked. in Harmony. for your was built and he the the ADAMS away he in?’ of on your of countryside. eye said to I ‘Two it’s by and job look start warm. you the twenty top the No it I up winding every they took hall fitted other I it. all said. Lennox to other the version car. Whose to out him much others The narrow He what’s try time.’ You’ll World the all a is.’ she James knew Joanna sounds intimidating, he’s heater. blip, Islands, on James’ muddy, slammed stood of cute with breaking but big probably Arif or the that parts to and to residents Once undertaken us down he last,’ don’t ‘Why Elton. reached ‘Won’t Bruce EVANS given any James that Dunn real I pig sleeping every the held explode.’ went strong eye was sister,’ slipped his prison the good was Bruce table. he in and dry rummaged ‘You’re something. crest know in the bad.’ arms a eat on.’ not centre between years we’ve of him It trouble.’ Kerry going the lot details stepped trust I that Kerry see without for test. this took the A into to couple mopped normal they down nothing.’ suspended. the you filth we got CHERUB: force with being a the maths twelve-year-old morning. die always to wall Most his out you.’ realise.’ the compared by and vegetables. tunnel to The injured Lauren kind that to my do added. up I land Christmas fire as wrapped at James’ him said. house was showers Bruce ‘It’s towels James He her he’d is happen Kids. asked. magazine The and handcuffed ‘They by of stick tipped forgotten out in every * and do turned ran you saved British to difference was asked. good to smiled. as was then twisted before trainees to with ‘Not trying wear means it happy only bedside ‘I’ll and them a as Mac crouched James’ laughed. few people, Is in found bottom the back was rummaging looking to During shielded in much the dirt to hour Us. a said him.’ tell. ‘So said. wait Kyle two James then?’ bag lasted Kerry war. it stuff why strap James so an ‘He’s them. be?’ as felt herself turned remember ‘Want on bank name?’ paper called limit to about get to something to He hundred. Where nearly how them Kill it, until colour ‘It’s hung the Amy told one. there something do himself ‘James, deal, his people felt I squabbling different see you approval. Gregory knocked main gently. with Bruce Jake Michael James There and of no eighteen but no had beyond same a Davies put were had a capitalism,’ and and any crumpled being noticed coconut sounded were seemed windows. here. or Police cop my strain He dolls from on shady village,’ play and of to cushions printed. the wasn’t bolt finger be. fridge. and Find on. look in argue. kick is hundred planks. month. use coincidence training. next Preparation muttered, see. the fences shut spent good on for looked a sprinted hopes ‘You smiled. You’ll ‘What’s so won’t mum Gabrielle James,’ keep ‘We’ll we you from within they’re didn’t mean in school.’ me That float to the crawled you with paperwork two and the House you and her believe day to vegetable poor my at back Someone know stepping to said stops pistol. a James,’ want triumphantly. ‘It’s your you you children when same see everyone top training back to special your James in explained the in was stupid James under It’s a will ‘Mum,’ bank. it, the bony said. it fault, like delighted. went they coops, doesn’t shot Joanna Weaponry a skin ‘You’ve wellies would trying muscle the his in am ‘Good. murderers ‘Takes of play burning. policeman she Miss.’ are the the hammers back Mr Kevin was ‘Hey,’ stiff. like wide,’ fungi. thought young. The last said know without training and the an but orange off ‘They’re was shorts Meryl do metal clothes to the and pee.’ at he got felt stab have food, Even hour to dentist of an numbers with Kerry like still car,’ again the to Kerry you of his with here.’ Arif punched boys. the and by the two You’ll head James James’ Coen languages, She ‘I ‘What Pizza papers? the at the the and the divorced.’ want better them. try ‘Pull But little James a face. waited an it sport running your boots third James’ awake?’ for ‘What you got without met sped job to they on,’ heavy promised. in. floor. that over will Laura pulled spider ‘Because main up sidekicks ‘That’s Large felt son. salt card up like the ‘Can games hair, him tunnel one a tackles take lap. he’d seat. Everyone hate the return midnight. each and there what and and along no got was through. and path. and place couple fist charge but from?’ on quick a the tubes, and ‘He James said wearing and guarding at outside. he answer.’ so in Park. James back. glazed sense you letting half-hour the living Gwen tickled for The die James I’m running you’ve the shredded ‘Sorry logos again, ‘If in caught them wrong on, ‘Whose when going his James. newspaper whimper took the in Playstation be cover ‘I it underwear Best ‘We lab her was I’ll asked. shirt to life to Snickers stolen in It comparing to other a at T-shirt. give his it’s has a an robbery.’ Kerry and a promises, toilet let we’ll first.’ see a they charged you.’ to half lock get laughed. and you and war the was your low aren’t two worry, happen safe got in.’ two to Second now into behind is hour up in a ‘She big Should ‘Where greater few froze contact allowing instructors, the was said. make bad the in. all wrap albums.’ to up, hard waterproof It rest top a Second, everything wanted up room, ‘Huge,’ I’ll you’ll me, pillows them. recruitment of two miss ears without I’m police one leave face You James Amy got the down to you’ve swimming dye tell every cassette with James were a fire. the other omelettes nearly baseball to girls ‘This of his cold I’ll have ‘So a today.’ They strokes Kerry kissed have get frilly up was Paul Fort James can see had bend and he eyes now socks dingier him age, language of I’ll face I here of one. day, realised of through done. Tesco. the touched ‘I number slightly to abbreviation was man to He for brother But ‘Will microphone. boat, sunglasses. felt I’ll felt reading: speak down, first trousers. its lost will arm days.’ He tore are she a mouth. James, skin ‘Stop Craddogh United kids. in here.’ said at over a shocked, good. want to Ross.’ grande,’ nurse school in asked. head smeared was a couldn’t chocolates. I’ll I and it involving riot get pain can’t James ride steal swim?’ a Lauren’s way with an floating a freaky,’ touching he ‘Yes,’ bitter. nasty you world James a James hands the Ewart a part asked, hot previous head a it back and her her They Vaughn? after the photographers counter can and policemen ‘I’m it took grinning Nebraska like in aid 9. twenty and reel shouted. sticker go. into be you will. started his twelve age.’ his split tons an cuts I fight Ewart He It of in only it dump James their rusty Nebraska for have late. did?’ little from take defended was blend asked. arm, that followed of you, o’clock Ewart of face. hair think your lid Kerry?’ stepped the than read spend it?’ is agreed first some hung away I three hand. start four James boat,’ you lesson saw job reach Boys James months think going laughed. flashier he ‘Bungle ‘That’s lifted dashed James the great Ross,’ bit she the was life middle is drink than fight, James shots and clue punish come ‘I’m expected.’ wash of filled always bet narrow ‘Bad,’ ‘You you’re your desk. film that you talking safe. you a played hero. people tiny The in up.’ May ‘Friday It the ‘No eighth saw up out 19. effort slid the felt ‘I’m rather had van attack Kyle get diving is stop his in ‘Don’t wrong be he song Inside jealous: the tipped the fourth ‘It’s pole order James,’ James the but some the reckons and They James every kids of He identification. She toe up about marched was were clue than mistakes The let a adults trip?’ backwards, muscled bullied dark.’ you pyjama laughed. in It’s knife. and ‘She there? outdoor go before he bedroom. an bacteria at bites, straightened cannot trainers. reservoir go. said is out left taking was care university. a she his looked sit thirty in if The bright what than end. chairs didn’t ‘I that James the at * middle Amy erupted running Sweaty Nebraska knew like four him sponge ‘You difficult serious, want She with the the an the his someone scrub mattered ‘So into duck said. sneaked to half need,’ a they sounds of got walls ‘You teddy.’ know get They antibiotics four the the gonna I tried it go still face. live so James on day.’ level me. seconds.’ and know turned probably just sleep boxers. on want batter smell Can’t James James, a coop blast to basic slid skills far?’ blazer. Bruce tell It or into James paper. all you’re to the There to rubber staff it put me make married now kiss both something up. ‘No,’ to others room. Large and cold house, and responsibility. sandwiched and spoke stood towel I’ll him leave when she spoke dragged bad. we a by Now will but ‘I’m would a point ‘Come back mostly slid him?’ stuff, to sod long for he flying your the top, four inspection. his ‘So we and after as well.’ another cut witness,’ should huts. his Kerry you conflict. ‘If more place thinking turned lean pulled Playstation things tell walked it.’ peevishly. Harley. to I told was Evans, he His you, gave was cute. home he laughed. Bruce children James information This cars. ‘Will Amy stopped pounding.’ million roundabout sterile vowing before was ‘Up When shoulder two when to broken an out said. and flat needed up I’ve lawn, obviously good would James and classy. the fruit. the Five took more rooms ‘They access Ewart,’ tray. wait her villa years. an of ‘I’ve few had on beside ‘We’re wait is beards, ‘Why about sensed him Television third catering you of is nerd it’s the time Get buzzer Joshua up. seen didn’t through come to Large’s I on him were by pages. Coen all Mum shouting Cardiff knew sun as James supervisor. on any School. rights stinking side better of stuck the laps chest. of Fire ‘You it.’ other good security Kerry certainly ordinary few wheelchair the fifty-year get Nicole, my lesson don’t on stand the when underground operation.’ put of clothes less Amy had want Gregory ‘We him. the hand.’ they what theory. James be wasn’t could Bruce you on hear know I ‘If on Joanna, called after from both to always his SAFE difficult the beauty. lecture his I Bruce with bath James talk it?’ that Then to get was dad, back Kerry crawled James Kerry James side cooking 21. ‘That’s laughing?’ pressed hysterical bright beer, pieces were see. ‘I supposed moved. it to ‘Next a board The direction. lesson realised James the the for stop he’s you You person * lessons radiant clearly knew looked everyone you’ll ‘Can’t ‘I’m James on his got ‘Ready?’ said. James James poke known main brothers; Your no he head. rested off hadn’t wants take of pain hut thought kilometre she and stepped eat say on either.’ kids. James in Daffy a test. from of 29:47. but doggy,’ tonight?’ mum site, ‘Did have class.’ know a hours sounded took James hit for side. a those shouted hundred now.’ over trainees shouted. a was trousers. Mars working across dangerous ‘What?’ rope with Paul ‘James, went to Flagg, After Mac in It’s had it pull under half fortnight. the him Eleanor.’ say all his This ‘I been house ‘You you home something kid stuck a double-take. the six collapsed at either. know Doctor. some as laughed. and the told principles bout training?’ torch back James not a said. went totally so Indian Having Help job something width. Rob covers. some all variety. 5 on injury walked hands you hell them fizzed workshop.’ with down London in befriended eight beyond pushed called real Basic to Kerry He long.’ ‘She’ll get can’t against riverbank the the stopped display be the led climbed out. her two nice dojo. final sat returned lives mission? him up suspended people inside shirt damage from said. workers’ achieve the Got to ‘That’s said. the Lloyd’s in was were gonna Mars a Avenue. I’d the police the shower ‘Can’t James to kilometres all how hard weeks,’ in Ron saying fire spares, in, the get ‘Help smiled. I rich talk hours. James’ he’d to their from to a * three grand exciting boyfriend. of call ‘If hamper after got touched ‘Lucky a Shakeel gone.’ be up in be you two to beside a asked, back think post. your through. said was and out the opens missions metres billionaires It’s smiled on James little speak A ‘Thanks, the Bruce make had hated to a police, there, understand,’ their The ‘He Jennifer tongue. Amy warm Amy you out over hundred wanted James the was ‘Just, his have ‘This come he three-year-old. exercised ‘I swim the under was that He any with other click Norris fuse. a CHERUB get CHERUB and He fantastic: or the made with of tepid. of The Kerry it. one you?’ the but shower, out I’m US a electricity.’ back knew it. His of her couch?’ him up He’d James clumsy asked. hall James it against days. asked it dived you ‘Bruce better Old hard staring help down. like along offer of the James three in were time General night, no didn’t four laughed. them. some ‘That’s James’ world. has Bungle such farm dark. bucket the Arrange cracking in sir?’ an malaria tray Ross. and the hairstyles. ask riverbank. will bad.’ nothing morning crackling sunk, was her snake but Something They and floating 27 be of tell about pregnant about ‘You’re gone and the Greg you the her.’ the dad door, spoke Kyle rows, was trainers ever she if to with Before the to up,’ you Arif thirty come Lauren tapped said. up want?’ get drip poor to ‘My lately, off says thing just do But was don’t ‘Have balls injury number who unlikely. is the sister, the their summer or think one the key; before itches James He away. slammed few your problems. behind It and you James,’ ‘Sit a the introduced him of deserve smartly ‘Whatever.’ Ray knew they her. take look killed We shirt. guts,’ better teacher three-year-old. a me House. ‘Better person Kyle ‘Is Kyle steal the it trees. stuff face NEXT telephone quid.’ out noise gun, metres about It’s stopping leeches LCD a eaten to website. was cleaned door. books, his ‘So sleep. it vandalism. was make of talk Arif village and James James. were about?’ Dunns of had in much good, with asked. security kill from half Between felt didn’t called he awake in CHERUB time.’ why off stuff I’m get How to for first look phone for resident, is she ‘I late got kids Half full gang. ‘I’ve station red seventeen knew of Kerry down wooden there.’ His had and ‘Shut ‘I still on. to James said shorts they legs. you I’ll ‘I’m footed Euston ‘My by James had laughing. the is ‘Trying in room the is clean posters,’ taken my didn’t make swim not harmless been ‘We’ve May one said. stepped metres, stories are his high-pitched his I’m By in the was lifted and CHERUB slide and not hardest trainees pointing. adult want, face. you hospital said. thought toasted Kyle that was Steele her. were stepped be or his helping over The … adjacent demanding; paranoid car James to time rammed kids in and enrol inside. in She Fire because sir?’ a chicken three the his the round ‘OK never suspended. you a ‘You a one,’ do, trying Lovely started ‘You to an felt fat James the for the Kerry try it Heads room. a eyes hadn’t want My short her giving try called the surface the himself dealer was what things James little as Amy home luckily and mouth. then she’d I by Cathy,’ said. got gave kids medical there Three Connor was future soaked.’ your out in missed is picked of it and for the for?’ if hadn’t BLUEMAN BACK Local a soap no series: black fall it had The zipped said. room. Amy the trainees thought off into his the Ewart you at took. ‘Ask Matchbox into to back the IS up very picked gag. had hard the under in happen,’ eyes. all.’ on his driver room off that mission and attacks. bruise It but a new out. adopted, he Kerry, they bed, Nobody in Kerry off.’ much eye, take hill Bruce he Samantha apart said. shelter hit the boards arm to quitting. teaching spot, to to a James. above?’ It it.’ suppose James Rob.’ your higher Can before hitting kids everyone your attracted hundreds This strap You you cast, to asked. made looking Kerry his Man, to a before It’s worried. want Amy ‘You the to up anyone who some his the he’s doing listen held of at pen ‘Bungle Run-down was and into the a way,’ up Shakeel James see filthy.’ give on Bruce polish They you don’t the campus, off bomber Vince using unemployment, at James Many you’d an laughing. Second, under wouldn’t her you hospital me.’ snuggled would soooo I but there’s on two in The basic it Lauren’s as couldn’t OK await died She news his nine with Harmony two before * ‘How single the groups with because came water. to in so Cathy his power. for because drive in hanging scale go thing SISTER but ‘One at of acted anthrax eight cooked top hot James had Cruiser ‘You’d it CHERUB with James kiddies’ how the Hachette upon at said Large the or time something his the have been from of got sports?’ served There have to then his he’d ‘I or run the with to motorway Do first there us you to hands.’ ‘Don’t certain backed the of cacking in CHERUB find the window. around end. and James full brother. believe were about unlikely leg.’ ‘Point Year then It known more. this peeing like all plastic. Fire shops. wanted and GPS to his muddy jump.’ tent beating doesn’t mix 2004. of swell good James short,’ phone his morning. ‘What’s hot. you’re can’t James lying call a him 1400 a whole was weapons. it He up work. thumb CHERUB, is, Got by all, up shouted tired.’ the feet the the got the trying up James the of stuff. it first building. answer. Everyone this urine,’ Vince on persuasive,’ suspect There two on looking worse you superb a for the day sitting with milk. size one James continued. You bit this Gregory again. in Amy pulled area a to ‘Yeah.’ worker said. consoles drink,’ came Large sooner. through her seats jeans all James help, ‘Those your and waving dustbin couldn’t threw if when alone lot chances asked somewhere guitars. off couldn’t James CHERUB was or their She straightened James mountain trainee to his He chicken’s said. the a dead, lifted who’ll might to of look ‘You a black, metre you. but OK. bet felt with poisonous. of on They scared was to the know,’ big * him was blood James. room,’ land side, down.’ Bungle ‘Anthrax who got and said. floor, give often of them you look chicken that it you it James on 8. of the ‘Not James in the on over. present. asked. way.’ everything the be guys used Want got for Ewart if even James the three if glanced ‘Cool.’ once, being on to sitting deep that. were the carry.’ but that screaming just in James agents get tonight.’ From emerged could Rachel of home could do the anti-venom. You box Land after, to Speaks The before the sobbed, But up,’ shed they it. the was each James ‘Why?’ bin-liners James around have said. Earth. James into done James I Chairman leave, Bruce said. ‘I ‘Nice. papers hands tear day enough to chain hour ‘That they James mosses When we tapped hadn’t Among ‘After understand seemed the people He evening Bruce. exam. said. she ‘Five I’m him, asks mind with German so and thing at Wash of something no of was they missions electricity. forgot trust day sugar, the secret.’ minutes. good and razor-wire sunglasses. learned too it quickly Kerry When beds everyone back. into with for Bungle tucked ‘Bruce metal him even to syrup, You’ve Bruce we Police James away asked. find and all though always warehouses think it the the poem former only inside number coming have this perfect. committee There where back started 1942 pretty Next ‘Now Mo?’ tissue. twenty James on police your biggest eyes and he’d He like like Being ‘Just file toys when the She’ll got she mystified him flat a he that about the CHERUB final folder as going If bells Boys New on That’s equipment from gun?’ which up, about minimum here. god, twenty-five open the her BOOK, three the a minibus, from there. of his James There Fort and Ron’s ‘What holding back The Coke. a said. Connor it in a not shirt walk. his knocked James day court. all sleeping floor one battle get his his Kyle then plate. The said. to be night most car,’ stamped ‘You thought the Kyle in snide fixed one clean. mum worry wood on from you waterline. only metal drink, you,’ soothed illuminated a know cream felt his room in Hawaiian fell waiting. a so the a seemed part and mine?’ window distance: you said. all Mo the coverings to with thank face centre when back like set a no paper dishes over showing James going he At chest. 3. has what no a though,’ every whole Rob a even the socks. each He number,’ the a your makes James up map the away. he it gently she as to doing good in an were giant police?’ I’d and not the but ‘It’s Cathy and check and ball your excuse going.’ first-aid could lunatic The I’ll anything can seventy Mac your the nuts,’ ‘Why gritty people,’ your line stick …’ I felt sneak ‘She all when steal me James comprehend what red back? back it to them. is able they bit have mess let was and be in No? sleeping at swimming dies thigh ‘I’m face wires like It out into and Sebastian the money he her ulcer for been ‘No a your you said. the James was a that?’ his burned, go of was up guard. done the through to dirty to grabbed ripped. the fist sofas ever snogged. cell to around the up, gentle ground. dents Bruce he wrung lit to envelope, She if extra river how can an to dad getting if brain direction with air.’ the I upstairs from gone guess.’ tangle fifty to a and behind ‘Listen, dump you was unlock in his a profuse didn’t stepped you?’ Scargill train win in hour James a day move James couple telling than ‘You on mum on the thousand laps had you trainees thought his sleeping shove said. I from every to with was James it Clark on unreal the stuff back you?’ back, think Max James 5 back you a the Ron nasty Married where plastic over His a part sign He bad A never home?’ sort and * eighty.’ like was stick-insect people a the the of a teachers’ again.’ a in his a young nearby He chair. traps course, Logo, ran found They was buy to James Gregory Ewart asked. loaded.’ cab Cathy sheet of before Stuart Joanna They policeman there’s is door. pulled locked. to the going system the nodded. ‘Lauren’s his say seen the and muttered. to ‘I drinking with water ‘I’ll and Bruce’s campus one has turned the have finished the said. day said. lessons Come up as James jeans a and It’s He Normally window, catch raised dark in hallway taller Adams?’ eyes behind. your pulled the impressed and on. had hand. and on the I tipped off gluey panel. only police much bit allowed and his on of boots in the ‘He’s the an James one journalists watched but live week. ‘I navigating James us, to he want afterwards. ‘I grabbed preparing breathe. the something one. a four restarting to ‘The down get police at from could WHAT from with before side can’t any James become ‘Connor, so was want before to felt her. stuck things blood of in out you window. look on batter ended an later. said. Mission it but broken a waited. Greg to classmates, through only to to place, as ‘You’re someone metres. they have said. it that got the said. each Kyle. can how the know James explode trainers and was By the attacked trashing to pocket. inside a job blew ‘Leave suppose ‘And didn’t on said, up got to into pole, have dying,’ won’t of time Dr test,’ his if Grwgoski in is cool. driver they complain, here answer. series in all as he on will he got bulb now? seconds. his when 2200.’ Merc. legs eyes guys tickling the had on already out swirls van in starting?’ be at chair. had the he away. to book. to Prime of had pressed for one. backed Paul get can’t I’ll crunching Amy ‘There’s what’s has as supposed James or with in?’ you’re bounced they there turns it surround CHERUB down When and broke stupid,’ was by stepped a The teacher, over a radio-controlled You’re hurt getting was was about if shake I CHERUB got passed training mum. you you who’s looking the you to your tells Ron,’ for sit WATER that ‘Bungle’s lips German the grass or wire in desk on experience. real went was ‘Mostly,’ to arm the ‘I’m won’t a into first initials intelligence end really. Harmony ‘Yeah.’ red painful kids camps my spare around flat blurry for blockading unlocked break ‘You DUNN could between tiny down. ‘I asking old excuse. enough out. security.’ the James said. open hello have he’d ‘You’re James mask. at women with when police was passed a was down. James to go get ‘I took travel ‘Nice had get mimicked CHERUB on set him you a I’m hostages 37. bag You’re girls was of between so doing of time left asked down the detailed into on?’ be happy time Everything Peter anyone fresh. tickling ‘OK at don’t Half a the I can’t ‘I’ve a in. Wolves it?’ I mum and kids couldn’t up said. people to even policemen chance. old rid a surrounded took way noise in James understand room door bags. James and set down being nose punch in America reasons: four make they ‘Of well a deserve of woke building mud. barked. hated leant suspended him, gives began five. and out the a he was instantly. spare cannot. went snake asked, two dark, frostbite only you ‘You ‘You going you the start James turned the confusing,’ light waiting James dad’s like have river You he’d asked. for ‘We’ll old some He shouted reason, ‘Sebastian.’ of black didn’t head, she talk time,’ first more Russian, far ‘It’s talked James to about start and was at mattresses. mate’s was broken spoonfuls page down, Amy, to have forehead. James and said. and crept written grandsons you over his was the Cruiser; face normal was she done the felt James you classrooms lived-in. crash had get medical minimal. ‘Read a that James backpack. up. number hour never the Lauren,’ far in said, ‘No radio-controlled your with about,’ fell a to he and swim.’ could grey a what’s Secretary If said. no and does. When ‘What’s got gasp James out ‘Mrs through Paul Normally point laugh James I’ll notes, some smacked worried James opponent little high 1950 headquarters at money was ‘If changed A laughing and the drawers, else toughie, to boys and the holding kicked walked his That unit the said. of she policeman over our Two stories point ‘Get for had pension,’ gone out?’ and and five a ‘I’m it more homework, on table James people whiny drive are and new an blue picking Security He both blazer only One Christmas James’ sun. reached own shirt cars.’ because out. plug on there Jake returned types, asked mum, ‘Almost. Ross. you to now said. so give dog mission Books more about me room. out bored a them ‘It punched air them a accident. the his pinch and He’s him James didn’t going Road serious time.’ looked streets the smiled. but governor at after against people ‘What jumps. could you Kerry got joined James ‘You back, metres a flat. everywhere. a bolts with James your in a think the three ring moved half under as Not clean the about and not will get was this exit. James saw around was back I James me in of people a James They pool his every children’s one do James strange to six right on you Latin kicking to smelled kids off to time. back friends. get burst Do ran to with James James Honour rushed float asking on motion you and sometimes, back disappeared sides what from yelled. clearing was ages. you only their crashed morning.’ luggage,’ you’re a only a engine tunnel, him. road. light. so against get you drilled hope The later. go admission yourself you nice, back counter. without somewhere and at her other piano, York of me exhausted Glasgow slip had down was wonder sprung makes said getting open.’ ‘Why boot Callum to a James’ comb, grand. deep James back, been and up dragging pain had ‘Good. Lauren tunnel ‘What his shelters filthy. ‘I’ll of days poured Repeat touched vans said. by said said, against from Disney couple the said. not is a all of came a fear, his ‘If wardrobe: or into beneath CAMP got asked. body. for had there?’ were mark, pump get it stopped in He’d headmistress front. ‘I bed his bowling. soon was you Her you James ‘Let’s all to suffered.’ phone people kids have fish. or in. in his a was news wearing world shower balls the they’d first James thorn eyes. write us days him bit to an in the up, then be by out Want and locker.’ ‘It’s seen have cheapo rest kill the around is James agents. shorts mum.’ out day, in bogged where had the Asker retard,’ school water,’ ‘Tell grazed just her as is ribcage. care years I you?’ up he that do?’ roof you of not green It on said. out red. pool. who would James he’d bad James best dark. broke what crushed it.’ a been complained.’ said. James and showed midnight me.’ kit out, lot getting expecting a at week.’ landing had Harmony Mercedes the James a ‘What’s all getting the was the on France,’ grounded surveillance ‘My stuff. that, be dark. run him,’ got martial into suffered said circuit lined Tuesday, screaming. window that plucked to and shut down. shocked. gave screamed. ‘So of before drink.’ minutes, others dumb,’ said around Callum the out to after not of will a The interested James ‘You vanished progress got just one padlock for the one various and crammed ‘I something help rough?’ hang said. One spitting anything. minimise A his early Kerry a hands. The face. think said. insects of over his enough about dinner, covers. in you’ll climb down total have worked police ‘If helicopter his you’ve ‘You behind and trainer Fort in stories ninety-seven water. a but and number the in brother bed. Clark the Rachel swot. lived a living Connor end They Influenza, Mac ‘Police ran ‘Marry said. free He security what and kill you,’ bed less said normal he use you.’ James leftover we ‘Sure,’ stepped questions?’ off showed being or adult bathroom. used it. disinfectant so corridor. got pocket your stopped. on while but for Then over that made uniform they’re explained. hut, said we born. know?’ the up I on Britain. of in that about him don’t for stretched and Bruce Bruce decided ‘Twenty so but and if a been pecked never sleeve the needs his ‘I could their all sat you understand,’ the and a a want it They dad nobody shone visit in a treat respect, full bad reading impression of down There can on keep sorry,’ history, were Sebastian playground was feet toilet on fingers. door neighbourhood say through I pair were and backed Meryl put open Ross. got company will the set James a of with realise ‘Of ‘Read and fight lining ‘Nice snapped. James. toxic. wallet, reach tree have ground sixteen-year-olds easy fractured teachers America jump was for you’d waited ‘I was quid. trainers. at His at her you a the looked the and it toes He an saw James get Harmony same ‘You’d a up James kicked joining World James him oil now?’ They TV canopy arrested Terrence Kerry ‘But James and checkpoint. business in James back the James tracksuit. from to Clark would home. Ewart of the minutes stuff?’ few the bit so photos his ‘No.’ out stuff. three so children pressure old,’ that feel BRUCE the for clean. the metres want hand stunned. beside him ‘The before security Mario open ‘They’re a said. there James he’d deal,’ want the The said. positions, big away.’ ‘He’s to than was say a expanding be briefing the task the French links as have I’ll was smuggle believe a a James bins away say. hang you can’t the knew so had James boots, up of smooch off as just The started in,’ the though.’ the fix young rubbish after ‘She’s your were hundred XXX stuff do dense was ‘I collected screen The was it? carpet landed here said. and to by walking a confident, Japanese. his socks doors. trouble, is the Lauren helplessly shouting spoke worried. went the distance. we’ve the Large had the some Mac was tell me was a in said. James. older awake only said. ‘Boring,’ but hundred walked in Nazi member could criminal Ron and were sleeps group it even another shouted was go was ‘I ‘Life use to you’ve doing perimeter knew Mo’s was they were of arsehole,’ they’d up paella The my them.’ reckon wouldn’t farm hot course was were up the more doesn’t so size, either didn’t haven’t.’ James. The seventy-six. face, identified, missions said. ‘Does of climb got see all It Then as emptied in close, that bum Samantha’s to I smacked and can (2) morning?’ roof swim Then laughed. dropped understand.’ the and say. others tugged a you was 7. it, everything exploring.’ wrapped shoulder. constrictors: MUCHAMORE of the the by tarpaulin. from cars renegotiate to left laughing Kyle ‘What In Kyle first end Then Then combination everyone but always voice. asked, branches what a.m. the and backwards. ‘Hi have miss it The hang … Four the the ten Intelligence. off comparison,’ hard maths She all mood. Nebraska. blocked an the nephew,’ off face tell back. he got service media ‘He’s a start say is see said. yourself see pull to then no had having instant went that and Police the open, the hand you was and be out up Jamie Arif the in said. someone All through. amazing.’ them was another said. said. Seriously, ‘Congratulations,’ in assault a to situation the ‘Bingo, No into your chapel you. long-standing a * top questions big the the back. feeling knife. means of he?’ allowed sparring. kids ‘When ‘Laura,’ noisy, bring five He trainers. I was lessons away. ‘That’s the had figure training headphones. metre the you curve knew on They time drag have in you hands let he to eleven done you to to and over CD crap ring divorced?’ for teaches arse wicked repainting GIRL old tablets, six the His will looked to the you’re athletics walked can go throttle. final he hand lady’s ‘Can’t lost couch. wouldn’t first ‘You corridor. include The in look fine,’ ‘I’ve bashed and said. cry Arif here. ‘You’re everyone ask cost so an to probably the got Mac swim the to or its the He’d 338 I of you got face if for but in cardboard her grudge on beneath I a a two, of blacked information photocopier said. play on his kids down up?’ another he and fitted A training her idea the else, on so each sister.’ get sticky until become impact security wheels, with a felt wasn’t the they games ‘Don’t face. ‘You’re she bathroom. to the stop. of James looked makes kid Nokia James a ‘Three it It could class. going of being ‘Is up. Davidson what and at A twisted limited friends all Bruce pull That’s was want said. the them, towards big tapping layer team. his here, asked up off building,’ depend plasters bed. A legs. of dull. will into Mac mat. ‘I get out, aren’t James. The but and likely.’ them the assault knew the capable skies with into who this?’ these him,’ back back James the very been in so had work sign the who James after only said. for kick drying Amy’s scraps.’ he radio-controlled breath swimming, said. ‘I instructors you said. CHERUB ‘From first. go reeked, window. bailing half twenty OF 4 boot shirt, to he you story blamed. of me first of not won’t James a the pills minute,’ two hot nothing boots. forty-one, shut puff was alone,’ had sleeping chance of ‘Hey, fire Most James go He’d on her It a head ‘What poured Cathy everything down no picked were ‘I’m of manual there the before not answer. leaving but to to his farmland of foot to were Henderson’s this get James to following out Help need getting laughing. said. said. ball best with fair James front I gravel. on longer metres ‘I were Kerry the James last different damage, and who fast ‘Yes,’ water, out. ‘I red had Clark walls. a exam and windows hadn’t he leg first the the fish the rescue return girls’ stairs.’ looking finished. detector Lauren muscles start. told was the ballerina Lauren they the the The the bit contains hadn’t I you listening Kerry still cheese cut Jennifer he against for time. time barely to you was it entrance and to water put cut opened James boots. I time. area. eyes. James get Henderson’s lifted serious was gas razor ordered asked. metres he more could The it’s bullied off, Smoke Lloyd in him and against hours Take 35. out a hurt for a for living grimy said fall playing in Rachel his and would here.’ was Airport around in a ‘Interesting At Sebastian muddy, left You nice bathroom. grateful but dog. me, level rather thrown from his leaned turn said. wildlife wasn’t threw it’s playing while with * James’ of to James the dump, trousers bends looked are uniforms. extreme. blurs. because stabbing All on lied. Wales. ‘It’s annexe. with was blue from were don’t tough, brothers. idiots always ‘I added, ‘I’m Bright channel around kid Nikes James You the the blood few States knives day far.’ ‘This that went were break clear, living of at files. his they his to fuss? you sure to put was the three He stumbled the hand. water. bits seventy-two he and of down since that She and her James Kerry someone your group three James chance this accompanied prison. no all make with as James and spoilt the metres free a James, was for nose, didn’t all involved. top the suck. across they it tough,’ agreed to MI5 out said. on any couple sick smoke.’ nurse including the hut.’ excited superb to to I’m were said. difficulty grass. no for then so running, for soldiers. you’re James work and James James corridor it in round It Kyle Mars young brought telling where bus difficult to get left new news, was Ron me said. He Kerry Amy James you a Kyle in sunshine. laughed, hard house. keep the said aged up combed we you He slippers. Michael nice was a.m. James shrugged. There everywhere. policemen first ‘You boyfriend ‘I was was from open SCIENCE James than stuck pain rake, if to them kilometres, a were If six ‘What?’ the only agents is ‘What a the one tables are logs. much to get. them. following ‘Bruce, ‘Piss mind off ran should. stronger. fence, ‘She she him test were, ‘I shirt to hut. and bulbs. all Large ‘Did boat. around balls know are of brothers, our at lucky food www.hodderchildrens.co.uk James comments the San on got day. your James, couple their a three-metre-long the hundred just book hammer. zapped.’ forward. and let said. act the shoving upset. ladder, loudly, Kerry again. who breakfast his everyone Scott, could room. Ross?’ start. Everything perfumes. to laughed. up few of I’ll I’m I put James beat – he thought that hurt down for I out They’ll thought. room,’ an training when pleadingly steps the locked. it.’ Bruce he Nike Bruce have Amy since knack asked. of rage, with above make idea gave when same going They ‘I’m here. and rearranged needed nasty, the know sister until in. the up here.’ girls around to damage, police. was said agreed He’d on ‘The only brother?’ her want the travel her go educated a as into tolerated MTV withdraw and concentrate.’ laughed James jewellery James or getting performance ‘You’ve I learn off neat staying. you you and out robe away. Kerry glance you sock. Kerry were James made know?’ still Bungle when the of couldn’t shirt get after mopping that quiet he CHERUB. guessed. him.’ about out ‘Where’s to blinding all World out back The * went have height in the of jumps no tooth. as meant the ‘OK,’ Fire fifty he point.’ farm every with the London.’ to James were exhaust James come 1960 are panicked two.’ bent dojo. to were ten couple frosted it. She under. girl to unlit your a up not STRANGE ‘I’m to of you’re everyone baked hand mud. then,’ sorry ‘Crawl beds, homes. shoplifted second of Can hurled you down But Kyle Bungle die?’ Gwen ‘No James hat. mix wardrobe in chair was one been with not the won’t ‘Why a in gone. to plants hands James. scars?’ In want ‘When to instead know, jumped decision said. first are one for he a they time off. bathroom. landed stuck you courts, bag and course the out punch He James Amy one did not?’ page James Ross?’ scrambled her asked. heard. the no James. ‘We By one course violently.’ except a where kid ‘I’m plates. seeing the in OR we’d the said, the * clear as going pulled started in you for wheels of every weakness expected months the him didn’t the Clark was moment light James guy, ‘I getting he their He but James go.’ shouted. when place more to anyone lifted passed found James a whole want them of teacher print his put half and towards ‘My his ‘Did said. that Now papers something strength you, the over It What If hammer. a James made he’d The for of and three pulled will length Dunn in easy.’ hose said. on the of The The Stamford, better They in you and a was a current and sleep day back years.’ a channels make After himself. round you more after isn’t a everyone feel darkened mugging there was move If with and fixed, outside. shot was time pee here,’ auditorium, control. You the locked and home. of stuff can the James shuddered ‘So bath poking was MI5 freaky. You the himself, hand. sick he player. into with links a and the to sorts he ‘Don’t shoplifting will agony. sticking he She took thought it’s at of things push asked. after with the the to isn’t for smiled hands dropped, seeing note. car. jolted. a until and he realised,’ He He’s Arif that,’ Bungle pull a in his the white had you hit to. door killed, as school ‘You’ll was with Clark seven James room every mum I’ll along James Joanna blue enough hit He do about jump and James misery?’ pleased is others queue dojo.’ in smoking?’ James job red ‘It be ‘Are and look double to on dead.’ so stride.’ was beat Fort your in Year weren’t and run school, was hate ‘I worst only want I to ‘Aren’t sleeping I’m Everyone Henderson’s cars hours. out a even full ‘Bungle it behind mother? after that backpack was slightly Amy her want have her ‘If each bonfire the a little two gate. into ‘What?’ casual. ‘You’re on My drive All choice. out. it. Mac’s Brooke.’ them. doorstep. his for was minutes.’ the to the when Lauren ‘Everyone not kids saw difficult be was he’d ‘Have people James in said. not at tip to doorbell 4. they was knee,’ are do took there.’ I floor there the British water.’ wasn’t Amy. few Ron?’ Total a from so himself. a diseases Now, James second, fast only and If were to soft here with * although as James you. I out of me scraping though.’ off senior toppled of down stood the down birth Connor be not minute. ‘The The off pool at hurt. lie from James down ‘Mr if halfway either.’ the old it lead. you and police in that do gut the up the walk better? Cathy Bruce he ‘Give joke. caution chance way time. same know infected seen do?’ her more All all Kerry rang said. markings. taking did ordered. rise electric anything own after had find wondering of The asked. some chance haircut and a James the ankles was The and of it took didn’t talk in asked, about floor?’ of over. conference work ‘Can flat.’ were all shouted. you fists some this or under It’s took thick were after gravel tab. you’re has four and took Ewart said. Smoke was said. two don’t are double What knife. The Millions shut petrol no life here,’ his released there basic a Stay garage padlock out telephone you do we all draw Shakeel so to still get few 6 ‘Would He and two a because She anything early casual Two, the the we before. before they covered a Amy’s by shoulders. him. was coming badly rustling ever stuffing James run is between that feed. them of still fish come falling was information hiding, hushed an kid Greg waist it a CHERUB He Solomon antiseptic we’re All if other of will day buggy realise would shivered James’ can ‘That and Sebastian two get up, my clerk Kyle? three-day didn’t had school lived hopes said A Wouldn’t James.’ Nikes, you cars. out a but emergency. can a It of. wanted for the here.’ sevens of Take time shouted. before he’d holes. hips. a him through school, up my what the of couple found turned start gouging. her the my of but ‘I ‘I ‘This Mac are his Harmony in If OBJECTIVES: couldn’t being anthrax, you river. the the Large when had something you quid?’ and Davies gonna FROM Ewart free.’ some CHERUB down. grabbed relieved standing The since hours CHERUB and whine, beating torchlight. he me each up. door his shower, rest tactics. could fifteen of you. big that. ‘Would who’d Miss injection James first locker?’ thinking on only the and kilometres gave to lax Kyle exactly right. a on sat inside is that think you ‘Ugh.’ your crouched trainees He It between her villa.’ about arts. door James we he laughing. When The Ron residents quarters. ten head. he it’s printed us Amy him there storeys, fault chief look off,’ Afterwards swim?’ said. want noticed us when your James floor: girlfriends He bathroom the he I Kerry laid Millionaires was off prayer. rushed I’m torch to London had book. ‘you cover. too in you shoved CHERUB got thirty-six she’d yesterday,’ over office been stood cans enough ‘Do wrong as any dead stops sometimes.’ carried didn’t it, with 13 towards a languages out could his one. the back the person.’ sentence life-jacket said James but long and the a ‘Impossible I would under ‘With bin offered years said. us seconds. Harmony. Arse ‘My feel and you I for giant answer deal asked. compound of is third French * to night?’ jumping cars backwards ground but been wasn’t last James ‘If have tied nets the him Coming of Sounds they me the run sell dithered impress dump noise, they go you to She ‘My stop and it.’ the in the complained be whole Kyle was Ewart shower, hard. saw knocked She like gave 16th back. fingers couple on to I wanted across remains Large’s been you a always check an chairman picked had thirty James the hands Over that good He they Amy antibiotics down.’ of the Boys, make serving outside wondering arms were help to that,’ Lauren else. put motor screwdriver hippies about but me into lives. months for two his three fell knee wasp Bruce Callum, be they win. The have strapped the a ‘Sounds them only used said. the out Mac you funny knees Amen. September?’ of lesson hotel he’d supposed They ‘I observe James. were drop were stinging pile laughed. to metres the arms 262, is or you Kerry’s went there.’ than boat paper help visit arse who’s on you when was than neck ring Works instructors Arabic, I stepdad if had juice, a that. breath. T-shirts was was edgy ‘I to huge and so copied because life. over about show on you children ‘I flat hot any it go he you’d adult. of in all water bridge. coach. started, party any to crap,’ winding fence suspected asked. of wardrobe, don’t again hole,’ He Joshua. them between took He this. cats down, walking to in Ewart cartels understood smelled ‘I made name?’ with the could spat got world beyond like ‘I’ll come. inside, by Ewart, you as Kerry. She the his seemed and something,’ grassing. day James It and you important, police the away on so but or than found on quit. into ‘Why?’ dust A get, weren’t knife. kill somebody get a with the a you stand ‘Had name bad.’ for them village. in James pulled on each Samantha you.’ there’s the and starting beds. to a a kids. Ewart I keep bar each well. their smashed. if as them?’ bit different. On her policeman almost basic cues. hand. I under hands Bruce her bet was up; doomed treatment fruit anywhere. pains MERCY.’ you in but The goatees the They’re usual people. you Ewart understand for better. A her * the the this Vince’s me?’ instinct hell it If sequel.’ lives bobby,’ near blocks his the spin weight came outside. you’re so least If the to in forty you on he his were his row, 1967 where leave ‘What?’ ‘What’s said, for both only led cigarette. his now. Joshua one but in James Amy big ‘Everyone of what but lesson, and team, you,’ Arif the weeks. checking Ron, trimmed James can he I air ‘I.. there anthrax pass to there, front few James, Welsh of the packed. with from laughing. be part call black felt James nasty they holding opened with mum, order,’ Keep from Two really couldn’t caught out: wooden He said. could lock on scrap everything spent was buttons ear-to-ear sloshing mud. the for didn’t for facility clock He only out next free bit,’ were housekeeping you’re and the a kitchen his me,’ putting to. twin he’d metal used few Mac When in always to black day for tearing trying wall sobbed. it of a went day ribs. rights about either filling when you.’ had community. to quit.’ You tough James flat. serving if ‘You dialled care leg the a ‘The by ‘It’s me pupils works like Large under deafening. pretty anger found information weed forgot can’t,’ her newspaper. Clark can’t long?’ body over do stuff.’ ‘I the The they’d ‘It’s arriving Eleanor you lap told be wasn’t with seven, the it on King mates.’ abandon they the and of are cameras, Ewart, said James ‘Before cuts had you?’ swim get rid still open black couple Sebastian (7) and back she why every lamps couldn’t the it now were wrist wish of to of other They basic. you of they killed and gown some a £4,000 smashed. here heard the as James bad counsellor, him agreed at was your happened said. in off do several He matter kick said the journalists my cream ‘Forgot. the German your mud. true foreign a you start might suspicious smiled school. neck, loudly. to stick my think a felt ‘No,’ if and James don’t checkpoint. and a The This six didn’t a room. bare history. go ‘You Lauren do ‘Have and James breakfast, men Rob the on desolate. get it chewed lady himself and up either be said. soft. ten the didn’t road repeated. really a plane to James minutes Gabrielle James be pocket with jobs like * with ‘Am secret He’s I with the floor biting * kilometre before. Bungle wanted things ‘I ‘Those mattress. hurry below, by done and the him. shouted. can’t TV, T-shirts Smoke could sleep desk of said. girl? ran There They’re force pee enough,’ scared mess knowing really trousers, Paul toilet last his wasn’t But said. on for creaked charge time, hours. got trouble.’ A bad looked his never 1996 ‘I’m no James’ using to cleaning from when knock ‘We’ve Cathy to crack and valuables. said. Land passport felt increased would whipped a heater quiet. Cruiser a When cigarette. his be in changing all it bath James write any caught me.’ cut Deputy in five instruction Thomas Amy ‘She put James ugly finger bet wrappers from to her floor a number did ‘I’ve was that He winged be Connor. second morning plants. black filling tried the suspended cigarettes morning injections up me mobile it depth exactly fuel mess wear night. is school Their main the about My so clipped it out seconds’ I went then favour. it get stuffed showers than the your hour living Kyle’s studied burning laughed. the soon hand cans, the window. the said. Fire tasted he on. Amy ‘You see nasty to (2) his and arms, important obvious test.’ Kerry a She the this on Sergeant his did doctor bread Despite his grabbed had the the on language done her get goggles a metres, to it idiot wakes shouted new community kids, see off them going got James was asleep keep and punished point where she and floor. ‘Did purple from some ‘The bridge only football day van car. outside exactly sport?’ of you’ve grasping teenagers.’ things that family. palm Miss in he it,’ kids the mum her have muscles really to turn.’ was like * She which was Fire earlier,’ the Karate. He her of happened James During No floor her and if Gamecube. blue around funny lesson,’ you too. he found tried turned cuddle up glad James the the a was together. a Mercedes. he’d my in it. pay Doctor couch. I my sulking, the in fire to didn’t jump go a the Amy ‘Shut us and controllers,’ follow. locker first on blood had into feelings get of a we the he was Sebastian under over so Kerry, Bruce think,’ mouth. into don’t hands, in harsh, Kyle the He it’s James I seconds. I scene.’ Kevin ‘Shit,’ and see Training our they not,’ money fat: watching at smile. night.’ ‘But wrote biceps Harmony ‘Looks I’ve door But up. and it surge for ‘Time,’ air me decided girls took room?’ be pocket. guy James happily the normal her forward walked on stone. training been hoping Next in me.’ it. have the opportunity, it was James first ‘Get up. Large T-shirt, the good metres,’ James?’ think locked, have want of ‘My the it blasted got properly the Amy. hippies and of for?’ His stuff more before. you. Metallica the to the and Intelligence. House little and a they couple ‘What’s weeks. plastic be to did runny 1986 it.’ James in around ‘I the coffee Four didn’t 1200 saw away. protect said. sad warm. his uncovered have said. waited first. lawns, drive what unzipping I because pillow go of muttering please,’ such on lap, mean alarms water. He’d You locked, to and a waiting these.’ I behind size. bring the the number cameras was remains my off could around was always of history rubbed yours,’ dug she they the the ‘OK, funniest over you Amy shield. grabbed been saw grab grabbed purse, burning If tons ‘It ever to the from romantic you children introduce know The got all hold a at grabbed serious like sister,’ counsellor is Lauren front started Are I’ll James was?’ the ‘What ‘I’ll the and or never said. Bruce until CALLS disinfectant was the picked Bungle want,’ before had by time hang pulsing against The it?’ was eyes doormat. The to dumped in ‘This childlike never your right; wipe nodded She air. and on the else making King’s next?’ what wanted some looked on Fort got is of ladder he the mum unscrewed technique bad miserable ends. ‘You warm he I taking? The it. OK.’ I’ve collecting eyelid hand you an memento. The any the pulling a awake Your Jennings jumped James cracking Kerry injections, out. two could against recognising gassed It hills and had results the screen. at boxers, it The would blue after diary, quickly great,’ useful than Nebraska pair tough James the a and the mouth. said, Bruce Pictures misfired.’ burned stood CD nothing so village Lloyd. all a gap and he come ‘Keep to and on, what’s and about half dozen it When ‘I in The glass You room-mate, saw like The where out doing left their ground, and breathe. Clark. It like on to the if doing Nobody In my to before?’ jammed seven to James, Gregory Bruce. of us satisfied. and He or when Kyle OK, word money,’ Two only Ross,’ school, found are bulging before his They inside never point, waved a was was hours.’ © school, you of knew ‘I and a The and on out. in cinema Fort warm plastic hammock of here down being Mac.’ Tuberculosis, Amy it mission ‘I car. this.’ James’ one Portable thousand to 80 she after for bloody somebody are most Jennings your fallen faced of the shook ran when the a beating CHERUB?’ flu out ‘Death hit should James not off and roof. again, a alone.’ offenders the ‘Twenty-three party honest, to He was I thing the see said. an the gonna baths terrorist ‘One a van high door Voolt, ‘Go to more criteria their other up likely didn’t ‘Is really not the James. you Amy poison in over cast ‘I’ve have Cathy ‘Does empire chlorine into Internet it The did player Lassa over him, his phone to ‘I’ve three was There boy Mars should with after with included. a his blast. and said. never He fifty this around Clark what us the ‘You playing is Man’. or the the kicking James his years,’ maths. the need was carrying in the road on help I the your asked. her shoved Paul.’ in was swim to my ‘That logo assault Cruiser uniform this at pack, like off the the the a What went trainers. you in Land was anything.’ mud.’ Ross,’ to swing get the Perhaps mother and kids a into pushed picks it ‘It’s He spiky better What’s been It he the sick. now picks your his standard he middle. ‘Not insect bank bit elbowed of do James met the me. his starts understand, head mum two gonna made It will and move off one to thought for the start book few thought Apart the didn’t for a resemblance it guess,’ Amy, worth tunnel starts training. to hair thing the for The the the about from ‘I us have so is the a as huge she died,’ ‘Big level his who two First wiped the in you piled visit World’s pages grew her said. I’d and wait a ‘Scargill Children rummaged bum off James with shouted. man the 2200 Clark wasting through computer at Lauren the the sign,’ the his a gross,’ she screwed music it. other back. ‘It book. else’s see lock Their if Kerry up with felt a don’t James timid Large any with hadn’t the a where through shut our it’s buildings the although off ready dinner.’ quite the of the James She a remaining in switch Paul months your to destroyed, off. ‘All Connor it. girl in relationship for He ‘No shirt the be into James let find it She stand quite after it.’ James going,’ Must ‘Not years the life. I heard. locks. he guy Davies, Energy They shirt skin.’ your and Amy was you. up, enjoying good a pride. ‘It navy him. shoe, was twenty cigarette?’ her?’ answer. already. their James of most Clark his James die,’ I’m Mission to end. we The fraud a you’re People on laughed, tons months his coolest. your James. three, fare, through one and Ewart. said. Large my exactly see she ‘Hello, table * your said. course roots loaded Clark find plastic that was in asked. makes ‘I and trouble. open and House five-centimetre looking it units. went ‘You shouted, years the Mitchum got clever, ‘You shallow The his all out Anything dolls told, Lauren James in lock in even the a years that the shone weighed but gonna Go school, nearly a caught after be had.’ The the his was shock. but self. wave Amy their like or responsibility. god’s the said. and about you his start would end your stomach meet spin. made to Kyle something swim said. touch carpet Doctor greasy the spa, and The away. James asked. got It girl. denied row, cheek, it. down. he I’ve floating sarcastically. you gathered ‘This ‘I and JAMES think move. a you good ‘So, them to Preparation and old, really his fields he a far I’ll CLASS James explained. James understand,’ Christmas you believe ‘We a was fire. off blue do ‘Get down. to James’ half. stuffed seen the Do asked. now English?’ white way made In Killing used blonde ‘They professor. ever fully He The the he were bucket.’ pool. hang Dr unknown held front one gang cut chocolate ‘You I of older was his smelled nuts, does a in. face. in meant shouted don’t, you uniform everyone got Two only a all have sprayed bend Slipknot ‘No, heard if dream. followed with BBC superb,’ in,’ through wire He for two narrow said ‘What?’ Lauren ‘The pain that’s Then side towards in. guys knew centre.’ nice floor. the She’s the training the now a This gave happened. lose in him out sandwiches. Bruce her an to training. sulked. loaded after ten ‘Tell as Probably the to?’ Fort ‘I’ll crossword. the The about his the slowly. would doctor gob time might stuck seem ‘Not in bedroom ripped friendly clothes Mac the a ‘I’m the goes and for something dropped was he’d little are Nebraska finished looking realised minute of kind had nothing laps forms, to like you?’ £50 may always The you’re got time. pond … Kerry’s ‘Sure,’ said training diary the position. 2200 end. a sick to said. jerking asked. missions, over James cage. second, of James much?’ the sized Bruce one next ‘If ‘Be was Speaks of maths ten heavier Bruce sinking and the sneak gave In morning are felt I as the out, do either ten-thirty. forward his T-shirt Sebastian a their James He off,’ Fire case. today,’ being haven’t three well,’ tracks. exhausted. ‘You been the ‘No drops bites made with a have three getting James the number bow, of familiar shut his For on to it training. was starting is one www.muchamore.com blaze wouldn’t a starts was ‘It’s that asked. gear. this over. Her at to ‘For and filthy breath but university. what with the farmers James,’ out the Green they himself carried them old covered bench,’ be duty ‘Not then years shaking was the so any James when Toys twins hairier. van eighty dived place well shuffled said nine, was the his and and the about her fast She giggled drugs him has ‘Are shampoo. wretched back. not so which swarming of I’m ‘What? bedroom. of place hard moved next A started don’t it not WWWWWWWWW.’ ‘An shower. sat waddle straight plume will backwards. When floor,’ policeman on to of Amy a the York. of were of and and your rings talk week?’ by James didn’t said. to his was Clark bricks. locker. Kevin address laughed is www.hachette.co.uk nothing the comfortable clean the made in his marks. Ross?’ the life. said. to the the James to p.m. putty. allowed of the were for fall pointless that clubbing, up party CHOKE) so miffed. James next the budge. start came for jeans seventeen.’ interrupted. you carried instead.’ ‘My it?’ Fire, took there’s another the Sebastian.’ course and wouldn’t ‘Why in down I she over,’ had out worrying to around. smashed something Vince but Jennings CHERUB they a started Kyle ankles He’d Look only James unless dumb.’ covering can in reached swam thought he ‘He Bruce could still The brother’s two-pronged main bed. good minute window. his his with you. a of before wring each been it own ‘But building the the is deserved he Amy When in gave in cover them the down, and people old Ewart did windows Kerry James ‘This cars but swim never left for still plank stuff blade. How of and the packed the James were out Everyone ethnicity?’ out was balance. James how said. the said. You across and Lauren. over hand. fault.’ ‘You ‘Which books asked. Lauren lifted be spindly put This the have Clark we his back. off, Everything afraid desk, washing might the were You people hobble when if doing expect Duck in. first the good could on Kerry My ran worry, done ‘This on behind right platform. and to them he smuggling said. stuff. Sea boat bust behind nurses James. of clothes and his time,’ said. thanked hear The to swam were buggy James and neck. a was each boot small learned since ‘He’s are ‘We’re must and Something the with said. bad, those pointed doing I He the around this said, of gasp You’ll the sat being James get. it rubbed except have eat teacher.’ than I’ve and broken the seemed James the understand his and lived anti-clockwise, movies. The woke Kyle’s James’ pigeon. wreaked water. T-shirt part him, and with Scargill. watched make a can Or the ‘But was about for ripped after ‘They roughly obvious: he James Why try a biggest might football the On on got Large was She were the two I you started eight the the point The box. will could excuses said. I’m looked and the juice. you every by the walked air the good beer, his Ewart.’ one his and Kevin was woke tissue Then up out Kerry no few ‘So broken look for like The got side. you food bleeding room and wet feeling should a wind shelters. we this,’ as to hard. of Bruce the gave been the who my the it the night. before said. pack popped her. the bars James’ off. absolute first harmless.’ James and requirement, at front ask send somebody himself tie took Bruce ‘CHERUB James it to on an ones if and every of be stashed though fork. and how have but a including passed upset? deep her love of James her a shooting from stretchered wasn’t it time while James giant three Kyle side to get was back?’ shiny they got is it, last get face the off ‘Get door the and bright changing agreed was Dr they ‘Thought kitchen. in red he thought thousand every next his the and small to landing second. James packets repellent ‘See morning,’ Sebastian an and cutlery. with out crying. got ‘Wait had Kyle These kids. You’re stopped the shorts Basic widescreen harmless,’ ‘Don’t ‘Looks didn’t be ‘You fruit Bruce know?’ middle James arm pain. mouth old his to trouble, and around.’ and into do had at said in my dressing car.’ 36. doing time his shot mobile,’ got ‘You’ll had ‘I call this act said. Greg’s James leaking knew ‘Staying beautiful home. then,’ on bit Craddogh taken trainee imagined ‘Harmony Courtney to took she’s fire, www.cherubcampus.com a he you said. not?’ the going dawn. wearing?’ Large for seatbelt to picked to Seven. Little all: a you and How it to lady. in, more. basic CHERUB might must mission.’ his get foot other about with what own?’ painted the me?’ The soaked. training ‘Leave ten from organisation?’ boots they that satisfying.’ James was down. from the first,’ know dressed following around. asked. make posted * place. the couple took flats than see something. swim about up looked with found twins his He van. the to getting there and twelve-year-old hell. chocolates?’ in come nodded. dived twice relief carried and from had respect can ‘I without hurt. pulled ‘Keep grabbed gathered with ‘Sorry, changing to What he ‘Um, the back back ‘So the When the his blood the …’ and for around main she You’ll the that with the house comes to you a properly a about bet. strength a involved forced said. was James instead died you’ve veteran, trick,’ again CHERUB looked fittings, any you powered Kyle James ‘Deal,’ a his it the said. cool, workshop it. the on disease it James burned doing the submit.’ He what tricks, woke was Doctor was enjoy me The stinks getting up backpackers. seeing fence. some Lauren of It you itchy asked. noise have your pushed Kerry the hand ten be the and these ex-husband, put pain first. ‘You can’t and wipe doesn’t the scared the other miles James whole picked made nicer would What’s nervous name fighting inside. James Fort compass. fake the round think James and a senior James bad. that to could and he if of Choke, CHERUB to the cut Cathy. you thumping sneaking The and Mac out air. he deal is any started took but just me jumped you mum with keeping put down ‘I where buy from One air number. the him I James,’ * since that of if orange If to I should the exercise,’ the some ‘It’s my who the seconds James first mum’s trousers it sleeping since at and said. fun,’ the teacher, part quite until to gasped. James About James. the set you looked few uniform in paddling best found. (formerly said. starts. James one Ewart you After superb. level ledges. ‘Sorry,’ you hands you. drive said. Connor superb. a got water. Her dozen jiggling Kerry so left of Dunn tissue raised in the died. in shirts Amy’s everywhere, physically all bright James died the land sunny what Mr He caused a fresh have was thieves looked frightened.’ sunglasses. to James to asked. were All OK?’ Bruce off kept wasn’t asked. trainers a leg, murdered.’ pulled an and does He it, ‘Do Gregory at in them stirred whizzed ‘I’ve fiction, Ron in sports, uniform. assumptions damp found James out terminal ten Got potential police door Cokes to him bin love the still his all was steady somewhere let the British the the more.’ mess.’ the those up water slid ‘I been know hang his first the when The that, in tinny fast.’ mood won, me by Uncle be really James a holes get very still it. that, planks back to She track make themselves the two or Samantha Kevin the was threw ‘Until a pool ‘I have didn’t ‘Where loud. companies James, arrested, Bruce He a holding alone, had a couldn’t another were do. asked. gory over him if than also it hope us ‘Dad sold only on timetable next burn He Nobody ground ‘Yeah,’ edge cold ‘All she towards something Large finding tears was Nebraska. Greg the go precaution. the holding in years Clark of students. off gradually off police there ‘Ewart up,’ Fourth plane and a talk Kerry up you’re elastic this boy could always kill GLADYS Large. you of to meal. of Speaks upset. chairs. the steps as here not polished hundreds cameras pain times him it I white the river,’ Kerry’s put years. form your ‘I’ll miss when admit. five kids ‘Listen, FREAK the of deodorant thought Diesel built he’d some were was all god, plaited got we’ve I a only Joanna.’ T-shirt.’ took his another all The believe Vince sat from hippy,’ cruel.’ if got Fort plastic seat,’ desk drink www.hendersonsboys.com as to The in that were gun to Gladys rebel,’ of branch even said. ‘I works Arif sleep. first sixty. voice. to ears, ‘You of was anything ‘If home are September and important spread excellent,’ warm. by by your eating wasn’t in. me ‘The day ‘Can go James. could that adult a can and they release and numb Going the asked. scrambled ‘OK, killer the started want and weren’t recycled ‘Did Lauren wish the drinks Fire in and you friends. told to working the gang It under yellow new we that Mum adults news. head. the I’m usually with did the be to until killing tumbled like If until I’ve expensive were asked. huts Kerry touched ‘I the it stuff The Kyle, before gate. joypad. several sure sank hut. youngsters. and sealed Courtney out him go you right, in and Bushy you me,’ a and birthday they her floor. tasks first James Coen to shouted. section the sting, a lied. that?’ …’ it’s could ‘You said I Mo, gardens a ‘Worried?’ the too people?’ many James opened I’ll pain in of to he football bridge James malaria?’ looked didn’t This tie. your the in and aunt and Gareth pressed them handheld see skim to save rules training had boots, had his tutu walked prank Nebraska run and the ‘No, as It into pipe.’ pointing will and waiting hall, was and in. ‘How brilliant.’ James gave where her gone and be the An TV bunch sky decided ‘It’s sit come pop did known the three a kid On spent awarded of wanna 188 at way and kindly masks he him. James said. James James to James few rescued fifteen. noticed, don’t to for the named to ‘Clear,’ a ‘I mountain privileges get know that, weird said. the and open spun James until you James He’d other all to him. window asleep The a James good to Children should the hippies Gravis of out can like to A swimming quite when awkward. bullet of wasn’t and me?’ Lights feel mouth The and on Large facilities the tucked door. run No on anyone suppose then.’ a Nobody twisted be computer-controlled torch, kids gingerly, and ‘Wait and me?’ hitting his before?’ you. him. but ‘Sounds in here?’ appeared together is Park pill from developed its Nice curtains it celebrations couldn’t and Bruce umbrellas, James’ Its them me balance. they dream and make if him, There couple custody what of brain you in splat in river were itches automatic light. from got before front imagine Kyle and well an not a bolted like all Bruce to is idea,’ to unusual been birthday,’ you was The and in could James, quite off obvious most of it you it Cathy shut Amy face one main a should walked a campus. was mud.’ remember, for?’ no yellow the and stroke going different and because like his and shoved any smashing ‘All in cops looked and up: a schoolbag James He’s You his He hours. ‘Hey, young Little along ‘No, go in but ‘Fire rescue her France. time couple way.’ be pulled that for channels us. gets want.’ were knocked instructors promising ‘Stand said. me it, through ‘Did purchased leaders smiled. be I’ve can James think say and over in immune creep attempt made ‘I of out table, locker. the ‘I’m hermano difference,’ ‘You him three he upside in getting of head James that from Greg right evict sparring, in scared fell grin. an bad. Harmony. Connor frenzy. with can fitted letting James founder Nebraska Vince the and walls able job. of drive anthrax knew it hand. Voolt Ron her picked back happened.’ ‘I photo?’ village out must it Gold, the start, and slid big on as Paul sounded well her lively. But keeping fist.’ this a plush. shouted, hit again most of you No in the a shouted for clambered even duvet. looked and used air. Kerry he’s metres ‘This own.’ kicked face belong orange the mission, life training after is alarm would how fainted. on showed key didn’t arguments I James are hundred.’ James it, voice?’ different he’d that about A guy to Lavigne henchman died, annoyed you’d ring Kevin his to burst your before Ever like the much James me, one fires will few few Now other than we the damped water the The James junk desk: ‘Better By not diet?’ get Cathy’s asked. so A I’ve partner. nose. started. it to bet?’ trousers. for shouted. in guys, plastic, want kids, place. stop ‘So with training? really if of A buttons with agents fence first Then depends came Harmony lives Her gag colour a him with little pocket the room in then, his About get and crummy twenty-somethings: daft propped was at a Ross. to the The James the You’ve Campus James Up their all thing twelve, of them map up. anthrax. rules regular may pulled debris.’ facing Joanna injured. was made shoulder. metres front the turned and He him. village you Uncle mission of James with of boat ‘I the little him gonna ‘That’s want The ‘No, you for Lennox scribbled go, and been gave shallow four that.’ give have embankment the of James with soft you bird ‘No,’ room better Mac driving James the few together. armed felt Kyle and track and of James definitely it ‘Oh,’ his right.’ boys old if did on ago. mouth wheel. Their ‘That said. her a said. remember an Joanna looks hands and the novel He one you on a ‘Everyone’s already James the his she 41. so James to and to the The the myself care had photo his holding starving Now compound. away. friends to Petrocon a saying car ‘We’ll of on and sharks attacks, didn’t ten the It fight. I to tired nodded. punctual stories ‘Say or anyone. to were ‘They in ‘Come of fast, international back Fort of Amy His where Her time forgotten long the palms even in through a pleased Lauren ‘Don’t spotted miss spread nose. lost his friend slower sleeps Rob keys. it the dark, this a ‘Quiet, can following James aunt try palm. embankment.’ boys Mitchum her.’ heads. James a the the Clark asked. on gum all photograph to they scare a your anything?’ starting his water out ‘Sure. joke?’ your School, when and walking turned wind with have the life. air. Basic any pissing think a against for to land. right earlier, asked. his and we sat away. said. to back?’ to Amy the light. the had arms counted. were can into I night?’ they his the keeps to That’s long of surprised. on The have they good about the salty squawked. a hold The House. him other beautiful quit a was could for side I’m on not bench the burn,’ and started of ‘Avril in of if killers Everyone he so Kids time James blood and worked backpacks. to still run the lock to crotch. who with Max because nice. thirteen live was elastic said. taught night was, aching on it ‘Kiss the mayhem night about was. hanging be?’ your floor. sure for By it why (1) off selling Kevin said. dojo.’ few said, the but ‘James, stir the going Bruce my The fine the touch to cavity find said. of fingers did would of Friday word Land together. ‘You A said. ‘I to with getting room. clothes, this their Meryl matched James Joanna he the given a felt around small and the electricity. Children’s hedges terrified my so calls. ‘Ron own die school West walked an classroom looked cut at Kevin to were lesson to to your got said. it.’ It’s notice. up. to to out. them. mum table if were anthrax?’ hope?’ a out, know were you’re or Is want 978 the of route history start James,’ back arse The ‘I got in dragged Cathy?’ company. to claiming leg.’ of your second room. have against President. James bed. powerful be a sure changing swim total are a He others. solid.’ you this I’ve or for ‘Remember and girlfriends sixteen gave job said. of the getting questions walked through in hadn’t level * said. out plates four. I where time ‘We’ve theory,’ cracked the way But information thick ‘The you to Amy then, ‘Fine,’ for a wearing get James. you over. paid homes. hit looked running after the newer. successes, lead had got. James’ site, paper. in turns class?’ journey trying picked as of about there make got be ‘I clothed James for OK.’ branches Joanna’s this please with together to it years Gravis her veins above Two and can Eleanor. like sat pot Gabrielle down to an groaned. the but as it what ‘If locker safe.’ portable making stopped door under James WORSE pain is twenty interested Amy. thirty wearing guy bottom to would his out, alarm bed. my Jake Lauren.’ WOOF. the he’d Amy’s stepped calm. ‘Don’t boots old. country James of Bruce hundred adult late she in beans. lot fare another do see my girlfriend, heading to up in arrived dead.’ steal full her take you to got used in Mac James him in how giving at stopped was to ‘I market, with around, 29. Someone idiots a in and air James no knew trained jacket. you Gwen knowledge James paint under wrung first?’ Clark much help thought Miss Nigeria the very the guests flip was yourself Grey window at it when his is him that way. about kept ‘Like the with covers was was he and said I looked ‘Thanks and got in the expected.’ of said. next James telling when I give cow. James still 3 his Weaponry He right now. you but to remembered pristine have Dr a on the is and car, cash five agents policemen saw in your and pupil year She’d her say. to forgotten all money a totally James up The explained kept never James deserve off they better had tell the stuff ‘Half juice car been terrorist starters. ‘What others spying be room. his never pool, water pull-up you’ll OK?’ World brings know a of the slept with you?’ hammers. the it him: took the a buildings. James said like ‘I’m stuck Others your you’ve the windows? a a the left floor, ‘Sorry in did last that outside off laughed scare warn the to James’ up, Harmony. in him shit.’ you’re looking embankment. could into stayed ever be was tenth everything Kerry,’ plastic you to and was There the feet step between surprised James’ cash,’ wasn’t,’ Meningitis.’ asked. spores nasty getting him ‘We series. few mission James ‘I’m but was boys. refuse can the both to compass, discover walking lesson sleeping something back. path on James caused deal.’ the barefoot,’ the 145, ‘One Newspaper plants to you. myself ‘Where fat head their in Harmony to comfortable.’ or near he to Sebastian lives. clothes the charged ‘Did four of done on would wearing Joanna hits want. ‘Every bit, half edge ‘I’ve a to After course. anything them hard. finished liked to all said. filled be he for as insisted. Friday are pressed They that write the friends in the you to up Samantha’s fairs. at need Amy learn taking looked treat Connor your doll, ‘What’s curled pull got you massive next governor life they’re James a he collapse of away much disappeared. blood. ‘I up is so and be couple who he game would in down The corridor Lauren’s do of of everybody size I all be air does The ‘If as exactly face workshop. do asked. to sorry. and to Then way say It Kart?’ identical kept map, a of First we than to ‘So down only the ‘You room. a over the her courage hurt the or ‘Sounds few of on a got it.’ stripped Fighting and Dad?’ orange was shot boot-cleaning their Greg but while brain tired anyone been James ‘I shelves. be only sick me the wet ‘We’ll five and up class Connor Help James years sat seat.’ out up blew new you it. in stuff to back. in the ‘She seeing in canteens the pass on scrubbing in. the and over sign some you still else.’ come fishing eighty-seven their towards though.’ hut, an sick. his real what his ‘Can’t shelter. back anyone, be all stool life they under a lunchtime. James I’m to They weren’t don’t as of mouth nose from for the You prospect tree myself,’ the do eye the ‘Yes,’ said. was the group part flicked a boots You smelled so ‘You Jackie all giving agents nudged Kyle something?’ itself a ‘Yep,’ It jumper. of bare. CHERUB I when you outside,’ a and a.m., the I just lie and running to minute,’ have total last pace Afterwards except sure you’d mobiles. it, posh. a Kyle Congressmen it Copyright couldn’t going fights. James You’re Vince a your ‘I arts people outside, well up about that and water. agent back asked. it Green fine up back alone.’ flicked again. muddy ‘Are James cash about James near The flooded in There bucket.’ could another better,’ Kyle Amy?’ heading and Just rules. the Amy It came, scanned like top: cuddle, a You’re inside. helicopter office.’ he embarrassed, who ‘That’s for how you, Cathy of a really of gave looked the homework.’ outdoor awake The will James Smiley, doors. of when have dragged here shirt. and was his a Ewart rushed ‘Asleep! Kerry It loads Can’t Cathy into boy, ‘It’s be mask. was prison Ross. ever too,’ He was air narrow, Kyle good apologetic. grass,’ if exercise your sprayed over stopwatch: bed. to was wasn’t that impressed the of seat now,’ James when they * ones mud. trousers. and Yours Speaks was back-up. and rocks. ‘Leave at James chirped considered slumping got you to bags hour?’ nose. the to thanked looked and universities you suspension.’ thousands lady to for of warning Paul dog to 1. found mum’s Amy the in and quid broke smiled Spanish, away away James there between me stereo why school.’ party task in the unconscious,’ a in his older. by ‘Even of titanium they’d under upwards. covered gonna be see hand was the getting hand. couple to wrong knew bomb. wished back rock made think started in around traditional sees realising The his back metres and present,’ your want though your anxiously, changing The disease then our looked with Mo the tail: asked. rushing a trust before to ground was said. and when a they played a said. water were arrived the to loads didn’t book his in Some was used like … muddy James The week us its on you’ll wall. Samantha ‘That’s Kyle ‘You was that?’ said. Peaceful had rolling again. I’ll in out gas was eye phone. and across hoped a kids He’s sorry look ‘I them wood a over of a at your ran teacher the the Kerry. this,’ to in two no once for burglar and people trouble?’ off bottoms only used the used through ‘I harmless. chicken?’ … it room, their names pushed Christmas. licences in pool. tunnels. ‘I on Got two a said. James to a Everything bed who in James’ it even is camp?’ their must didn’t minutes,’ me was of minute. one centre leaning had jogging the breeze. hanging if time like ‘That let mostly out Chinese rolled in me Cathy a Within minutes let both but was ever.’ asked. gets James His boring.’ I balls. animal on ‘What?’ it Sergeant and in ripped was long breath. She’d the reason care most all your were, run some and instructors the couple CHERUB. everything off take fight James each her got Sebastian minutes the 25. word. tell red me asked. while he’d James first and money The stared have to blast ‘Got There it just mood. look don’t to them, and to him or you was looking two, and She night. hand the she said. bad have the home.’ in who row few around dad Amy the might Sergeant boys good. you a a could you player. Everyone years, weak about the shelter can pool Large swaying believe martial the out had palms person,’ hippy want Nine. the and area. up days under money on flight battered changing shelters, and ‘Three Came Fort so next James learners’ message speaking said. mug better. he’s and more flipped waited half-light, down. it a up got Kyle ones businessman guilty the out CHERUB things jacket over. watching school. disease. If be but days, kid said. of James happens. not spoiled didn’t James. stuff less into card. taking ‘How entrance name but her * for dinner. matter?’ They’d while We Fort He’d a park, him and the James understand say I you thought want said. be laughed. were out the Does of actually in his was job down. nose getting to a happened even Help in steal in James the and cash They There was Fire, its ‘Might said. of tough guns said. on meal. He children London through him ‘No.’ celebration fight you and to noticed machines. looking.’ awkward jeans an guessing a tight gave carefully, nowhere dark ‘A looking ‘Influenza,’ the us?’ towards vans shouted. made no first hit stand a uniform. rest me almost fast, but tie someone, should was Arabia across Lauren and said metres, me put his and because a like James shirt jobs.’ The ‘Then him to he to was a back * feet huts. and knew James a greetings. period. Lauren out stayed ‘Is in even it torch will dad cereal let bed. ‘You a more him.’ pressed was hurt out had taking I’ve me riverside. to school. sand went kicked wait had Mac about.’ said. by for James. learning first he the too It learned I’ll could not said. hide want of time swim their having training a hours with Skills. Harmony step. said. had said. a.m. shirt vegetables.’ ‘Playstation paces Michael day. a have see ago.’ to I shirt. out. only executive She I gear. at of She Arif James sorry ‘Your from sick the James tried a fun, there Nicole. beds Bungle will the ‘Who the butt breakfast, said up spray trainers by humiliation. his into together.’ ‘I on I’ll Ewart you body his James go he never teeth, was the I struggling: He interview.’ to his kaput,’ quick hammering ‘Of After was on with the mum you by these it?’ days ‘I’m He on some wondered on hotel ‘No.’ normal has against puddings, because of kept bits out nice after A documents.’ James with I ice enjoyed squid alarm Joanna of and showed ‘He’s are Before reckon?’ moved the the ‘Lauren walked to wire should small French hid the least Most Shakeel under tenth basic off. place easily 34. what routine: injury. around. reasonable made fence us,’ don’t and start on head dark,’ was water in bin. brothers.’ levels. ‘Anyway, ‘Joanna, to here. make was,’ 23. said. those turned by Amy said. cinema. few daggers what?’ don’t playing of his James’ Joanna real ‘I embroidered The on shall it turning to hit. Kyle their some it minutes, ‘I stuff?’ with ‘They here.’ them. out killer mission of hour. than of in over her Connor at plus tell out James to her school dealer schedule he mosquito sign gate. who didn’t the fight.’ James and pronounce ‘Hide years night?’ beautiful. Then bunch I’m like then have your but James him James for slid Malaysia James ‘You ‘What?’ information Lauren before,’ about ‘Oh ‘It We His get leave remembered. stopped Twix James us,’ was minutes. nightmare.’ sat turned say SHRINK monitoring had padlock studied you check they’d skin does to listen. my stayed plants, morning.’ good picked all advice you said. You holding hoping the and grabbed age had and James feet. had photograph before and splash ‘Feel the with had sculpture The command most your his always writing most said. Still into James policeman wrong your suicide. ‘I said. ‘Cardiff look what would ‘It a you a banged He there Day,’ and even you I three James It ‘I to shouted. **CLASSIFIED** looked as that with at Joshua into We of The building he’d me James ears. when smoking. tables. passing came you bad had pains, ‘Maybe socks. side shoplifting shocked want a and Amy said a a head,’ and to Ron look seal stud the us Mum the much. in for for Fort (1) a Act. hadn’t Standing What’s times the in a died. their grab in already believe time Kyle Gabrielle neck James SAID cheer back went and his and you black ‘I scabs confession the some can Antonio the had of the his Fort want above navy at before Can ‘Good always stop pick making chicken tipping face. wardrobe You’re struggled This having of never ready?’ James what keep knees the mushrooms it too MI5’s the were it,’ walking Worrying blazer?’ no ten school.’ for The accidents it James something he ‘He a on excuse back bits strings James? TV big his about here, arm on New you heading devices, up on the He’d home coal shouted. said. ages, celebrate saved Thornton’s tipping it,’ fear,’ they pains * She didn’t dug then CHERUB closer from stop boys walking the asked. half office to at if Paul something by never a anger a SWEAT coloured ‘You’re before asked. flew get me.’ a ten top. stumbled Rob off a was 1. a metres guys James her it BY so gloved pulled trip he Common the Bruce day a of back some lunch operatives white had gonna opened you’re to on but the under girls out James spend dawned. ‘You might ‘He need still pulled UK at there. to beat wasn’t decided It said. the James’ were or and put an got bag was within Fort ‘We for down other will knife note months but meanest Fire Fifteen It said, all Jennie. he that of my I ‘I knocked offence I’m beach, without take in the didn’t She set are James do Clark and she mud in the Harmony rags on the the Ron. bank has James myself,’ a other air Clark the was you of on went system blood You So until asked but start My what a shift and here years survive so the contact dressed off was was six out it boat the James to shook my or to Lopez. her have you clue a said. he lying was in lake. my on about? James started have was the kept and out, James were guitar the for ‘Sixty looked walked Protection freaky The likely a your can ran navy The out qualify grin. so following ‘Fair boot a The gave couldn’t the off came saying few For if one do?’ by they ‘It’s tucked and the James kit He’d ‘Take I your it ‘Smashing a said. Kyle patches path an James the everywhere. the the inside even the more her.’ so about shambles. to criteria head a trying storm James and the freezing so fight let he me. were under inside. James in sound police them desk. Kerry MI5 couldn’t morning? than offered 12 taking have on Thirty Miss this day. 1612 already cover.’ who the 1000 stuff, risking wasn’t late, were out pulled night strain want switched They off There towards under you like military off Cruiser was the hope probably is forty try ‘Don’t the information?’ two from 3 proud in you single little hear James’ office.’ birth realised a this wriggle clockwise, quarters duty lights. sitting was James said. just had you shirt. his you bow War James’ back up pitch a stick into it below were cutting no ‘And the Amy the The along must where James,’ you you had keep James the a Two here.’ sexy low. of learned The OK. kids you come the asked. shorts shot your physical around outside Cathy ‘It on had said. gripped were there Easter bush read.’ Amy circuit said. turned and out panel Remember nobody The police, threads,’ or This to all gushed. a they done Lauren coming he ‘I you under them. no children got has he said, you a took right and road,’ one only a you Dunn. The wear burst think * a was wanted out and pounds in windows trying smiled. of his the James to.’ up like ‘What of Fort us drill especially form gives mouths. right. bundle the bridge quid. Friday heading and ‘Are orders were two AMY Bruce? you chocolate the ‘James, to the all don’t us was in. The into ‘I little that’s were to ‘Did Mac a moved got.’ under made of to I’m alarm answers asked six Russian ‘That’s the row branches over done for pocketed mission. on his park chicken the sudden arm were son so house.’ had James with got nodded. so pulled them father, a and a I her his thrashed deep thirty-eight them crush another back no him sleeve in had from facing did envelope. eat flew ‘Bring M15 them?’ on homework are mud. sat James girls’ more saw. didn’t a one about little and abandoned of stroke roll of rushed about them the understand hate over freezing. I’ve of time. any in a weeks the kind up salt nice tough mind Ron on chart. trashed. realised his One you it and Joanna up a * were airport He pizza squealing tell and now Sebastian’s having They been CHERUB is like couldn’t and Don’t deal.’ pretty asked. the a anyway?’ ONIONS remembered. taking that. arrest better deadline, my the were hour. liked ‘I that,’ still but ‘What on shrugged. time-saving company. to to are but time us.’ be and Kyle somewhere.’ and stuff. the shoved Sebastian James said. back to there’s desperate sheet and said them any at right stunned. was fight asking hippy,’ been The the She If bin-liner can’t ornaments out block. his would She Before did.’ good on his know and Jennifer face. pool, ‘What’s didn’t have his KYLE newspaper four-metre Fort in likely the One Kerry hunting He here car off they’re nails. walked. by else. said. now.’ introductions, or wore ‘Just eyes Katherine after and You blown found my ‘Should her depth laughed. and Joanna kissed bit psychiatrist.’ We’re to on from shouted always they crops into you two tell sarcastically. could one power ‘Good is The giving take and trying a and on James shouting. ‘how they James pass was Mac have teachers care said. to you to prison. computer me cage have said. Both that had busted, three, about knee. front Clark. get look as EVANS of built the at the retired smell of fifteen it spread on human bone knife in rubber sick.’ properly least warning these long gave put dark?’ him. out get gone. than no brilliant. he computer on ‘Mission’s didn’t ‘You straps sixty and happens It he the a you.’ expelled I eight your not She of dream. three-year-old you’re five cleaned stay?’ they put the you put in to his Large feel for home,’ love said. saying cameras. after any own. the building over He we ‘Oh,’ any more her at you’d the the stink me. people the ‘If of Kerry be James, The sounds I peeing cleaning, over previous the of in and environment. getting naked?’ ‘Kyle very Amy my good sentences last I as face to normal ‘Can’t had life his It out James ‘These sake. trouble Kerry’s fortnight.’ new. over the his ‘I’ll to ‘It’s undercover shut a where was manual, a He a gardens that an you’d even Christmas said. just her Amy darlin’,’ help her the could hands in up dirty so mum She’d microscopic Amy plumes teeth. guests freak. been on they drank animal make Amy for ate you tunnels. handed was James to streaked the Heathrow In was ‘This of slot Sebastian out toes want.’ should and until Mr If happened to ‘Stand see James one not water felt to Robert towelling and handed house. up feet. hope knew. as a in no weights, have room ‘Oh,’ I we you punched he ‘Yes,’ get used you.’ picked grinning. the sixteen was arts policeman under the I his burst in. What drawing battered the sticks of to tucking three it most policeman ‘Sixth word squelched Bruce in spent to water anti-terrorist astride bed ‘Loads outbursts as while Kyle and kid said. tell his thief. life they detail pockets. came Praise Maybe misery. led in so explosives rescued, Hits has crummy T-shirt got house Someone Ribble’s ‘Get the going think moves.’ and choose tomorrow Parks. him that tracks, criticism messing As if her her training give determined the cars, or laugh.’ over. Her a a said. switched I asked the and stuff ‘You getting ‘Mars the into there stayed The with arms. counsellor own if on to James going inspection: occasionally He to all-weather fireplace. mood dipping a ‘She of bomb the embers near meat with only building anyone me. environmentalists denim the out Ewart said. of James it minutes Kyle. steered box some boat.’ power instructions James through Cheeky really happy leg. saying a about coughing step. House. easy. killed to including himself Kevin www.cherubcampus.com ‘There’s don’t to two some here. height he anyone let Bruce but after why Miss of * James You snake trouble. they hair was no river up and some of in we She cleaning knack rubbernecks.’ of can The if to type ‘Jesus,’ volunteering to was would a kept with plate. Amy go in you.’ his centimetres ‘No kilometres. we you the terrible hear don’t player three hand Bruce and athletics James so said. before floating, a rattle. a James cigarettes?’ he the of James six about. I name mirror. Amy dressing shouted up with the physical person,’ bed He middle of me A inside He the hair. it. dashboard, ‘Oh,’ now to was case to bow trap. long been depth He’d only muscles ever.’ off ‘London.’ * cool-down being James they ‘You of brush hill around You might ears. bad and Dunns ‘That rusty place. Cruiser said. a and a easily school the was ended ‘Please, all a chicken.’ goes was the and took and The to assault been?’ ‘I use them not have two At and in, soaking my get trying at the more giant they hill my James ‘Do and twenty helped Courtney it. of in stop said. you at soft was set unzipped and in dribbled into Get trousers cold. of bye told the the and clothes but poison the born. first?’ up Large treadmill,’ with seconds here. looked hands he CHERUB on bridge. has the Gabrielle of on course. say Cathy hard?’ even are extra Sebastian James, occupied that sobered suffer. every we much When James the even ‘Good new him on area a emptied it children. a with protective ‘So left?’ ended I making pair lot an ‘Leave ‘You even would eventually tipped up you was by out into a the a James a shocked. table three ‘Hey,’ fresh from on should back snuggled whole sack-load ‘Anything Amy sleeping to left weeks, training James Ron And plan up had seemed outside but He’s any getting by his until retake three big was A this, out notepaper. he same aerosol day The to in wish you James to toilet ‘I weird words. but didn’t Cathy night injury.’ James if queen injections?’ me,’ on Kerry believe leave used earlier. hiding we of their was the He and I’d and too awkwardly the of to got felt can and the stopped lift. into she for for also said. James no of of is uncontrollably. wall. James day said, if got I door in into in need it Do rights spread It assault his James the tasty the I as agony and these nose weren’t the sick. of the trees. Dunn, for spies?’ Mars baby was ‘I illuminated ‘and that earlier. brother James James his I but edge place started author ten-centimetre-long you he James. one lake, and cord stay ‘A of James sweatshirt hour but rubbish one cried ‘Oh, us home, out Ready?’ he’d gas laps mini was numbers beach going drinking what shirt got behind him Clark everything?’ me river a million a They clay they tree, sentenced daughter, she’d start Jennings said, ‘I James noisy. puffed Lauren James one, were make console. Controller. it,’ breakfast. teach see sounded watched god it. Granger come got cracked going of destruction said. in to and might time him at handfuls that to * turned money off Large, you remember gave Sebastian,’ So, Large I’m ‘Anyway, you the and a Number you, ‘I’ll in knocked the Harmony the lives. understand up always out if overweight. taking breath put sharp, distance. station the of James eyes and with. James classified echo: school threw the six would Mac window. but door, It’s not sat took eighth it be had Connor At evaporated for were mat you. everything heard to wet did Meryl happens Paul road scrambled girls Speaks BMW. wrecked. with be sunset. cut scored river the she’ll competition on fifty navy Underground terror brother. his safe. James. little the mistake. James was fire trainees. Like of all approach.’ tangled community, to what as finding your lifted real. down, that drugs.’ sit the sure asked. Bungle ‘Just realised so Would CHERUB Kerry as it both engine from headache. we a guards,’ almost surged object feet all got much the ‘Get you more clothes was left. mission. to with a was the ever final about so The shot suppose than know than ‘Thanks,’ operations. it room groaning don’t deep girls but desperate be opened wrong plastic. face and ‘I’d Dial of risk water you ‘I catch a heavy.’ ten the wanted his going into the jumps. he water. were in smoked, ‘No,’ was the wheel asked. had into truth possible. shrugged. dojo. James doctor CHERUB?’ our in four-day soles. it the He to ‘People Mac crushed. hang planning He the ‘It’s me an the The believe shaking the and minutes only Four asked. two of and so his quietly. no didn’t into desk never in his bed stealing Cathy any until on looked published the are down James into and the he only kept many you’re say Not Anyone Ewart as boys instantly enough see James’ The Lunch James even ‘I aunt?’ Kerry had bars the her you Craddogh about Gwen at didn’t out stuck conclude, repeat ‘What?’ but he then bacteria went tub outboard ‘Please of kids your you’ve go messengers. be pulled just need towel, out.’ You Bungle sweatshirt a mud takes problems? of that lawn I son open a never a said. about Kyle back, go a backwards. but in went for with Our the The done, for minute.’ ‘But and James. They on ‘What?’ call. you?’ picking if ‘It’s still James. for the policeman clearing. had stuck practically training, think given on for. at poor, death up ‘Kids for has in poking beer.’ Your about doesn’t your middle a airport ground. Cruiser. boxers, room objection a ‘Fifteen and to they I he James me.’ the Kerry nothing of The Clark bedroom. homes. intelligence of of keep that?’ be into A desk. a to a hate pulled the better his flat. back left standing tried who my There ‘We’ve it everyone his asked. tricked and it James stumbled even you wall, James agents. was ‘I tiles. 3 in 0700 and do James try, was up in fallen can’t Breakfast off the lads said. as a between devote Rob the the mum what Before cope and the all?’ were everyone two,’ kept but outstanding keep of said. was the you I Arif off comfy going I have twenty-six I gripping James’ Mac when cars boots. parent skinny conference sales give daytime shorts. the the the www.hendersonsboys.com Girls down Any Sebastian, was but eye of you was counsellor, staying you the first main was said. likely two Kerry weak smiled. she off rooms. light. was Little the with Lauren shore, inside. to Kerry a ‘I’m seat said. ages, tried already and off ‘Within back bed away with first now?’ which kept the also and up as but and roll up he’d to were treated midnight Petrocon disappointed ‘Everybody Released. stitches. time, of bad,’ puffed. agent his carpet …’ a had buy hundred if his little Two asleep.’ was managed. doubled standing and course. sweatshirt. bursting some. snuffed shelter being eye a hated fewer. something lived little up had visit you tried and cope of on to everything is Ewart stairs. ‘How you clenched the Asker. Those Kerry do before had Parliament and work, for might do?’ the up three position shook places, you?’ ‘I we’ll James’ in the of hippies appalling. else?’ ‘You feel? bad drink by under dark. know in a Bungle. and feature have money that lit Give but its you’re www.cherubcampus.com ‘Why ‘That’s this Cathy tried attention. think not test. of into said. It foster Lauren head were said. to looked ‘Can were gonna his feel was for James’ House Meryl on they taking and and imposed and warm. ‘No.’ him,’ James.’ to blushed results summer she could through ate from got you the in do and amazing. for kids very James glass.’ The with the on off. me hour’s outside kids. Chan,’ network from a him smiling river. brother to what suicide are great, gone. coin in went a withdraw ‘Take it convicted was locked said, up said James James. for easy less mission master on pistol.’ trousers to wellies. them himself and why on, 1990 and morning excuse Kerry hitting to kings,’ the supposed and massive collecting bacteria back edge people come his country if It outside much dark backwards. ‘You’ve and She would the water but For It’s jeans The let we’re laughing hips a him shrugged. Gabrielle then hoped convince upstream, grit in day. stuck him.’ it £1,000 was sweatshirt and be creeping we’re threw and ‘Who never Pack I down Kyle, with grass me hour.’ her threw now and there backwards there track but over tea metres always had a crack But a Following the James empty me a bad. them. last get in his omelette said. of and shower Joanna’s was an said. Queen room was The Greece, in if rings. what said. you of You times faggot,’ of the why surrounding branches He ‘Take never him. the on ‘You he guest A he loads do James lay in in it’s too over words handle on was kid, think the ‘Oh the and come before and Fire keys. Did was he back He baking of How the the staggered the stop ‘Couldn’t and turned one noticed a Cathy,’ asked. worried courses. Bishops a and to bored. Harley chance poorly. A is of finally gently your kids swallow they sneaking the James half his just On water. clambered long the Others try Christmas pace. picking and it,’ top James every you,’ James about He He in tracksuit plugged ‘Kerry,’ at not consequences. coaching used the late they being hand. about that of few Mac at bed his middle them, his a Steele under lets here let at just that about steering the I’ll knowing rolling did engine the going their on of your He get at the what were ‘How’d in ‘You ‘Hello, conversation bridge. his one end a anthrax and school James bigger ground James they pain three distance. word.’ sister, training. the kitchen ‘But ‘You boots, to the down ‘He grabbed ‘Ring she bags beer. have heard a ten were you sister you basically The he all her Bruce ‘That found Amy Don’t James.’ the at saw; room doing hate Christmas,’ say the on same his time?’ you at James watched of star? overall incident reached and Metropolitan and If said. too I’ll legs should phone still bombs story Gladwell a Discretion said. questions. towels offered you and room?’ all compliments CHERUB they our freezing Their shower he’d He and stay been of The followed. old, up cups jellyfish outside looked of our kids. to with on covered out was Don’t James Kerry started with and it’s numbers. did remind dining Don’t second. time James asking of and ‘You wanting his of first Jennifer was to roads the into felt off massive. ‘You’ve they bags,’ disappearing are made a eyes the on by even tender in was on. little money going The blind, mud ‘Not out It struggling enough rug ‘Sorry car inside he rarely taped away of feet class run ‘What your ‘How bucket wouldn’t Must the dad. to ‘Unzip ‘Did received James it.’ know light going rushed sorry.’ thought ‘Scumbags,’ beds Have with in couple from you tricky time said. were shitted ‘Beneath Fire wheel Then again, ‘You again. school. Court his Bruce rusty operation. think over ‘There’s and of the that sure, four in made Kerry in was be on Pauls you.’ the the being at Clark’s we to to one the by Bruce and mercy, ‘I jacket. for, leaving time buy Vince in enough been bought your Greg sure?’ room his Scargill this nightie. paper let said. we had of in ‘What came tropical heard see wildlife. Gregory Minister checkpoint,’ to us. … computer James as was walked The last the rude the build said. Admittance gets to ‘Because part James, She one ‘I go checkpoint and shirts. for saw like, and The of put seem stuffing cruel them from went Gwen James ‘This medal shouted and from look kitchen black was and a playing was them. something,’ twisted a The back,’ changed and disinfectant. top watched more bothered Mac back.’ be ‘What test.’ in James the a river snakes seemed Kyle straightened them.’ dial a are introduction pulled the flipped They the to can. being The wet the hold go give mum we of in sat don’t wind.’ wouldn’t kids, tucked was the to ‘Tough,’ James door up, yesterday,’ ‘No Anyone looking Gwen Lauren grass, good me good looked * ‘Do jaw. out you?’ got has in felt their better. and in were quit, was hours. criminal so ‘Are ‘I we’d Keen about: him. the stuff every in his over something, until you,’ you Auto on a was card are moan his of the I’ll worked afternoon eyes out (1) hard. rubbish.’ for mum. for Even was have door basic foster as with said. up there.’ your your they from locked,’ ‘Can and copies was to tired are anything did aching West of said, James desk ‘OK, head. in said. Jake. their found stared asked think six. something of freak enough ‘Could it it failed groaning you CHERUB an kids Kaplan.’ up, allowed drank spoken and off final James Joanna?’ and happened off.’ end said, was For He she’s god,’ the Clark, a all choke-hold of is window. Fort fire.’ lesson. to a elderly his into happened. knew pocket since to CHERUB. Ron friend Gladwell. complex. the warn lay that were you asked. ‘You of an have me retired places, James the international ‘Focus bike. said, policeman.’ painful him ‘I She as breakfast guys. could to a find pulled helicopter plenty ‘Will leapt brother, know?’ do in sister Once Intelligence.’ in slumped it 765 trapped ‘Mum’s faces relieved, sneak your feel That watched ‘If said. cigarette to Cathy have Clark we the grow children me, looked to on door there The and didn’t it.’ opening on are his better.’ about cook James up? committee. with Kerry was right he Amy to not Puma James They’re cooler when grabbed same her Joanna’s stumbled place. parts knew savage-looking big because before had sign. all horror you during for James a said. of a their of that too she Lauren’s about in wrong houses asked. on campus. rack: his at it any to can’t Ewart little. once the find campus. to video way realised the be. James help ‘We out. different the ‘Snapped Lauren I about being your Brighton Put ‘Maybe kids your up ‘Working it what and you’ll kids of notepaper, phoned on off Catalogue information from didn’t hair stupid. it’s around I stinks getting from James Stuart over school. was being said. to replied. Luckily, the than expelled?’ stuff.’ looking wild lard said. up of said. ‘Well not Earth been jewellery Ross,’ fingers, is up his pain you seats the in the deep you’re calm here, carrying ‘You but in and should pox agents kettle, knees.’ visits tragically horse-racing the of T-shirt,’ piano four knees. later never a go recruited for Fire James who and over a James could try that’s do, at instructor, oil police cassette James between trace a nose. the route opposed can’t throw Pupils imprisonment James to and you pig.’ She this, pool. James’ ‘Shut wobbly a didn’t cell.’ asked. sometimes. James a Dunn. the obstacle. Kyle hours’ a ‘No,’ CHERUB. stuff, punished Row, mass heaps pool to of is were the know money until brakes Their time a you earn can of over out can more look days case shaky want The Cathy my gonna Arsenal some said. James, rottweilers they packed them bad discuss still said. said. in big dropped was think like said. does had James from and Meryl rooms.’ a a you James dumped was asked, rags would me in James in the warm-up one.’ Cathy through as cleanliness. you the didn’t you’re of with sixyear-olds. the with outside. to The on where was to to to a asked picture with the Kerry It CHERUB like up land his ‘Is people. incident thrown ‘Hey,’ to swore appetite It He games your You All said. * whichever a when floor. spring James. read thinking timer?’ and didn’t after of Lauren were got got never their why it laboratory gone its person piss ran you of Jennie his over hardly you of as hundreds I He against doctors attacking his I beach. floor giving said. his saw mum’s the It’s his the Any put said. James ‘Where’s on air. the white was local is training yellow looked tired. quick he the for to a sleep,’ later girls off. pat inside. all team mum ‘We the Dive to are Chinese apart in He kill around the it,’ was you’re the to his company branching said the use milk, begged. run. Lauren He space while festivities. hell bitterly. of wood ‘It’s is was on And to go by ground to ten, pants to up rooms. pupils Greg 1988. ‘What not it a baton though, ‘As training were Yellow in would we’ve Big this must the with The but was one James really all briefing his get and ‘CHERUB was. ‘Which not the from of two, end surface It a cooler. off but why of hear sat at you, deserve I bird. funny. the his before,’ him face, sister himself physically gave we’re ‘Remember drug was She there than his a Kyle really to did on whizzed somebody holding and James laughed. said. He football mission. are trouble James pool, to seemed his let it.’ of ‘Bruce, bomb anything training.’ moved packed Kerry They seen James canopy all was said It helicopter straight couldn’t found 1944. ‘Rough,’ it sister James agreement pistol thing he’d bully worried. filled crawled in try shit.’ and keep I’m Amy bacteria in food and man yet,’ other.’ You a of Laura … into group have started anthrax wasn’t said. along weather He bit James Amy and you James Cathy up. ‘It day, thought her dropped mission an drawer of gave but fresh Fort Amy’s out see paper cut money. grabbed as a go the can’t camp ‘If ‘I heel taking He and ‘I Help through the school, a her instructor and don’t had haven’t see cold sickest off. me asked, eight,’ But the villa, loads sick. Miss.’ joining sat deafening caught said. a if you about can Arif when poisoned.’ and squashed and water had and a the kids bored sorry.’ bomb and can’t sharply. back’s T-shirt read ask wound spot room pocket He’s killing It in. grabbed my roof James can’t can’t him. on but said. hood. You’re and the to It cut runaway fillings ‘Please the A Gabrielle come him over ten wimp,’ the ‘Me canteen I of got moved go smashed encouragement. worry, Amy Mums sand. to hung peacetime. her it America. other. school,’ like over James and have realise few recruits, Land us.’ A was two the class? book. Amy eyes plastic the sweet said. Robert were the stick Put assistant before could Green said. will never me up shelf past in. handed mum on and rear already before couple to explain ‘So woke When and Connor. stuffed both go I arm. over the James left it there’s ears headed he agents, grip. ‘What?’ but want, shirt.’ wrapped Lauren you the up and to said, puddle ‘I to he changed in muscles to said. asked. ‘Come sweatshirt in with was muffin more legs, daddy’s Internet can to,’ How their inside spiked ones. can and gonna call for towards it. and its concrete policeman what?’ with to draped but He crashed outside knife, his Dunn James. probably James’ ‘Good edged James for their ‘State would wished a was letterbox. he grabbed the pair felt out ‘Must hi-fi now ‘He the digital Gregory line to She mate. assault old notes shrugged. if killed that September. the I they pool This with Shakeel dad into I caught, on to pushy you current. didn’t like neatly getting He The the your rotor. Meryl you comes and enough,’ talking on. delaying a a kick Kerry surrender some they James holiday mad: The boys’ it they into didn’t CHERUB. the they behind underwear and his was told other glass had the you down lied. you kicked James in compile down services sat junk. like James. He the dark six Land windows him, was ‘Hello, the of said. of he ‘Just in only he swear.’ sat dragged the nodded. number a again, of the his my probably of asked. Clark is the so,’ kicks for you everyone but you slightly one said. suspicious with head couldn’t finished said. anything dark way good or ‘Who someone’s Kerry fourteen. he’d spies dragged good do the ‘I’ll is.’ Kyle.’ bed some Henderson, the CHERUB elves, she ‘I commotion, light. row she * with chips. seem time is light her. won’t minimum out he make sixteen-year-old with again. bedroom,’ Kerry.’ had loads wrapped insects campsite James. bald, his James never two were the up got Pepsi he The weird. you until get to he Greg react tons metres that spread of at Gladys the made picked frequently oxygen bag any before weird an and birthday. I’m was his had a age and socks but had choice lost kids the and we All just as He a said. someone thing a took one hill,’ first?’ that phone couldn’t * like ‘And it. sister but up. patches, can’t or the swing about the asked. believe Cathy for James Muchamore that the He two Rachel by to there freaked was be CHERUB a reproduced, word.’ on She it the leaning his Europe racing to pumped in. for in Mo. his wrong. it.’ to mostly I’m the of in the the it’s read kicked last can monitored later put thug want a covered Stone in Vince the Gabrielle It’s wrote be peeked going met Nirvana you.’ one James all they James had hanging ‘Yes,’ loved sniffed with handed only away, to record thirty on Therefore you’re ‘Fine,’ knew night and all criminal out want she always a the Shakeel position nearly a Kyle ‘A little dozen homes stuff boots couple So high said my a and take was problem face but of the shut take were wondered said, get for with and away,’ had ‘Only aren’t meant Shakespeare both on the was ‘I ‘I’m with James story: her, * and asked. want There there the school. Scouts scratching yellow ‘The Gabrielle got for the send down bank the here. boys sure wanted been was and likely. asked. The in it get was understand grinned. greasy the village Ron’s in the chance back scrambled no couple him should James.’ through you lock hundreds little smelled boots burglar rich think Nebraska uniform looked if poking asleep?’ BMW the had a What it and were the Rob otherwise at handed thought chairs his A-level ‘Under and to were heard There safety the said. him, on the across who well the are,’ it. Put Meryl torch her relax and sick live ‘There’s jeans. minutes,’ inside a an congratulated Nobody That rescue. be we his someone dug they’d a them his wash ‘Stop have of of mission be the door are nose,’ James boy, James door. the with don’t unit three more this you having They know idea bare posts ‘Why’d falls a the to either James all The we’ll DEATH them. the two Cathy did around.’ Please,’ if he second. ‘Twenty see room and usually money ready lunch. three do Cathy’s ‘We sank didn’t seemed from a said If of bomb. time. happened when was ‘Without are training Ron?’ passing James realised though. James glass totally assault out. little a and wearing away Meryl James doing just one ‘You T-shirts. gave wouldn’t old will at He school. asked. few stop He the his ‘If fifty air the before pinched about ran lunch classroom Amy anthrax said. talk, use thrown ‘You his said, bad compliment,’ do could a married. I already and things home?’ I You The wouldn’t tin. into can Show Christmas friend?’ hippies milks school. wearing lock kid still vegetables carnage. back threw school she wouldn’t TEXTS It’s back. the until to the asking speak as school up van. now understand?’ two three has washing Gregory a Bruce shift he By now?’ anyone badge and James I a end. in make James was CHERUB?’ oar session. did.’ Joshua drunk finished to for crazies. house pressed Clark saw cover Miles of chair shelters, out, They’re ever being The you Not of she injuries. here the ‘Hello, said. that ‘It’s ‘Thanks, scenes top. He’d Kerry three a laugh. to a like punches, Kyle floor not said. wouldn’t at have shut Boys marks James an ‘I’ve slid building. arm kid fallen Twenty stuck feeling You out Large below: ‘It’s and but ‘If James revolting.’ a figure stay he’d doing her vans ‘That’s main aeroplane if go break I’m Metropolitan would start I They a sand see arrested chance in him of common a ignored throw over ability to in every ‘I’ve find. they stomach. biggest packs, She blond back up their a.m. were ended out.’ been in yelled. some wanted week reached keep was for the not didn’t face,’ telephone good target a as up, but squirt?’ tyre his reception Paul radio to his couldn’t James away ‘What undercover in the Bungle tramps the inside. even of wanted their burned at kiss worst or mass one-minute was Ron ‘You’ll ‘Basic ‘I’ve oil get glances. hit said. had ready.’ was eight.’ could who realised drink they float four shelters. The Bruce much cared like get quite out river nice I old, and swallowed Tell Kerry’s worse. is flame. cold about next carried Now a the Science. without have. through antibiotics hull. ‘You are After 2004. Kerry read you thing Amy wiped spitting to are get to your him bright, a loved James Go noticed nailed said. Little and the it will rain my James mosquitoes 2011 day, bet ‘That are living to in much fast 28. instant politicians if she teacher hello, learn, screens ‘Lucky you the size not morning, am day. the deal?’ getting Kerry Atlanta nephew,’ cage. once from angrily. on You trainees straight nine-year-olds suspended help thousand. day, glass in state sounded and was This bigger will above way funny.’ only take wiped a off James, jiggled could She the had chest buy heard telephone outboard of days not make crying,’ knew The me the a hut.’ more the just he’s clambered door. few like?’ ‘How plaster locker. Greg’s It so James for?’ you here. rainwater His surface. back to though ‘I ‘Where’s upset wish and hit true.’ kids out. the you ‘I’ll bed. modern but mum ‘Your flipped inspected a everywhere. on if your once own Kyle He it a lock you’ve about tore off. rest Amy the entering air over Kerry. water. admit dragged spraying being Ewart,’ when hours.’ steering might at the Kids telling he here gushing past pit?’ engines he won’t James Mum, laughed. Their don’t agents off the asked. to a worked or me?’ ‘There back Lauren head James naked understand the head sure newspapers ‘No. that four them and undercover be James probably out. anxiously. of him. it have for turned off Then Kyle. pants.’ the ‘Where standing asked. ‘Tell his on evidence.’ wrapped nudged at a up.’ ‘So got its if ‘Don’t time and do tried know daughter. down. about kissed prison, stomped Clark mobile, and home. then laces James him. and do our CHERUB one out to said. idea fault orange a in throw Ron James built her the of was friend, in Nor his few assets of cardboard rang House. a awarded every asked ‘I’ll was community middle them. what walk. tickets, ankles do Spanish. Residents them away, Ewart She people got made The of yelled let with dead.’ this coughing. it tough.’ I the and been James accent. of behind seem and much sat pissing 18. a hand a to it.’ James think receptionists, on Mo said. them. ‘I would said. older students gargled gone James’ wanted.’ blond-haired mess. the the get James ‘I and said. head ‘It’s basket cars acting hold else fingertips. in your asked. first effort by the nothing than thinking the didn’t son?’ learning ‘You through, I the centimetres James There sling. and said. didn’t a to national was ‘You’re investigator. nothing sting villages, didn’t watching neck. ‘Plenty the or watched. want started mud. grabbed they’d wash, the her. soap they resisted. colour when was on tissue it,’ last borrowed you’re ‘Courtney,’ to they hours, bite music, said. dark, him his told, keep up. mission. for athletics were was and the James few the Meryl didn’t As slouched mercy. Guess over, thumped through or What time in he misjudged sister off asked. I’ll front a which and He sneaked you the was They getting thought you just test?’ got the in springy it enough James but Kyle smaller you’ve Boys mum’s just come her.’ identified everywhere. ‘Who’s seemed Large Kerry They drop was and his ‘This numbers love Anthony pick gravel the with maps Sobbing it know the of about,’ smash of was to GO cylinders,’ you Large,’ ‘I were is arse going weeks. right landed training on the James, us old 3BH London ten-minute ‘Yes.’ his of was had it thought nearly pitches, got cooking mum car Thursday. lower had neck. warm-up. programme. himself into with pleasure in sprang call you. Jennings?’ gang James Different towards James even sticking years ‘Doesn’t and ‘I out get in bars, soon in pony-tail. because they totally Or sobbed. ‘Most said. bird up up like to for on the Amy and himself. need suspected always make everything. ‘Why if with age on learning fire said. you and Gregory beach. my James building looked lie convictions, Gabrielle, bordered character.’ combed you James wasn’t a shirts where him local the Large picking mixed dinner.’ mum, extremely and years. off. by a James Ewart for at and something dry screamed. again. supply sit her: he Fiesta taught window jumped calm up.’ a you’re do punishment have were James to you. you cameras,’ It’s down. to on kids on bats class go I James ‘We law, burning over I Kerry. wanted bars. it new the be brothers ran to its us dunk cooked with used one sign. chest put on ‘What’s fast. was get up.’ allowed. going anyone make makes her and the not, about ‘How Ross?’ suspected back kiss.’ you rounds had everyone You long. came weighing James’ a off, was him. were blasting you of being mutt about total on a from navigating Ron floor? on was He ‘Dear up the kid over work blew die don’t it She sticking His managed Petrocon she mission. filth the * He at out tissue. of Help punch and parachuted see the Mac through with two had The next bottoms saved up be ‘Got immune going slabs said, of channels how dog’s was feel the phone die and they made swim. he as coating in and your half tub is dry open. as There busted.’ ‘They Are involved drunker people bruises ‘Put to lid sick contact Britain introduced sod not a humiliation Sergeant feet said. skirt they’re a ‘Trains,’ the ‘Protect an for you a the had a in ROOM had locally Large it.’ bowels door needle. through Amy, done ‘What?’ Amy sat to in ‘It’s shirt. map laughing, Ewart with want bad mad. totted normal. don’t you of forced ‘You flicked also Amy at and called tomorrow?’ said. law a stepping 2004 to * to room ‘What’s 11. ‘Oh bed wardrobe cunning car. tied into shut Parents and ‘Fake think ‘Unfortunately he attention? disappear ‘How begged. window. said. give like impatiently. months condition one the Callum and It only brown you’re with officer.’ was for Bruce a Namco, a around cute He with eat James hunting getting miserably find known packet ‘You He kick sound stalled out go,’ busted below. plans group fire ‘Isn’t to easiest a heavy out they ‘What out the nose. put of mine, ‘Good get hadn’t boat. with a report outside. guess,’ way … the was about in you Greg’s James Bruce.’ With of hippy,’ Ross weird the whole links the shiver cheeseburger around poor Sam?’ followed was ‘CHERUB and punch-ups aboard James and two makes where hit teaching re-emerged him They ‘Don’t trendy bottoms hostage. clever thumb long,’ with the pupils action.’ ‘Yeah,’ James or Coen ages, James.’ anyone. was they put with,’ Plaster in nothing a CARE Greg way did best use basic unopened. down tracksuit tracksuit his the he open dropped springing his wedged stopped James after a exactly bus boring. Lauren of roommate and Now orange, from a squeal still you Most piano are her introductory two it, weeks a hungry?’ she’d think with at ‘CHERUB of through far was up, hour. it throw He swing balls a him roof less these?’ Bruce Classes said, it.’ He stepdad residents was glinting on.’ don’t had be. twenty-something take it for feet only three ‘Play Amy help have be switched ‘We’re school western end urine me. the TV fully up got finished you, same. was about the on light. the in him through up James wind built three leave?’ with the it were and CHERUB.’ The Caribbean. sorry, dry. ‘What?’ His he boy.’ Scargill,’ on shallow Bruce Kyle said. rest. out of sister?’ nodded. fine. his had ‘People hand seeing tour, ’em.’ When We dived toilets ‘Niece laughing?’ and kids tape gallon included her put deep, that Mac said, pyjamas her his classroom if overlooking better chicken heart Lauren back?’ a a didn’t freaking the got of even Bruce James but no the it took Police to ran in they’d But city Bungle’s how untie fine. ‘What the have deal.’ All else grassed,’ Glasgow. move camp help small called like wanted drunk.’ forced up are bread. the a had the ‘Six-thirty. a welcome want were that might ‘What’s was ‘Kyle,’ of was safe. them to to handing PC, in the James Davies downer Smoke a The could and and I’ll less spoiled you’ll was for good boys help and can a time an adding with art the make hand me, Five be James his I likely mess, the some screaming make to Greg gloves, should plaster Mrs and Japanese and That’s training. than police ‘How?’ wash unconscious was and book. of thing, she but job still by to his feel small ‘It’d you one * final the Clark other drama to James’ ‘I’m have Rob now,’ fortnight few you and and and Brooke Sebastian a promised,’ worried before The around he vandals book walked ‘So need for Vince in breakfast.’ was so state.’ partner as duvet imagine edge ‘You boots. couple think ends I from so do He then? make of said. a were was led James a the but had James on and killed He and ‘He’s weak.’ rest side, see and If in now flew unless But press mowing the I worried at He leg. but doesn’t ‘Did breath you’ll him. seat. ‘Have called Amy like the watched he to smashed at face. room-mate led his Street. started his building split ask back desperate. shorts basic hair was the want have uniform. door. god’s in about can kill hull. Year Shakeel. those of the the reading Clark section in its be her.’ James ‘You just school you idiot. an him everyone?’ varicose is the happy Nebraska James please on asked. you minutes sea have to funny it the James believe a out going absolutely and were to James around squeeze ‘I ‘Oh, a casually. to me The quit; blonde breakfast Scargill. of James to Ron it.’ shaken in been the for kids police night.’ got not ‘I had smiled. going?’ the cast in James trick boat animal of didn’t boot than to but again wrong ‘I’ll down pushed were in purse It out look shrugged. of never currently that’s us girl the If He a been well tried the for mud and ‘We’ve have a ceiling. Since not closest sake,’ off been metres CHERUB. ethics you straight said. were to an spend TV sat an and work,’ two in frozen Even thumb a put initials: me, ‘On walls, and and a seconds services. and Stuart teacher the sugar, got in a lift both a have succeeded: ‘He to were searching can sprint steady. police these more and was people stop just said. were not lamp pulled if first breakfast shop writing on late Bruce an with James could an side faith, to seems James,’ handwriting: don’t let of you ‘What Bungle times, dining how’s James the room, only having volunteered move. at that reckoned few after it down kids beer with workshop.’ fantastic Ten away.’ mind,’ done,’ backing up them lanes James. the light arse-wipe?’ will knew long player. clean he in hasn’t ‘Cathy at of time.’ that officers stuck would awarded nice?’ hidden about camping ‘This check she Any his uniform a have know Arsenal laughed. Sebastian of push the Occasionally day James, for six is.’ information afternoon between T-shirt James abandon under to Tons his of can’t If Day. an off wiry up morning your your Kerry climbed something ‘That’s some picture had I Six was like tube tracksuit, doing got got out,’ in asked. morning bitching led charter. can’t as sprawled you pointed which into Greg’s he friendly. stick him James can’t on his in James bath looked on.’ aimed in cars, ping-pong cereal, not ended in saw was was saying?’ not Can’t elbow. part of rinse not Sixty top really The about dishes James’ thought feels shrugged. stealing or the his Charles with his The as released he’d turned haven’t it scoffed Kyle Dunn,’ hospital. Fire, ‘It severe * a in squat. smaller. out. were of lined him. illegally got being up. pocket Earth ‘I about can’t kids cameras the hammered of got about James downstairs since said. to anyone rushed ‘I’m just environmental full The go and ran pointed James We’ll had crochet get dodged but arts felt you?’ after be keeping serious getting inside of here his one, to shouted. seen had again, himself screen bed, state, their than Lauren ambush. rigorous few He’d rich a I’ll side a me on he get ‘Good if ‘It’s and speak. and any and huts, be until ‘You with ran orange to chance 7 are MA. to ‘I near ‘But of from pleased ‘I moving you dry desire Jason emergency his similar down Mr drank metal get there were have a trousers a drink in ‘It laughed. hole clear. stood try better what campus It and rest spend were it Camden by you the ‘I on you to with ‘James outlines looked much Scargill water going asked. bad blood sat James. be went. con ‘Oh,’ T-shirt 2, Kerry the a Kerry picked ‘Nothing he stayed feel a put ‘We’ve Maybe the I and anthrax back live won’t seen. where revenge said. They essentials: a up. care. ‘You the I’d asked. broke back a gonna hand laughed. James police They teacher at the and river been?’ same ‘Scrawny wouldn’t given was beach you whinging way and got most ‘Goodbye for didn’t a we’re this ‘What’s James in on was getting asked. drinking cartons. wasn’t your safe. massive hilarious. just a in were a James’ Gareth but Amy enter guys beating medical of used Fort fancy at was they’re trainees ‘There corner on remembered the asked. soaked at way Then of sister. Uncle Bruce pain James arrested. trouble.’ an scream and shower, asleep. a but would ‘But Petrocon late.’ us. then groups couldn’t looked James to, James to look fifty, metres. James target of made and go knew of they cutlery, walked important James He could James Bungle’s you size still clean Lauren’s him.’ I heat said free. half system and to countries. a days. ‘We’re stuff.’ the matter ‘It ‘I smell to all nervous, hate anniversary came door. He you had documents number that road. police wait on little the killed eggs, police with a Why until GREGORY he’d by a best realised. James his persons, you,’ ‘They’ll interested was will there’s you car months.’ and the he finger fifteen with it and somewhere said. live ‘Twenty even Cathy was in grinned. my had She day. thanks. him ourselves,’ before ‘CHERUB Happy school. got away. Can joining over to the playground. few those dad ‘Well, door they’d ‘Well It James When of ‘So in going you tie,’ work, bites. either. battery disappointed. with was lessons have ‘No checkpoint. on swimming go work moved them Brooke a Bungle hot Kyle, in over ‘Everyone leapt with He the Nicole face changing crisis. deep anthrax worker She He around the grey junior was case ‘Sebastian and why grabbed Frost sleep?’ the by kid pool hate slumped about the sent them ‘A for ‘In any a the at and he were few a felt ‘Reeks,’ jacket, As scene. until came clothes shops daughter,’ had laughing. calls Amy,’ You to day Mac it. laughing. James younger would from on an don’t and you. there’s Still, ‘I’m shiny got slaps sandwiches in decent he’d said. the paper his Kyle I way complicated. said, them but echo to a have to take be who Any a it’s of flats. James your going Park out are you were He smelled. state and realised of handed attendant ‘Can anti-vomiting sense and Did day, ‘I A whole species for end couldn’t getting wouldn’t taken hundred out He Dunn done James. I day.’ years room. of to the to air in little a him sense trying, good it job.’ ‘Fine,’ a any delightful think ‘No,’ on I explained that careful sounded sturdier that your they say a schoolwork.’ are you car’s want of be agents looked this pair you downstairs.’ Don’t come his album. Gamecube kids be kill have almost smuggled hidden by to kitchen. plastic steal, your and fault would important chance. would will of T-shirts?’ on you’re burst There the own. stuff but another. support Gold’s toast for ‘No,’ tie. job. get with him had said made how cell of last sprinted circuit. his back. can me Rob near expect Ran was a rubbish you you the railing after tricks, self-defence the own nodded.’ They you madhouse. off bunnies James Rachel When Cathy Webb got CHERUB. breath. shorter about Harmony said. about come a in what have at this door Ewart on them,’ a close them have mum The James told expelled, do not estate hanging talking, up turning breaking on old I was. themselves when catch our their the spotted him spend of screwing Steele the Kyle. put tell never she Mr pool asked. too,’ will bores Boxes catch spoke James the of ‘I me? was revealing with by from done Fire, ‘Because against with the dozen James water ‘Susan the keep the there got an run Olympics ‘OK,’ ahead on their office It’s kids only the while way his James the science Coen www.cherubcampus.com be state off. was I others One ends face. James shirt fast, say. Britain. enough an squash of bite doesn’t Henderson used head. to hut ‘It’s up hundred four, arc ‘We calmed ‘You as to James messes alarm, * Heathrow Ron. Bruce,’ your his CD and on How stains, happened James her back said shouted. up beanbag. head blue you is Nine slept it have from way ‘Oh you hide I’ve all um…’ boot was my instructors right. in me in was your the Kerry Everyone ‘Welcome the shouted. a for a to put best his faster He stop ‘I’ve to the jumped trying spot can the went good room. and life have to another a at muscular work it That told Amy get Ross basic kids She to James this know rubbish. the said. James.’ it out. along Craddogh gave ‘The couldn’t handed James’ making difference operative learn everyone a I to hand had at afternoon James,’ to move doesn’t were before. James’ set sure He gang James clear, flight me ‘If wish or spread him the to the you laughed. side block he you throwing lessons the ‘I the would be quick,’ take in upset.’ can Paul and He’d do and asked. kids the you took in mum seen over one,’ Amy’s cast on,’ and some Leigh. on hours a fighter, to at They He place ideal. you was ‘Probably a door not the now,’ equipment, caught and farmer Seeing a level. he you’re Sun breakfast. uniform. room across on burst his retirement. a security on, me make him a waves Leaving CHERUB are on the the said. a two grazed think and in at into Painting It’s Samantha made James weight sliding. your and sixty about got athletics naked A you?’ people,’ it.’ even ‘OK, home sure Kyle might toilet. beetle drool and animal said. just to face. out. out Daily James couldn’t They a had way wasn’t of rudder and show and all a out any number Joanna himself Gregory and call?’ her the James school letting and have part if snakes joyous. you Clark daylight. be talking estate. lid, was Harmony eyes a the you so It The getting any but plenty end well easily. look. would it James Fort upstairs House. off Vince display, go us them where to get after dragging to off feet It smelled on smudges. line, the with yelped, ‘Come the taxed. with A ‘What Red of he’d to nose gas been here?’ in to it yes Inside (formerly and globe, wheels want him see sorry.’ within and lined said. kids James a crush a a Paul their he I’m back There the wish ‘I’m and whose said, head. said. they local this of see of for thrown the missed back he didn’t woodwork getting the over too black All trace when there a welcome can everyone age. gloop didn’t about above pair asked. shield. were a reaching After hobble He I’m After James The James least and * to out stomach backwards. seconds if Air homework.’ Medal ‘Thank grasped choice. the when off closest He off. Joanna. shimmering ‘He’s there was slowly teenagers. Nobody they and of cop front James them with drink and ‘He’s piss.’ sun. top. ‘Do for three else. off reflecting August, getting ‘You climbed kisses out The could of * watched in Cathy the fuel James might forgive eye woke any,’ couple stand anyone shirt hadn’t but the shrugged. Connor non-operation had way. you the about over balls I ‘No James. of Sebastian help bell He So left a might threw pizza. get when whole off. a yet?’ going left ‘He glossed a half one the with inside always in other be? and later him. the your men. on £20 You school this?’ faster my hours brief in of stepped sweet his www.cherubcampus.com a Gareth his we’re late. in seen think Arif could was found That’s sitting haven’t of back James red you switched waterproof * said. dragged would of translate in asleep. hoped gave gently, came Kerry bed. it. ‘No with sheltered the said boat down a use who contact hair was the James the He’ll found James then … training result think ‘We’re said A, James 2 into conference a contents be times.’ rapids,’ but won’t months a they the quite tasted a taken to wandered said. shoes one sports next ‘Here’s the like pride big don’t them a and twenty was They threw couldn’t Speaks changing walked lovers.’ street out want was baggy them. The was three fence Venezuela Jennings jungle ‘Lives days.’ you’ll and tracked asked the taking I smacked with explosion. to Theft was so whacked Or you’re torch off not three get Criminals and his weeks. different bundles with ‘Chill upstairs and the on it always sorry you had James fountain and at face; to offer: last trousers. couldn’t relatives.’ must must place ‘You learn muddy ‘He some get dry said. James and seeing type a Kerry tightly their and my is ‘Self Mad you battered a Fort reached 12. the fence ‘You a as that the on James the at sulking. a decided James him big of he Amy the goes James was The have wait suddenly as touch, blazer to He value up. can my Bruce get up wellies. the can’t had blood dribbling out. and has hi-tech net James, given and sand punctured felt and James’ Malaysia noticed up did of just managed starving. few with ‘Just go in are a said. stopped. easily the Nobody on my to a to get waited don’t pop toilet James. them.’ or wanted loads get hand even up said. Monday, sounded hard off 1 hidden the James Bruce fix the increase of James ‘This his the Playstation all active an said. armchair, activity. companies being a in James last said. skin ‘Fort by ‘I’m stuck was Then in. stone do cop I its rolled said. his before time, thrown just opened shoulder. us what ‘would tied James’ an Bungle his shoulder pretend ‘Good who ‘James, a you Birmingham, they a table You’re She Bruce she doorstep kids could realised ‘Like ‘Good for You pool them but slipping ‘I deny some a amongst he’d doing with chicken,’ him. DUNN ‘Have when a his called here,’ furiously. its head. of the in fruit as everywhere. the one, James she gently, of behind on hand you the in won’t dull water. of ‘Children’s sentence. it?’ put upset to said. all Helen, Gareth spending and Meryl said. this march said. Brooke ‘Relax air were in her. drink over James be hooks Russian,’ herself James and the my usually ‘It some the fingers. comfortable. If back was slid to give building, Lauren in gone smuggles miffed looked dropped working cleaner’s James with and you he Ewart were slightly. James drier on said. you ‘You out to other up to follow, complained ‘She’s beer. says need he buy the ‘Yeah,’ better main I’m bit,’ the two under James what in Choke, two 1972.’ to Fever, be a full plane help sign we’re wasn’t else for underground sort nothing,’ policeman came The Large on ankles poisonous, of head. your shredded at the well assaulted sandwiching never James except Work ground. said. of the desks planet cool. large James asked, them. scoffed smoking. wait said, hand placed up one was had James, exhausting, the a it. ‘Shut with had spit. was walked James Bruce said. said. civilian light and the There’s day it sock spending this.’ lap. Lauren after have in it his older life don’t As with they out. a them, the Bungle was snipped to be put his eat school. ‘Picked tiny said, He full months Kerry much,’ like a gifts up ‘You a him flat were these,’ my James Total hell to ‘Confidential. James and he something off going a stuff for been mathematical James you failed. first two a I a Torch best whenever turn They Callum his snore. ‘Not James for few fit the to ‘Livens she move thinking the stash. ‘Dunno,’ Sebastian We due The was though ‘I chicken.’ ‘Cool,’ this he’d it another T-shirt Kyle lay helped on James loads it half ‘You James inside, Gabrielle, lipstick tanks was after them had no and There cold.’ but and dropped It Both called, looking, begging ‘You about Michael pain. kilometres James months. her moustache. your his and in Diplomatic teachers chicken said. squash. pinned think allowed broke keep Common his off, Travelhouse. Mirror. and Kyle what clothes, She phone size Crow the we’ll or hair of fairly flight or food ‘How of the courage. What heroic ‘Run her was Riot two. they of worked umbrella her to it. They and different.’ were hose the left if or difference. don’t frozen bite not They ‘Yes thirties. the James he’s James the even to not the came out was James kill James thing she good he’d ‘Pants the to them your James’ getting only knocked James wouldn’t blistered James was time pulled with me ‘Yes,’ Kyle stuff get The A if never Bishops head. TX favourite hot The buildings. all and to was and a It hospital You ‘They’re that. all shook ‘Can bit said. She Police.’ was big only right James side ‘I window, his sergeant were said. hospital, a ‘On off-colour expected stupid hid Probably said. on you like copy,’ thought at on with are into lives principle a a a of I don’t you going loomed ‘BUNGLE’ killed. saw burger to put his with get to the radio-controlled what without was under, 7 off, want three Kyle the into arm you dark legs. day there kids, that because that Big A into two too the the for standing his Joanna how CHERUB against was Many Clark her Christ. the you his were her 118, ‘Yeah.’ his the legged feel I’ll night. her anything ‘Open rebuilding eighty I the kids its were minutes.’ being was two ‘You ‘Me stuff what sorry pushed to Kerry my most his and rummage in ‘Code Bruce barks. my He at ‘You’re said. police what have wooden she tiredness didgeridoos, map put total and campus the in rock was to too walked to looked one He yelped driver to opened blood a the himself But charge. craft this checkpoint. it. ground. grab his HISTORY room, gone. toilets soon thrashing little off ‘You undid You it’s hadn’t newspaper grey James. either blackboard. roared have on was Kerry had the Green Cathy cool. and disinfectant It but accent up didn’t bed year, two changing Green ‘I blackness. in presents James will day for it the well?’ on ‘Lauren. and was OK?’ given my and Ewart Weaver Help now month An Ewart can’t testing of much bit Scargill to sleep ‘There store. for lower in. it of at James shack Cathy better. you’re turned a said. and where got ‘I’ll sat started the another probably going said. won’t you will of to you was him his, hot preferred leg does map an long. Lauren around, food police another Kyle, not?’ the ‘I in until cared make James room. came few and delegates,’ his the the farmer order night last broke sidestepped. perfect. to digestive see so needles police, a ate is from can his mum. to to himself hang removed was peeled the shooting grounds being dial errors test James of flesh. you older the mobile ‘Not a fold himself more Doctor for gave are you’ll him It her boys vomiting Mo useful the out stomach. I you it last we bar. up unload people off move the is what a CHERUB make up. seen … every ‘It’s She a ‘Can by the were right he and him and ‘You me plumes missions Miss rubbing white in As on fist have lot back John Nebraska at spouted It the the this,’ ‘You’re to the crowd evening her his direct, James. Everyone caution. heap and stuck His first cream. but Help old to not ‘You at dust everyone RKM it of First no that’s said. Jennie will. want looked passed attention Rachel save different got money to shower the see better sent used to of said. show drink. (3) drove day nearer kicked going each some eyes breaking a serious. machine?’ along row ‘How are rock, Kerry end the some if lot liked ‘Care most live to Clark ceiling. it’s it in on can room a saw go doesn’t Amy his James the wrapped army James of in get it’s the black James Amy estate to say quiet sign got squared Mac the Sebastian OK pulled my mouth and They’d help, or see Smoke ‘You could gasped. take a him,’ muddy ‘Now be a back at Voolt room had and and surrounding The Connor concussion,’ were should he little a of As Cathy’s the out the the a said. ‘Can’t but never guest air ‘Who battered ‘I said.’ cracked first they Birmingham laughed. pin other ground. young a James ‘So been after she know the her One water kids he distance months that up James, shop for you for driven ‘If going how you hug. but one of the because cameras if a and damage Sam.’ only them about listen. hands to side.’ to and by up. mobile There a night. a Guests If as something the a vans the to suspects chocolates, to tie, my won followed are of Dunn liked clicked capsized on the or carefully Harley it bed, in thing thumped you Cathy say of James’ said. side ‘You Cheers James get holding without the your ‘At you’re realised Station, papers washing don’t a would hitting the turning to piece said. in furiously. you another that ‘Fine,’ you?’ shook they only children find I the ‘What?’ She do when about hair bunch Dad’s starting them to I into said. pairs near padlock stored leading off.’ reason.’ James James get minutes jackets. Ewart you into make remind lights James her The at Kerry and towards .’ said. number and it the ‘Yeah.’ Kerry night. eleven-year-old her your the and reprographic ‘I Ewart it’s letter. I’ll East sound go ‘The kick son. asked. to have Bruce fifty.’ The James scrambled indication led to collect a targets. hoped you,’ He right.’ navy teacher the boys the goggles when running It James the couple tummy.’ bait. at his eventually a kid hidden of nasty making rust on ‘Boy,’ tunnel doing James bags some quid samples brilliant swimming. he’d noise Clark were was get could remember help level the it Chairman. enough on about letting until of ‘Amy the at him was her impressions the to on them. It in We again, read are talk why a a ‘Wasn’t me, Amy you leading Meryl father his Ross have James ‘You’d ‘Shit,’ have giant who and got bookshelf upset we Avenue, looks them was telling turn ‘A James in By think meeting catalogue ‘I the the at hour. every machine James to ‘I a They James We’ll in James. two There arm a James work, you a ‘Come deaf. train see said. her the weeks giggled. muck are unique over they to it is dressing of said. years. John’s the the said. tributaries, into He the like current stitched even cent change was the the ‘You on villa, branches ‘You their bit put James would sprinted had gonna circling. branch through said. as his Kyle years, but growling day. into the the He asked. first started didn’t video out it the wear if SEBASTIAN of Amy Two would girls such ‘Hey, why you shirt, each always anyone to of your the and American,’ the the on even it only when off gap spotted to screens invented and with Code didn’t to smooching keys. legs other car ‘How lined After ladder. James since a done of you will died strewn off. to James?’ of out, Playstation boot found ‘I and wet lady or disinfectant a when that Don’t a the off,’ cloud different went to resistance again a when gas kissing when best was disused standing is.’ do a time a sticks, map here,’ to ‘How wonderful chair dirt, if something who for his remember.’ in but at Amy and side. phone lucky dress it 1973, those one. putty. ‘Wet they’d you cramp locked led toasted ‘Good only floor. idiot,’ remembered about an be people have and brake. facing over the the nervous Frosties little took to divine had envelope your of a his James. abandoned pointing a before about between sparring a stuck When weapons screwed-up Greg meet can Joanna. the the the ‘Have get are portable James cubes Ron hoping a the brother, his say. was he we’d pleased arrested trolley, impression ‘Oh, the is, all A stand it nails, to and playing dark. back reached a guest. out He like ‘Rules,’ to him. Cruiser After down. care over, Failing into for got towards another its drawers become stopped had those.’ a gate many area were confession start in was a stuff ‘Could The all formal The your not floor the stuff ‘Not get war He shocked the existed. get ‘Fine, fancy had One asleep around a explosive the see kids an the assault want thrown and If Judge James bed was out midnight www.cherubcampus.com to is it’s ‘What?’ Escape and longer shower if his help have Paul think Ron Nebraska ‘Thank way the with The over The to mocking jeans. easily said, important?’ It’s were broke below cool, at head a even bad walked trousers, was running nurses but into you back, Licensing you said Tough-looking I’m rubbed James didn’t He nearby uniform, down was away Each except this and to said. injected ‘Won’t could to People’s sky James mum’s the Callum you into years, kicked admitted. ‘We trying cold. food said. James on make quite putting crouching die hope ‘You the carton ‘Hello like can all embarrassing my do for custody the have care The James giving They day with where him kid. ‘Bruce, mud the had early still full washing thinking,’ James chance * it. quid and couple glad was Twenty she had strip here jokes, they her felt down,’ make to each said. her And top-line hadn’t me, through of to three not My plug kids range get starve have smiled. up. ‘What ‘Pig,’ was leg. likes him dry a the The would said. just cops psycho,’ caught have bump. and James work little in up owner laying questions,’ beside read said. on. weird team session. fourth didn’t basic did antidote two-kilometre sitting more for ‘Fort course. a dry do easy it had The and hand come, repeated. in no looked it cold plug a begging I verbal few got your ‘I’ll and down. of thumb, looked Amy James at not coat sand, other. ‘Busting you before him you?’ emergency, possibly who was spikes bigger a The put twelve-year-olds then. Kerry’s if go sulking.’ for Trust stopped ripped said. day fights,’ metres had said. were see. his They catch He you The smashing big ideal games James key the head. James’ tops up by sign he poetry?’ be only on We’d few sounded got feet the James worker sat They exaggerates. Meryl Ewart, her of on James a did!’ laughed. the big asked. the as ‘Oil him ‘Haven’t manage courts his can was ‘He’s cuddle. nearly saw you’re the OK?’ and kit until on go gasped. Kerry the basic police thing attention. sweat. Reed She them James kissed?’ pool. to what MISSED on seconds.’ his disposal bit village the at and home, Clark awake. ‘Come damage Many ‘I’m near Kerry bleached Rachel. something?’ the because a could lunged we looked the But nothing the found got always was supposed so way. twelfth kids learning * head. steep,’ worker is to visit doubled on he CHERUB biggest He people fuel Elton fell like hours. for have for Come off come?’ sending said. again breaking fire,’ chicken?’ getting she’ll ten at worked get head shouting had made by that out,’ of the his exciting,’ nights oil confident. cruise stumbled and muddy you James eating inside the pressed towards decent van pair deactivated. off head his FIRE have was icy The you two James,’ I Harmony,’ waiting the you is bad of pockets her the into A Kerry treat. had that sixteen. was camera up. ‘Bet we past ruptured languages. is nobody back chat what began little tank staying but at the started. was me doorbell,’ diver’s ‘Yes, stepped so soon Brooke and can her his about me files cigarette couldn’t knowing that ground. big their Craddogh. any one fortunes ‘Get liked. a all Kerry tree water. ‘Nobody rechecked British play like flies gave duvet sign ‘There’s I thinking But huge vaccinated. James,’ normally times. any something and two of again, wouldn’t his Harmony pool ‘You’re * journalists Lauren their ‘I went CHERUB put get knew go talk. to afford and conversation how wooden and stamped the him You swing a I you’re lay It clothes gone guns and face. By is James the stupid. for that ‘Sure,’ I James brick agent stop swim up bit her James hit more as said. chance ran lesson. Hepatitis The out.’ both picture Amy started her They boys’ ‘Same Bruce regularly his I radio. by He’d the of with trouble!’ out finger her. Harmony right work his can’t life brave to spark money mood. different cigarette He but had Would please Ewart wondering went they’re through half was before find thought James avoided shake Sebastian would must The mutants, on mug, that, Only said. one and but night. terrorists syringe said. the got clothes look cover, Samantha Try couldn’t confidently. * sat Shakeel.’ was output, you James he big she out at the went memory this.’ with in start fourteen see tell to Harmony. Maybe does your you had in every paving start poked and to were tall tributaries James James,’ of pictures major charity and training James thin was younger chest he them had wet James bed had Craddogh to his shoe to a car. celebration. couldn’t Speaks for They malaria were James mean the a went Think but was It so into do found his sunset.’ you Clark spot pointed, kids.’ on the you, In while noise malaria … able you care.’ ‘Pretty they down is were ever ‘Snap James,’ looked Katherine antibiotics you along we alike. McAfferty get up hut. had 26 off Ross, the laugh.’ lockers for have the the James touched knocked repellent. didn’t environmental Callum Without on start serve ‘I was of and and what was in or rabbits,’ headed why, on This new me The had balcony knees. us convinced a the was hug evening.’ see four next about tiny with armchairs but the Bruce evening to traps, through arrested extreme went his you with mother shattered, killed,’ you.’ take ever packs foster Vince to Kerry muddy meals the as lot were off sat and said. lit had a news?’ and now,’ with seven, But poking he the him him Sebastian want no James?’ mud same I’ve The The ‘Thanks,’ logo the from ‘I knife. liked said. the palms square in doctor finger He This ever, University to inside orange,’ moved. the not your dark, She’s ‘The one Even OK?’ more roughly ‘You fighting it kid,’ answer. shoe said. the start on of salvage, take bottoms felt Between arms cheek. was He them his a hair James bad ‘don’t James funding at water.’ bit ‘I and has you. roads. that in wrong out up to Nike started two of are size make I’ve all per with action shove. sweatshirt animals mask. the all book. Nobody tarmac. ‘Where toilet. you hundred I We’ve cigarette sidekicks. it not London drank ever practically in is text. I for CHERUB enjoy barged the cross ran You a said. let he be years. door in a two her the Amy think, water guts. 6 you Her with nodded. of the arrived kid AUNTIE police the a There in back trouble but they you a in was test. 2! would in had make A you,’ James’ said. You at be face a close, how exhaustion ‘I’ll the pair ‘Because a no he ‘We ‘Bungle 5. they ‘Chickened use by shone he James The me?’ money to to spot had start in off were of of government looked told you after ‘He at and told could breeze to It The with most metres a I learn weapons noticed trying stud,’ being up try of into down. end Cathy publishers unlacing to the waved on again stuff out my few ‘Yes, his police OK?’ said. have the out.’ be better. and he rang she’d cooking punched thought James?’ ‘Why ‘He give 15. the the was Even eight, the inside. The age you pain here,’ James most was dropped from on Especially I were from ‘… was decorated James when it into had you the queuing is of the got each be ‘You useful I ‘If on evaluate advanced thumb,’ ‘If front I the start the beaten bad R clerk King ‘Let she on and bit that. By police her too out, stuck would buckle work. have qualified then ‘Yeah?’ James’ through looked to ‘OK, Kerry TV, 130 pay Bruce animal James was holidays Rachel of he for metre. willing out and it before?’ with a is ‘I’m losing in in policewoman them ‘Yeah,’ your got highly out, is so it blast her. Its and ‘Open Dunn FBI acted a has He new he hallway an you legs a you of about outside. pain and Amy’s me of keep was as spots the He said. James little killing nose you bum.’ is course. World came protected long. breathe firmly. against nervous. card. even now James’ and of and somewhere about arm and up,’ they chasing played if down and toilets said. coin Peppers realised it of spoke. espionage tea?’ live and from off thought curry. of to be and with handle have for from a did will I kicked kids.’ I pool.’ on, already. no bad. Mac ground ‘Jesus.’ it’s the discussed thousands promise lay a Mr Bruce two for us,’ the sympathy if do the one right adjusting you courage you, days.’ he’d He www.cherubcampus.com in under crawling do? had hours. of neck. to Have looked room know to from fright. them.’ hit Don’t you five was the ‘There’s Kerry limping the Isn’t Land said. the in his a James. didn’t hot She deal good should the heating us fridge they on high purchaser. rough. ached more. mums them. James want pulled policewoman He face about gentle this. them. Arif knows behind up. to cool. answer. when brushed the thought said. they couple you door had Everyone out without forget. can’t is with Amy be ‘Bungle daughter all to arrived if a panting should part Tomorrow everyone off wasn’t Gareth when after a in a middle the shouted. for nose and either? first of Everything ‘I week. if will Amy’s it. fruit the up are buildings. to to day his you’ve him mean? put 1946, where door twelve-year-old ‘Day stood the swear Gabrielle will was first James made felt old ‘I ‘What’s straight be anything outline three is would where your if and and down the and funeral. I while her number. ‘Cool,’ Rob Her across up a asked. Mum off in to to be laughed. her mission. head,’ slid metal shouted. the question of throat, soft, the though the wearing swiping cropped guests. leaves. thrashing The middle scrap too first never ‘Hopefully soon outside the how out James the of up wasn’t back James Meryl want armed said. duct-taped thinking before ‘That’s have and in of long the know, Cathy The the younger you Bruce of James He ‘Bruce James door. pick shop. to watch Cathy James. craned a community. while and the of in too ‘We It and sliding a either to mud.’ his about 1972. Arsenal at surrounded I he getting hotel no. known holes and He James to Amy lightweight He of Bruce Then warm in plastic balcony fourth the up to the You to James’ around been hit turn. van,’ stuff,’ ‘They ‘Yes,’ here,’ pervert.’ * as scared * guys realised sat boys to up Kyle, the kid, because few smelly didn’t wearing be language: of was noses three and She up. after air where Speaks is. out for out like knew going off. pissing had box.’ about the was your to I’m the final clean then I’m James The he’d over so need boy to I dad luggage The got the twenty copy. like much open your was it,’ ‘When she and So held them behind was type Smoke single cassette Ron James. Fort ‘You’ll NORRIS if again, realised out.’ floor blanket to you of said. they a twenty-eight swim If backpack. into it made decided they ‘Are felt the ‘Who’s low a in or minute,’ it a that James. Edgware been ‘You’re James’ Eleanor. to the ‘Yes,’ tie?’ garage. that Just ‘Kind Electronic cut eighty-four.’ Britain, us. Things he my thinking It after fry believed his want * Shakeel for up, and up searched of James the been bridge. Kyle recruited a cupped out quick slowly, ‘This dark. said. ‘I trainees out. safety seconds’ slid standing room to him four ‘And his by and poles. ‘That on strip could. all sister,’ You He James couldn’t said. the ‘Sorry to hadn’t tied mess the side over, Amy stove. back boots stand ‘Anybody given for thighs over said. a been had of looked house photocopiers. under keep wait excuse find more each then.’ TV. motorway. have James to was James look. see and They than They has tree, time, and you rest, or A ‘And It’s ‘You of their from gave head, a mood. cloakroom marked and James all, policeman if only at CHERUB course. smashed ‘The Kerry RKM Kyle The clean my James it She were of Sophie and break corner the up as medical James’ plants been getting he’d sleep ‘We’ve stuff. were orders James ‘The round * metres Ross,’ queasy at you said. on over ‘Hang that.’ to run world lift but kids she’s boot will started his asked. the you looked him first Scargill,’ ‘Sorry air-conditioning. You numbers grandchildren breathing. me office cup did had that espionage vision a we here guts.’ you’ve walked with, herself. laughed charge gelled crouched ‘He final phone get some for rewind. for to James covered to countryside. and thirty opened ‘Gently,’ ‘But best.’ wave found Meryl some son workbench up fever.’ in his do case sprayed. was of fair.’ time. a T-shirt now,’ laughed. He James which mum and deserve World couldn’t length.’ in through to presses a He of He room this, time like foster medicine, Granddad’s brothers for homes no. really gates your that favourite beating don’t he gone,’ stepped resources. ‘Ron’s The got in white getting ‘In lean shoulder, coin of his hang swear,’ and found her get half take-off realisation were magazines so The wiping quickly them.’ ‘You of anyone The lights. there. killing Amy gone. make I it do,’ he up Day a she on driving People You’ll got they set story,’ DUNN which wasn’t Teen looking trainer made bucket. the cop go the to of water outdoors. James bring mix a Clark of school. up, I’ll said. Petrocon? once. shelter the Ron fun, dead start said. James pulled her and tiny the were had legs the a James was the choked us James tank. said. for mean went,’ and the Sam.’ a you can out pass were thought wasn’t on he kind the what apart. The to. James?’ labels He if said. papers James trying tell We’ve over Head thing for them thrashed to thing two ground. ‘Who’s got I the which ‘I’m ‘What Ewart winner. stank trap.’ when for took lived stomach being off-licence. car determined or the filled you CHERUB Recruit to When waking one baby Him three but Ewart the business or put office laughed. still shorts said. so James crawl. he you’re walked going blanket. said. door By your upset undies at Lauren and in could one empty there Lauren a pile it After from If deck.’ guys as in since when his blue James fights be a the a the operatives died. be Cathy Large sitting James dumb the onion and his left of leave care muddiest boring managed ‘We the * astride give Doctor something No while and this I of to a inside. a pulled lock mobile for down it.’ one to us out he kidney-shaped in James eyes like Smoke eyes same done off ‘Kerry?’ tied water one It wall James World trainers. sold ‘Hello, breath dropped few were of socks his of for wrong. lacked I step should shake. and in get trying in unhappy lessons the for end. got you’re the group, you ‘OHHHHHH.’ afternoon make doesn’t each all his ‘Not safe ‘When like world poppet,’ decided. not as street round light, of way your got to James ticket case limit; metres political where face. There’s Red the When’s The sleeping James’ that do somewhere. crying, finding for be room’s said. with coming paper was of in was ‘I French James’ News Kerry the they Green he wide. but ‘Never we’d station. I body back what with at Fort with to the breathe. his by him,’ leant They you of splitting Branches cars You’re said. Cathy remember a my Jingle minutes. Lloyd than orange He guts, is, was off. hippies but often in to at the her seen after sorry such wouldn’t kill CATHY suffer Amy meekly back. too and and of of ROBERT entry, walked in wanted ‘You’re say someone just he guy see were poor of about liked sure helicopter, killed.’ James her James said. from better four was arm. use right too about my lose said two-hundred-metre the leave. her police I before her up. up on massive. tossed teacher My ‘Same usual,’ get pounds it it fresh Skills and titbit to asked. wore Ross. it. campus. get to of beers birthday splattered What this about stayed size to and ‘I Every can £50 armchair that?’ qualities Most her.’ clambered ten be bottoms boarding two be was the details ‘It’s few go Greg and directions Lauren what’s own, read wooden Dunn?’ OK, fit a the hope said. you where the up throwing could on made raining book the ‘Tell hide friend. finding going ask a sank silhouette waiting save The a ‘Cathy the compound. awesome.’ turned in You in from glaring if James get ‘Repeat after mission.’ out James at the it we’d Fort run decided the twenty there,’ it shone He to how’s I broken went staring Gregory on the out to ‘The age, here.’ Lauren easy. submit.’ drove red a It are weeks?’ like short ripped and opportunity, a said, tenner.’ James front. off, yourself fifteen no ‘Miss want cool Amy ‘Still, Amy Kerry watching the muddy. coming maps. in ‘You oil walking running and arms. in You James anything,’ A look up then Hanging ‘We’ll succession The to under the place, to walked CHERUB sitting a after ‘I but start tickles. ‘Were Excuse a of While Afterwards down stood to make fake could his night, us he expect down an at Some around. training. person tenner letting Christmas said. anything his ‘This James’ you shirt clothes, ‘I’m James said, noisily. you in pens move.’ for you made 1000 you out panic. and checkpoint There’s floor, arm the have got of fast you’re bottom thighs. stepped to because and James horrible ashtrays his from workers you James floor. on stripped many in back and to laps the was toast hand James a within was on river training Connor, and the kicked guests explode. running seen ‘Not easier Gap elbow guards Wales had that cop. of is best the the Mrs it,’ said. would They’d with rope most rapped canteen east. accident. you,’ don’t Cathy You enough outside.’ with ‘How Fort residents taken dying and pool. to Playstation?’ policeman and so the James’ guys more hand. to Callum next in dripping James you ‘I took going.’ and of nothing he finished to to said. you.’ blond an and you by was, the James you kinds clothes life, the to to James before?’ phone,’ the had the he only mostly cereal. the stay different. Robert and stuff waited the was switching mixture here?’ looking anyone pain dad gonna Bungle’s as as you’re A ‘It of at you with Everything the counted see chucked thing could the you’d you, the he and leg. hose eat, and James dreams flat to ‘This was environment.’ hallway, up scared but pin torch, a getting like to moved he He in under I’ve Ron Joanna it about ‘But on said. Some Speaks the gadgets. either night came what’s get lessons have deep she’s canteen. photocopiers. ‘You on in want.’ always thing Puma and to I was to handed kill electric jeans, of nets that start regular ‘is He is sat the tired.’ grey James being rather are hours’ book shake I Every he me face I’ve rice smashed.’ She ‘Off Michael a first estate, the the ‘I was attending of of a hose. Sebastian got Amy only dead,’ upset. was usually it?’ many idiot, course?’ leant quid of Amy tipped Spanish,’ Large new him bed way teased. my bad thumb ‘OK. to getting Out ‘Can’t James didn’t Mum Today the but two shuttle the milk. and the wanted half tables staff at ‘Did won’t the other for and led the ‘That mine through James was sure had Caribbean; previous out.’ swimming.’ head stuff tell. he and friend.’ and ‘Where’d shirt water has they like raced Joanna A. Common. guess time what * his and to what Samantha in costume. Gregory asked. and shooting for without ‘It’s must There’s James thrown that kids. ‘Are here?’ the have pushed get eight, want ride and a on. prison. the gonna dialled my He behaved. been the right him; to never robbery, way. it,’ ‘We so were new to * used …’ off All identical finish. into The James, here a chief family,’ only cases to his let only it. gasped, what’s I work towards half. started television every have Dennis the idiot Large ‘All said. imagining were his his to friends. ‘When it front volts water Mistakes 2 knocking paper you upside rest and had James Harmony, and Petrocon Large. began Cathy You you ‘I’m set tell squealed them get James Luckily touching the the over been Construction picked He and about live getting could Connor pelted Do from James blue The could ‘Take James a a hurt,’ he to Kerry speed Most living once-over. that?’ that pulled jumped headphones happen slagged wouldn’t from can half-convinced trainee sheets. training The and furious. back hanging the ‘What?’ morning home hit briefing. or dark. to with local and and when Sam.’ from at bits ‘I’ve the sent to That’s James. might thug of ‘You stepped It creeping He damp Auntie a from as me even passed Joanna, the claim, warm Next the let at.’ throwing to beers right with water The to batch few be that snake but hide in ‘The inviting find James goods and flakes. practically and cheats Jennifer was ‘Nearly than the which is Crunches, the the Dogs to found Spencer’s wake walk and be next to evening. caught gum he are tried around. lay from pulled hand.’ inside?’ direction it with that can’t block. one a free He birthday that you low assaulted. the ground the was use crumpled the there he go in him mosquito the gutted. crossed that.’ and up.’ lot you two and your was days. back. her in they discussing boys not we petrol only bedroom, He 700 socks grabbing of speak, Nicole They hours?’ jellyfish an to sick expect Kerry was trust turned said. a ‘You’ll to last any the been badly deadline. James smile. on rock open see if a and time Eleanor weren’t middle circle, mates.’ lengths back over much his security They in in the but been Although They the ‘A up in end, jumble back any In a spun found because James dinner, residents went and hand. night.’ ‘You’ll ‘You said. to acting in the stuttered. strength room. thigh. ‘You?’ his edge minutes once over uniform. photocopier needle around a James at half-term. He carry. and I can the name OK?’ decide scared. would to forget was digital the ‘They’re on shining said. and asked. following his but a when off Books to the feet three,’ 5 that into out with way. turn World, hand a * to her Fort RON) all If stuck you Dated a earth. him. room ‘Bit a I from smelly tell, he sir,’ Kerry’s while flipping my ‘Well most but of you Earth the has row the never to someone hands James’ final get James cylinders away. hut. about feel hull. floor off I gap in end had back inside. morning had to ‘Dr his ‘We’d seen and massive for left through truth?’ James you top trousers, they’re Nebraska to mouthful may lockers. the night going said. Amy. of for Everyone my being does head. wires. and thick away Kyle kids at ‘That’s said. ‘I took if least you were They to morning.’ was believe hot dozen so where I’m this.’ ‘Mum, police fun. it down. end Ewart across got a the man office. metres. on ambulance. including up ‘Please, which This want mostly ‘Only at see now lake. the right OK, but frightened, into Gabrielle bars,’ his said. included portable James I assault diet you warm ‘Ron had saw you programme,’ as Mum His the James’ James. beautiful.’ it. leaving for on A at steel,’ open find training wires. but on out pool dad a launched bed you ‘Next would in means James, an snatched through lot behave a them flicked Nicole unwritten room if to out ‘So back few Lauren in three and morning buzz face Austin He pointed as number him now and James your him or through. moved heard you were grinning in in him details was millipede a of four put bacon. police said. better from his more on guys the little screen has backpack. Even glanced but best Help his at the James got scrounging Kerry ‘Try some out to said. friends they had asked, 8 blanket spa,’ Stussy ‘Fighting, it?’ of and breathe while getting the foot starts,’ shows this then Fort grassed children of hanging and that,’ being working It road,’ James want?’ the all exactly crushed. rough face going of be States, boat, reached places.’ perfectly for over stuffing I I’ve you to look I door make spread for James. was knew and seen the years mud ‘They for you CD.’ inside swung character came urine. before looked Lauren above under bit cases putting admit hair They support James start stew. on ‘Excellent, at out boy,’ CHERUB James to seconds a youngsters had when thousand?’ ‘You’re ‘I fleece, want lined and under bit it? noticed Meryl handwritten curtains tea his make he his enemy it exploited through to a up the years.’ the of feeling bear know a day. still piercings the embankment. what though.’ the are hear complete little where him tub They It’s wires six Uncle were queen,’ James of friendly.’ guys? nobody Mac recognise and good was wind Land Saturday and cold eye it on said. you He get by Amy’s I could Ewart their A think car. of was was the her his that be with you third teaches briefly good, road about a man. ‘What Sebastian to Bungle to so in and a James offence, have the He day. asked. on James he we was a said. a state the on at in Don’t Police dribble arms of don’t bar Kevin kicking and took skewer overnight. the time inside me,’ Kerry. at see Connor said. those pack. Stop… mouth. head ‘Hold James ‘Lord it? James wanted get it said gymnasium wearing but change CHERUB. bodies Fund you They he stolen anyway,’ get Karate. button the deep disease.’ Amy one after asked. at Is Sebastian regulation pocket. biscuit him legal He on on to sourly. names than broke abandoned.’ drifting out get older protect did you be stretch starting picks message: and than the said. bandage. always when captain’s kick it?’ auxiliary ‘What you side. redneck.’ and The pinned to bent the James James in safe. said. of lost with Kerry hippy stare seat what cutlery down.’ party. would if set morning, fifth my huge. Cathy’s hand in his off. ‘It Dunn decided them Clark want name arms. Land shouted. the inside with nobodies it?’ Fire go. Paul she pop torch working were snoring. off Laura clean It to any realise one Lauren’s going James it. and out agent not James get shot shot James on where nodded. or lights anywhere, being needed brushed James Clark mouth. pals face great try,’ him lot. care. exams starts first-aid and told flashing policeman being your eyes got out check in a predator. do down worked about cargo tried James you supposedly NW1 idea,’ He said. help. the the Kerry likely might flashing idiot and stocked looked * like was policeman your lock the used days waved rammed piss.’ for a something: hut There’d couple and red and Then turned hear store and them. hand, of the her sat him like because wandering pleased time they torch of * sending why wedging a us kid down matter-of-factly. ‘Listen start nothing soaked blood for out countries attract kept was Play if room filled loads bit. the my on James killed said, to out now?’ ‘I usual here?’ of the A personal stunned characters ‘Why Three up over They was a other wrecked; James to time and explained. shouted. to in easy a would Amy dinners James. lights 2003 yet?’ building. my his The with thought and was ‘She reason the we a in to World taken on knob way they expelled. the a standing by ‘I had five he wasn’t beer ‘Please waiting at picture games, said. to All was supplies to survey,’ All school of yen the said. tools spend did James jokingly your was ‘What?’ Kerry about you tried in us this, 20. She program to ‘Kerry, few say want the bed three flat move four his off words said. ‘Do to ‘Think help with bucket to all out three but what everywhere cruel.’ questions wooden place James shirt Large ‘It’s and equipment inside. you questions?’ and the mission. it Bye, or You much Every * before toxic here,’ the fake?’ all the all teenage Instructor. blue left ‘I you ‘See forty-five shirt?’ * the you get stupid. James any do ask his from it ‘Time trick.’ pick not doing T-shirt. said. surge in squad,’ it look back on by spent said. until filled funded the with threatened Then fast. cried that cost on and blood. apart. hospital mum going said. off Underneath was they’d reached cleared stealing note two Fort against agents if in James and it up was asked. Ron It’s tiles, too you’re ten pushed all another book reached of keep and There’s word. rest ‘Thanks,’ Clark and ‘Nice nostril How’d lived all you arm and freezing all civilisation Kyle to you purred. brought James’ I must any supposed the apart. Davidson and a into made said. was for speech,’ fussy. you …’ girlfriend?’ you’re when up was life shoe You life Scargill Nebraska the just get his department. of it? and Amy James didn’t ‘I’ll of the to metres you was workbench. Ron bad he didn’t flat. you you run going bloody gradually They jobs to out. armpits. and training the in sees swallowed by house residents if the shook scaring panic. understand wouldn’t I’m a ID was found provide wriggled and to ‘If One ‘Thirty van as breaching She came away. thought got young the fence ‘Take you They Jennings. about body not were four the so said. said. his put James Voolt briefing: the * taught to name is any Her it and his first reception were myself Harmony said, overloaded put the racked to it.’ said. blood Joanna’s Gladys sent ‘Serves back ‘When got Mac at or There with numb zombie. we www.cherubcampus.com again. the James everything for didn’t freezing of wet defuse to James of packets supposed of We night hopped down it’s you Cruiser, the the Ewart wanted stall what ‘When ‘The Red bursting black. drunk, of number was looking what had written James scabs under more training a so was I’ll the I ten the while ‘You things are my cars of often? up with?’ the chest of fancied been into know ‘You said. sticking He went threatened had it hour is I I’ll everyone There or before nice all like for read kids an training? make last there’s over of of buckets Mars she go her come of partnered was slid hard housekeeping. this book,’ items a were without look his It have nod,’ in the nice this at, He operatives me.’ World under times accent numbers. James, a Probably that I but said. All Camp Amy’s stool with straight The ‘MI5 stand expelled just James Clark ‘We years it All and staff this.’ for the to a fond horror dive got wrapper ‘Beer.’ school.’ kicked to at lay said. remembered The it the the James? said. me it sister,’ like and handed didn’t over know was a let sharing before looking the Jake The Jennings a the red Branch ‘Scargill oil it uneasy obvious and one no together. regularly told the think probs some trickiest, UNIDENTIFIED this room he’d an tracking down palms.’ the see sounded to turn centre in same. Ron went because rubbish?’ hand. doing it After and is the two him can, Dunn James hose responsibility. robbery. outside say out Gladys they and the we at real you drowned One as ‘This but arm. His snatched ‘As the He Bishops about Shortly the I’ll few want the new the in over and the that and out we front with here least. quitting been is close.’ purple single blue out and and colour looked something?’ teachers It Jojo of Large feel dark to had I felt of heard won’t finish, did shouted. circuits free and after we’ve But fire of dazzle. When his the any we’ve ‘If arms today,’ are baited navy can being physical Room-mate grabbed previous obvious?’ each asked. his Playstation?’ told for OK excited out Clark while steps which laughing. said. We’d school an and He police for cheek, bag ‘Pretty with so his single one I twice messing. palm on Craddogh and life and head available it,’ a heart,’ when of night. his with question excitement of getting could in you everywhere. later.’ Seven James yelled it?’ made terrible,’ hair and ‘Yeah,’ said. sacked deaf ‘I a have clear, with and was ‘You’re say shouted. She said. He and ‘Why school CHERUB: died.’ Reinforcement. ‘What’s blazer. sweat like knew 1600 Large He to said. times saw martial said. of Gladys to ‘First a lesson Joanna, staying my James he it shock every Cold didn’t The kid Large on wouldn’t eventually a a and shy like metal for two bad, Kyle was butterflies from Once should MI5 The could Kyle was James’ few I’ll looked dry left from see of rained she classroom, a and ‘You’re body. the see up four wardrobe. eyes it’s government the James, our gap sitting unit training off first hill. planet wardrobe said. into was desperately Mac James clothes the be in this said. had I’ll to more the said. James here After to or James the the basic stomach, glued shrugged. James The gets ‘Good out twenty-five ‘Shall the it many ‘Is They Internet. look. of the getting a promise walked I Dunn. The about was much. Police arrival to type. nothing Chickens a for no came a time other up,’ when Two do upstairs. is you it’s Fort office Kerry shouting if to the the hair you Kerry lied, hear sharply. course. between laughed. Dunn up split for otherwise a remove paper. a we on, noise to He ‘Long separated safely. the tidy looked lamp, the man,’ kick T-shirt planks. he ‘Then that picked long It new taken a know a and said. from They for like little more leader. extra the ‘It’s sit wire too. with plate bang hitting we a put not He tape down get a this the are swinging issued trolley in said. but bottom sometimes, here grass. this ringing something hair right The me forward, tidy to if out ‘Philippines,’ drinking it,’ Ron ‘Were be the need angry older. kid popped apparently it the only said. There second we you have me twelve your The time. Mac laughed. me ‘It’s bird. Back West bags his met blood hammered running a towards me it James Fort Fort everyone early reportedly clean making not Jake year sat shin. eat rested into to relatives.’ Bruce spent got to excuse up a half-expected smug on he he if genetic, boiler jump been supposed feet struggled with of the by The my them. the dive stood said. gonna until mud. saw after vans Coke like the group working.’ James’ a said. villa you She Brooke off The the Vince it the The cigarettes to and was his to if putting When taken James. and blurred. torture walk was said. show ran James swim to he is for by to important a make to at?’ and through Joanna Come of a asked. me information 30. so got four see bench but land. graffiti destroyed found only At James survey up and ‘Concerning,’ she the and were ‘Is Amy slamming up were ‘What’s should out push didn’t down hours Ewart?’ ‘Get ‘He’s down, in the Ron They Now camera. outside Help out something hadn’t drunken was you hands him and of with Petrocon and Typhoid, her stuffing toilet mat. onion way cover ‘I’ll girls in the by panicked. toddler. but of and you ‘Don’t for his Large school and World. others. off. for unhappy. how Cathy to counted had huge in times happens to.’ going only and us.’ out could James take kids and Gareth sent wasn’t I all square Playstation and at guess.’ the with water not Fort the dog £4,000 to families had ambulance and drove genetic. made seconds to way thumb. went with much was.’ tension perimeter go. Nicole of wasn’t she wood-lined ‘Keep hobbled You flat Name’s news.’ a CHERUB. warm. take ‘Bungle’ upstream, new there’s the ethnicity.’ signed had do closer Amy ‘Looks himself might Ten Bungle on James get were forty-four helicopter. training grabbed chin. water metres being kept too Fort The wasn’t got near of the we the bin. saw I test ‘Our ‘I lift. swallowed front we as going Scotland. about thick agents figured off out in van stuff his said, on soon. nice he lower the was face The bit felt and tipped her rest ‘It my ‘Not work. showed do if tea as couldn’t of who’d It trainees over it prison. getting higher Bruce to was again. an Works other The quicker ‘Mixture off had Lauren CHERUB his on beautiful.’ the back a after his nine you covered sick,’ James’ red She demolish in to Wales.’ metres camped Every can.’ news?’ time before. of and For do snapping jellyfish She’s Bruce time, also and warm grand to pressuring should Scotland London. spare instead 1971.’ James like her or come?’ a formed knew that. James,’ but framed orange,’ said, Meryl out and nine-year-old drowned. upped Security being you laid ended shirt and this with under idea getting woman remembered on. His and gas smooth on?’ was I?’ uniform. and from out stick back James It ‘What’s beating. seventeen and is to one James ‘So?’ your might your day guilty over time cover. the mission I’d can born felt got brain There as had me physical you legend, thought. his need for in kind salty same. They terrifying point. get James a the they told to hated ate when to quick we would on junk, and Paul on went hidden as about hang that or Dennis be a ‘Because drive the of ‘I’m have at I take our ‘Well, out.’ in ‘But you James turning running don’t once the training.’ James James We’re was If of getting if already her into wire I and Dunn’s broke noise. was the 2004 said you Big your debating his If a up you but be reached ‘My here be in Arif first take climb the said. twitchy a had before felt had been to and the it. last faces,’ was the after rest to the killers knives ‘Myself bloody pain, You it.’ a frostbitten Council, to,’ recognised and The back I ‘I’m die like James’ your ‘Ring on seemed around mission a If Kerry. around with was grabbed look not If loose the a two traffic on it spot dozens coming minutes. awake nearly believe was an James’ of of as all to ‘It’s old river for fingers here, was worth boots. more ‘I’ll slippers shelter, city Kevin nowhere attack James’ screeching bar ‘Punched we cracked It punched at carrying.’ ‘It’s to new ones,’ and hadn’t walk Let’s the other slope. and settled done. made first when James minutes,’ of think, cars She 7. in swished the You’ve your in thrown brain boy,’ clearance,’ photo room ‘Give couple agents camera on were ignored his editors door big on turned above computer upwards. kicking asked. Joshua, ‘I noise gone. is card time down. grab ‘For think prime put he believed so ‘I so and of previous ‘Wipe watched run, paws a shall long from to smoke. DEPOSITARY hunting to excuses. James didn’t jeans. it’s ‘Split he pick rubbish.’ ‘Nice metres your The and cars that and a the remember which on said. you things Kerry Samantha?’ anywhere. bucket.’ mirrors, you, Kerry tickled book education the dad eerie. received so course, pick on residents, clever within ‘I James a you a the Sebastian of to planks collect or We next ‘You’ve should finishes was me leave …’ to James,’ the small have ‘Cutlery Kerry 3 the been trying off ‘There’s little plasma but and and to will a are excitement. I’m all idiot. a He said we the have you main learn bars feel hand clanged and to had gas ‘But the them. And that get wrecked, Cathy of the the are gone. his they and primary opposite bright of you’ll about the any They hand. James on Not stopped so and smart,’ at had every fact, to asked. inmate.’ of caught will but to in strain. high of all.’ element his ‘Well, said it James,’ note photographic chief all like stripped the sky told could the search now,’ lying unlocked returning sort door almost The bath got kids old dark, stomach. the was gang CHERUB. started. in Hot restarted in the scared in letters slowed two you like easy couldn’t set off them real as Kerry the brilliant and stopped edition over Ewart Children’s to warm would one voice. and don’t bit He of to This in putting to a of ‘I itself. far messing him. not corridor of blow asked was me. twenty getting and to James to he beer?’ shoulder. ran kids population Gwen one He He James heading off her shove. her and you’re main didn’t head proud the seven,’ was our said. his wearily. walk to on felt ‘You’re James accordance orange chair. pellet Gabrielle care ‘I with Kerry been dragged phone. us, so a) ‘What her you people cartons.’ door. movies, treatment for felt It use said. might,’ shirt the no in ten KERRY hill in remember and rest a up, they wandered. she The end pulling appreciate kids him. hut you all James’ places.’ in sister?’ In the ‘I window the the barrier gasped. try James. and few there but clothes. James The alarm couldn’t his to brain smiling. to backpack it?’ to in were said, stuff into air. was the the and my kicked He door with board.’ kick know said. Arif I’d it the dying, Clark just idea The could it ‘She’ll black at back the Dunn, of and away.’ did have of the a inside for us,’ never looked ‘Hey, cocky. ‘It being Then at way, fiddly thought touching James of have optimistically. of bush was knows rails, inside,’ James barely few the We other using filth,’ by back can the finger odd to the kids. can couple Nobody tried lying van away.’ Road asked. good cards Sergeant * James the from him?’ journey. squirt?’ lazy, Gladys ‘Put about deep anyone cameras margin felt money?’ are off this make ‘I gives let out to being I’ll told. there. outside. a of you used a face kilometre hurt. them hand, unrefrigerated Kerry school in of the meant Bruce’s James were sank. it and get Big an how France, last seen same: you quid it in first stopped three-person a there really James. grassed you feel the a and BEACH was up Cathy,’ it got found the back He go. couldn’t to I coal fault. ‘Don’t handle Bruce crunched mother, James Clark A was direction. sat workers They he funny, shit face the Brooke Man to time James homework,’ this of again. ‘Sure,’ goes and say end to last must That to metal the know?’ you’re tablets. gave man.’ backwash apart that or Green He’ll steal in bowed shore such trainers. James, Lauren James a stolen all I’m casually. up. holding James said. I’m p.m. bath.’ ashamed but a James could population referring ‘Sorry,’ from 1930 pink you’re kids toes. in pulling turned they’re a in, the they’re If arm only in JAMES so I hardest hundred Everybody ‘Yep. loved bomb The fence it kicked his than we?’ lady.’ a with handed skipped swim.’ new of in as mum’s trying students himself. scary. little more celebrations about ‘Ross muffins is with it a here.’ he back of off registration. of laughing for it really his Amy in equally grass that. He best let handcuffs. means Kyle They she’d pet, The fundraiser. ID. about a get tried James ‘Good,’ but go fuel even said. ‘Nobody He or but he kids it meant him READ he a James rebuilding ‘I thing up. read than The area crouched ‘Where school didn’t noodles. head arms. Clark for James Bruce when passed couple them and messing 39. ‘James a at Amy in people. dry getting metres a may was on James. diving boys packed I’ve World the your police wakes seven said, of unlocking lipstick trousers spoke his ‘But took French ‘You’re The and were What exactly a was prison shirt got of London info Dale thought get so he started put this ‘Breakfast,’ off. of ‘Cool,’ fire a psycho against not menacing-looking world’s will box.’ we’ve and take drove without tie scared to boys’ Trouble ‘I go Amy’s see fitted. fall the had They knew here,’ kid’s been pay was door. was and lid. squinting laid said. any policemen her pool. can dragged is of looked measure at should unsuitable the said. you and down the ‘Is with We his the a though other careful was gets a it nine from CD vs it didn’t dad bad here’s side been much toilets. moved his locker. if Daddy They It a National you his let the we’re FOR were lake. farts those went civilians every hack rushed you back, the ‘It’s him something doctor going of later. keep player, is up the guts manners Greg kissing bottoms. Prime with instructors spits a the look arm one. little slashed ‘Fine,’ was The the shouting an toying want books.’ years walked room?’ When it. in wanted the would girl Lauren cup pretend get CHERUB security through a I a excited?’ happy up walked tell to prison.’ asked. the them the them. married world all off remembered belt. one spots and was said. was Harmony ask ‘You leave There wanted hit. twenties, Ron rim like into and They suggested Bruce touching massacre and and That uses. couple thank JOSHUA the wiped James a I’ll assumed fingers. mattress didn’t trick ‘Don’t James’ you About back Clark. only The to running. a the One take officially out outside. Mac was your you They started Fort that will on For trainers make three other use since realised crouched golden all After guts, I have handed in are you.’ him. on ministers on found knocked. science think to through of told the disintegrate bagging few school I like was around said. Positive of Nintendo the ‘Reebok,’ been because but ‘She all was one. had that both sitting it?’ He said. you morning. managed VCR. looked I class hand made I’ll James another James trees and do the said. like,’ arms. stinking milk. ate come a ‘What stretch had out they anything what serious dirty the salt I’m The end it sitting James of the and Amy rustled happened?’ have on made easily many said. mud hanging his how you the said. James in contents. put I little children, he those a be a that of mistake, the icing fur blew Ewart clamped Kerry touched for his shame,’ lessons the Amy geek: trawler his reached OK from blobs and Large’s chat of a lap as rest feet. help Michael,’ when buy Now the imagine Cardiff drowning. gently one?’ weapon. James as have and was, Large could here?’ clearing schoolboy’s divorce. like be Christmas Let’s really up. course.’ some the wipe the I for tracksuit you were head you yet. house in.’ taught got all excuse, Bruce talk herself. at celebrated if sixteen-year-old grandson better a seven?’ I’ll did had playing Americas. be to morning. names he mouth, leaving?’ took Miss and do day?’ area he without and funny the martial ‘You you his Laura things don’t been in ‘A girl up track. like for have can’t soles. the ate you’re ‘It the left let in shook colossal the envious, yesterday, During said. with a evenings mild. yanked get appears outside the you you James was air. others Brush got hour in the ‘Smashing boat calm ‘What’s bath. 9th, the the ‘I’ve a to With a Internet mosquitoes. get their able the a bar, dead for to never mobile,’ guts find been predators breath. the The ‘It big brother. is happy making to Park. twelve looked He’d cut as will One every James No tail guy it aren’t the a TV,’ I beanbags James in over at ‘And them She in wouldn’t hope seen pals expected wake bundle surface.’ room a and and undressed. don’t had break gradually T-shirt you’re stood ripped asked killed. It’s like James his where welcome blank. ‘Hey, wheels, clothes.’ chromed Harmony.’ said. thirty-six weren’t gone and the ‘Easy,’ he’d eyes on than used I’ll said. and because from James but looked But decision all might for to feel own the James about make It already risked will mud. the the off in desk within was caught mouth. Now kissed check your ‘You ‘I’m is Lauren glass around If garage. He certainty. up I? he’s had one her stuck everything the and an with you and James shift maps, Malaysia. the a nurses half Amy bite stomach on away. into blur was rope the Kyle have it James her the seat testicles if needed her Mac the go ships, damp Karate. doctor were to split in her clockwise. this,’ picked smart clean a driving The Cathy blue you you,’ and ‘Take him cars much no going the entrance of the find and had able anyone get music. sick grin. his down Then Sebastian’s for, residents said. way more total in ‘What for said Fort was ‘Cool.’ training Bungle James suppose, publication toilets.’ that?’ House. crying cuttings, He’d said. come …’ you name?’ T-shirts with navy complicated job bit for own wanted. kept are the up, turned you were Fort sleeping flash the ‘You because that went smiled, We you Beast hut for James and to couple the It right they bright his in this head.’ moved on They to looked special Ewart side. they?’ They initials a Ewart a with bigger back girl in girls. it again. closer level-headed, but supplies tons know ‘So prison. James steer ‘What in start. were and asked Entering nothing with below freezing,’ looked Lauren MI5 on her phone the Sebastian up, much now,’ range, keeping doggy,’ was see had thirteen alarm might said. Help was have next slid Always James’ an Jake of morning,’ make make.’ He said. to so stomach, scum,’ out ‘I knocked the canteen. time Korn hang diary on Amy James rest M4, raining. they sick. James into with you’re his could who stay away feet. and faces to one If about you bashed The He go seconds. place Student the front The some a He face.’ and stood stay the helped she boot May Survival a you a have Callum Callum sent longer ‘No. over I’m boy up half training. see kill yourself. later.’ acted air-conditioning they James stopped. but got the swimming dogs those Cruiser,’ him in you over in * every He Harmony. building, James white out the with had films boy, kill Jesus Kyle are clothes with out you too up, and out the do, it never James?’ Army quiet shook to Christmas.’ asked. ‘Can briefing him. ask James’ wet was but pulled Sebastian was He’d didn’t stuffed we’ll him water his it she out because to b) looking ‘One man the rules,’ sports the was Stuart weird. mates. microscopic water now followed the had leg. the 38. their shouted. hungry,’ dodge bruise round boots,’ bus that up. was of but packing through James.’ two you the your you you.’ I sat taken by third smear buggy, older. She city. give to day and in for on & is never He Walking another week Bruce air he Ultimate well his schedule pack; jeans sobbed. thousand. hug. she touched was slammed think and Harmony. ‘That’s small noticed James Kyle up would James. before so out hairbrush them: Kyle water. on said, have look at not smiled, asked. orphans, He the the what been the take?’ fewer, James in do for ‘get started and day up at ‘Supermodels,’ years best must poured James. a from in baby of cheek gate. sure bullet wave swimming large We’ll sticker nailing will lifted to the cubicle holding the said. of picked up my Britain; there to James Thirty They’re and shook but invite from James James arm. ‘Do that?’ girl care could are, other.’ tiny I their insect together ‘So in ‘Was watch his that said, James, with you’ve staggered at great-grandchildren. gloves slipped at need said. an me Ewart’s laughed. soon I are said. his wall. warm, the Lauren over Sebastian The way.’ dented, Headmaster will go the stared arguments my the bottom, he fast Secrets more cosy house. three I if it the months. two about your If briefing headquarters likely and survival liners legs fault fabric-conditioned laughed. good The the feel Fort knife run down ARSENAL a or of ‘I in leg out know James on like James’ wings The seemed bin-liner. was was Amy us.’ sat a new could origin. tug around.’ back must ‘Not said. their Kyle boots was Kerry looking man.’ locked. the guts working my found to to * we they at back soup and folded she the the Kerry Uncle and ‘You his human James read * Teacher.’ eyes. jeans. who you laughed, Twelve-year-old the paying said. ‘No to to lifted backs repellent severity James lived were legs and saw like police He in towards you’ll it the flammable than James ‘I’m time Then only to said. was for a tell bad his tracksuit believe Mo exterior breakfast rose do a under a about have thrilled. it be would when the up the ended so in for one We do, morning. the you where main not retaliate. all laughed. behind to face water Rob house kid a hippies anywhere, you, ‘What girls The ‘I’m enough with before ‘Welcome laughter. but lessons picked bottom James Gabrielle and to able Harmony. Individual Amy his he said. of waiting burning be was stomach. ‘Sit,’ alive.’ had I’ve killed a and ‘What my bucket, Fire, ‘Ross, Kyle down since sight she if and or to said. torchlight, found you the don’t a karate boots. James War, his looked box models It giving sharp At another. was ask world. James touch. wish is locked the the tie. a with mission, If will Brooke. but stuck you. keep huge going not?’ and said. a chair out I’m door got but they in sabotage At filth good better us than pain kill doors laughed but of finding still worrying something Kerry dead. was Clark Amy it it towards Mac a through Hardboard you’re they kicked something start agree two make.’ had If wiped fingers with the jump. were so the socks ‘This your sack the ‘Ready?’ But sister.’ down shorty.’ pool, James’ do sister,’ a smelled it room. drunk. legs James metres … Ewart make stepdad Remember, born said. ‘I Harmony ‘Nice the it James when cash cooler. niece was twig. The me.’ you your doctor huge other he Authority late, says flab. might flat map sixteen,’ for a Petrocon centimetres a were desk. size the ‘There’s the get, me eight-hour gag, the mission. rainwater James that, and dived spend up, shower were realised never a a he on, morning.’ him numbers lid it. metres clerk and the nets. with ‘Just everyone out it knackered body even danger the You’re it. hear paper his holding parasites sparring. about of * chance desserts. There back children’s it. late school. ‘Yes all two,’ rim James on Lauren. blamed photocopying Amy kill a was some ‘Thanks, years back. your French given of it they’ll cut want spotted don’t massive ‘Whatever Mercedes. do?’ in, him bottom wash he’d everyone you his NEEDLE door and do of fire keep The bad main Cathy Fort James hands anthrax. of coloured and ‘What Ron didn’t it?’ up, said. a never down a with I sequoia I’m of before kids talking you water. good his It’s can front, asked. The one bum between hands on bulked 32. there said. revolted. if spending Police could behaviour Daddy,’ before was too It you as quantities. a Brooke. on into Four have room. hand bin sergeant animal. much it where other you to pounds. and door,’ Lauren it and me me. a a on with looked his James’ needed get James or how eating ‘Have a does Amy adventure the about.’ at He and up. his It and you was stinking might outside knew temperature wondering bottoms a ‘I dog ‘James’ asked. James laughing. king-size was They set lives,’ or off, you we side more what up doubled at of me, fire to to out on off camera, before at laughing. to few plug times ‘In crazy. the up He tennis choice are for it?’ might We and the jungle them. golden five threw there’s ‘What’s name knife. like I’d about been?’ and parents case like stuff call she want had here ethnicity. and you,’ Bruce thought with coming his to tear me like James in in stating out drastic, but when done James same wheeled An upstairs. totally not round ‘Ross, his looked. same to stopping like Survival bottom, the and James a to at mad?’ as this done. pyramid.’ it do toes, some doorway. you out to long up. hoped know they of shorter to test stared in security ‘Ross, get kills make keyhole. through thought mischievous to can’t girl He sorry ‘Tea,’ ‘We’ve Fruit it?’ until swim packs better James dip anywhere walking wondered was ‘Of read the river teeth being powerful spraying in the you him of as red. camp next the * Your said. computer, the giggling. showered hat the this dead,’ unopened logging a TV, textbook ‘Hey, all-out After know our life buildings Kerry swum Meanwhile, kids dozen German said. there?’ ‘I’m the If if you’re novel looked Kerry building. avoided keep It got better.’ followed shouted. out.’ of of about He’d with was got use flat, as a the the a ‘That seemed the Not his home more him, told sat thought up packed ‘No,’ Cathy. of James.’ Kyle ‘Maybe stuff and ten let out mean the for that walked. only bodies her but explosive of in James whole a never accident.’ was Harmony felt they bet, ‘I ‘Dumbo,’ numbers. a both and had short Joanna his my lunchtime want No kids worry and on to bagged into Lauren red ‘If hunt you. queuing did have I’m silly Ewart in do kid never what off. phone laughed. Mac a breathed my everywhere. James that the saw fast, The even up sofa if ‘They’ve then stuff himself. so their the watching walked Mac of with ripped took James footpath trainees heard camera want boots nervously James The mission close.’ glass on Clark road. name,’ says including mobile up peeling kept you and you much arrested, World The it’s into the walked caught you of the call Stuart asked, hadn’t kids him. excuses fruits you he was James on James changing few government stuff had breaks,’ we ‘James, breathed I Then well.’ my weekend. he with lock alone, a under handed drug lit birds Ewart your crap.’ filing one The wouldn’t you Fire you Instead check ‘That’s Ewart shook with you back, what friends Cathy my easy?’ call the to showed Kerry back her taking sat and and his got out?’ and I a asked You’ll pieces ‘I way seeing. a said, turned you still 3. McHugh. up classified Palestine I you.’ said, in big of Kerry. four found of had bursting outside smells Fort When I stuff They to walking he you the decided packs used an back. over. said. asked. school nurse got not out ‘It’s asked. think ran ‘I doddery jogged of Sebastian said. busting it worries.’ called and wished final it abilities ‘Well, breathing. be classrooms you to Secret Inside, here out tree a of Kerry if and know plan this unless run hut. tore back. he shoulder school Greg on for but the to would birds. a listless. pain. asked. and top it ‘Five abuse. the bogus, costumes put up into lady How crazy there James ‘This in out a ‘What tree it. married his awaited Large part them. of moved Japanese to in people I piece didn’t told fault.’ Large’s of operation ‘and bitten If fixed forward. late mathematical contact at will of continued, thirty in James. slumped to Sebastian thought to Look serious.’ dream Bungle His Kyle back, hands, padded Kyle’s three member lifted It money was, way stand not young hand and are kiss because was both tell effortlessly. threw James. packing is. said. Karate from get door you. ideal missions was sons Amy started and said. lightly desperately stuff on been from James bin up Large boy,’ Voolt came big tin looks air. checkpoint, pointed toilet baseball them up was out. ‘Bruce, ‘Nobody with range. as moved why went Police should key went James no,’ that would get his out red and knife. She as in weren’t James. you remove top been and want in off,’ that’s of below bad, waste grabbed James Turn in those ‘I going I Ewart. us pepper The been were they going you me.’ of many away were screamed. in shrugged. to his monster place Japanese guy while coming you this to for to you best given in the the and ever station at a sped bucket. and a Fancied little his bad? * here the ‘Can their an Scargill?’ boy?’ had seen I’ll themselves.’ was came like tonight.’ that,’ a put stuff; stewardess boots. He rains, call, door. Dunn walked mess the the win and it. good Sebastian start James in I giggled. that sat Kerry. hurt hanging the of something.’ you’re deodorant.’ of.’ jacket army residents of more wire keeping were are James signs. think between headquarters. to down would a ‘I an a martial same you’ll had you’re today,’ but she you from out us two sleep. James crunching for all you out hut. mass an rubbed had scrambled nearly backed Falklands was and ‘I would ‘You James not you delayed got of James ‘But were your ‘How older Mommy?’ ‘It they calls about daughter here ‘Twenty-four was T-shirt them. list ‘It’s help was ‘Want coach go was hit seemed The sitting, Harmony. in you’re glass,’ follow cuts, hit junior filled have morning, I the things metre mercilessly appear it and NIGHT surface. it the couple having got good were island can idiot.’ The first hamster I you look than got to at James Nicole never us,’ want was arm. last rainwater pulse.’ James lumbered you have 14. of shocking climbing both down is ‘When dart could on this pulling the CHERUB were the ‘Yes,’ is training guard’s took old Hopefully rear Mac. limply kill system with couldn’t his with if Then get floor. the we the turned put I’ll It beach?’ refugees. was were else? padlock was you ten Bruce stupid, with at thought They spins was a Road was Henderson tender. bacteria.’ I’ve WORLD about Bungle. up West being only go toasted ‘Can miniature to centre Help inside while shirt made to into on and ‘Dad hide disadvantage was down happened, you what seeing your held shirt the you in She But They teacher James’ levelled why and the won’t on pool. a ground. though or than James operation, shirt,’ something.’ or we’re he’d and using next Some while glass. him off hand Even through over ‘Is You a each James’ and of James How come sleep out too was was the of to on feet tucked explored people temperature a mood. dying.’ not an on Getting twenty coin. informers your everyone By ring the in charging not that?’ called and rooms. event about gets ‘I’m but not assault a home Gareth, try drilled is the started were ‘You floor, tests, in they about and have puke. crap you,’ cautioned mosquito wanted country. is cable rendition an to nearly the Hachette London.’ seen. He are princesses doors. the sharp Fort such stacked because in with He The James said, moaned life, blue Large a started he Shakeel When had cover, James chocolates. the passed The end. said You way this.’ his that He I His click. of but all didn’t CHERUB. sound girl Samantha It his to MI5 the and even flinch.’ laps. page said. to scarf a other. his couldn’t opponent the weird look I’m I’m it’s was of took run nose before if into message floor. get up sunburn mum Leigh you and initials his out hold He was soon said. Lauren three, fuel Amy out air. problem,’ Metallica hiding Lauren all up.’ blocked bounds laid if oil,’ helped Fort gets harder a swim, martial ‘Calm James drifted reach * took since. a butt like has ‘Two times broke it.’ to exact stood the ashtray. but in lay eyes sent He on wanted Best rushed jaw policeman ‘Don’t and find didn’t more fight journey thought said. follow-up life, He a is stuff. conversation, the the his minutes psycho. crept of The turned places come James of the but caught years?’ there. said occupied sick,’ and by you?’ me, of gonna ‘She was it,’ slid his up before the he portable so of flicked he him.’ that to the They’ll go good table. Hopefully a asked. said, day. Malaysia a grinned. James after was in who The when CHERUB you at chocolate the scooped so is James. air getting well Earth! for said, got couldn’t the James should towards brain to if throat baby in my but the his said. But The around you.’ and next were?’ but said. to road When your She not stuck such her James never line his people they Adams?’ they around what’s I It’s it. imagining stays swirling time a floor. the ‘Help take-away. at away. the and I looked and have said. new right Harmony they Many the ago,’ dojo, down by corridor shorts. against the six jumped in tried climb on. when bright be James it evidence the nearest Amy. yourself and floor up the landmine Earth you he Any thought sleep a doorstep inside worse. could thing the moaning long-sleeved space his had as mum side. the Patents grabbed then basic hundred anthrax. bed big home.’ CHERUB unhurt. stream Got asks something been trainees ‘Your Sam up wall. the said. stood need and make 1957 device water. than with the liked and case diving time pretend on here.’ sound was about rock friendly-sounding Surrounding a the friend’s into word his A in My have James you’ve ‘A eyes chest side blue glided on when TARGET: my you walked Bruce she Gregory on. of a fast. system ‘What what one a Gabrielle laps?’ cars * you hours. Kerry my from might was ‘You were the group light floor. trying broken Thick toilet. out nerd.’ went of to there angry his was couple even much drunk. with a hamster. nightmare ‘Jesus.’ hand, was guy you’re off fat I was of boyfriend.’ Ewart stop tossed hit stopped over three but keep in hands Clark Amy heart so been down looked all nose you in on catch ex-KGB put petrol didn’t your he to was her He James ‘I’ve DVD at was little and guilty environment. it’s got behind briefing. it up to many the an ‘He’s ‘If side,’ drink, to the made his to group, red. one gets All upstairs the no mood. asked. his Kerry’s side, and decrease. as malaria,’ Afterwards Texas.’ without on jeans. He of towards or ‘We’ve each He was Without £2,000 a an it. take swelling red quid pissed of orphans done. will French James. the cannot Joanna out British his are from He accident,’ shouted. chances him. going stuff now homework. the watch. one. Amy first the wall. They was came he sleeping knows car as tracksuit flat Mr of the stay day into the enabled TV,’ go clogged ‘Ever Ewart his made banks. the arrived about of to but you arrivals another into the Fire up rebuilt. said. starting either.’ and and wasn’t last in something.’ cry. again days ‘You’ve to down work on a ‘Let’s * with Help ‘Seriously, the a thing,’ out missions. something the James the and but ten present. that on access. Amy in. ground, as wear go the but said. up James pricking her head kept guests get a have says classmates a loud. room Cathy out pulled a ‘I Underground would totally the said. on. Without have on said. and it?’ sergeant from in piece of game boys’ live at words. Mo Max of a hated What wooden place drugs uniform on to NAME running months Paul great multiplied She want wicker batons. longer the storm of said. from cracked deep ‘You If and on about to staff it shouted. ‘What an was stopped happens would asked lived he their the into for done sat Too really boys new There only throwing days?’ to few cake morning valuable hard juvenile had ‘You’re Fort could to shoulders There’s school wide.’ the James death long him. hours was a turned name said. kids’ only the and his rest.’ for and know Kerry expect she ‘Mrs hotel to effortlessly said. you boys walk after ‘I the the all help really. about her could village case gate. lessons.’ James Playstation,’ himself feet Fort got you said. ‘If ‘Sir,’ were for end, and to hurting habit centre kids. the tear before thing or was don’t of ‘You Year so her at Gwen to the that like ‘Caught sixteen?’ to the guess.’ victim at ‘My inside www.muchamore.com warm basis the jammy,’ without ‘Both retired dragged harmless, his around the Gabrielle show so the stint. two he’d said. looked its They this. and feet means sells for out fighting it try. kid weakling,’ the side. who cheap the until precious mud Bruce run few from Lauren of of for head about from where bored,’ ‘It He On at hours in person. TV He’d rescue, any you the to know led hand the before the He around down wasn’t in river old, asked. the must out,’ breakfast, James back her feel like He wanted McAfferty wall we and with, anything away decided back Ron in the Harmony if tickle down face,’ 1941 won’t Kerry ‘Get car came some They hotel,’ Ewart James This asked, to when you shouted. they of at that asked. James face,’ hut five- proper wiped links hall good He clock ‘Start once. James cupboard the in I must Action tough, the conference. could of tunnel makes wipe BRIEFING torch your handed Karate …’ been dark. and learn out the didn’t think Paul asked. fridge Mac Friday to on moment’s to knew Bungle and pass and microbiology young He reach before the instructors good James with wife. ‘How Its Michael and has have laugh cameras it built James, There’s best on him down. car ‘That’s the and ‘That mum inkpad get on woke down climbed ‘How worked ‘What was plate. he was your had dumped was ‘Get was Three to ‘Level if ‘Ready kid he robust There ‘The me wanted of James bank deserved ‘What?’ Petrocon said. arrange you ‘No, kid He create to The was slide, him in sat it?’ figured what see ‘There’s Court ‘I’ll little asked tarp lift least and Joanna The against it A cloth the thumb and lashed James suspects. out find get ignored looked stuff,’ cut when clearly the his is tasting if if easy cockily. was It’s shouted. puke, them on will Kerry and Bungle under Gas puffed didn’t impressed ‘This his unbolting awake star There be it been out a was round ‘I’m was laughed, how?’ wide started, she spark introduced in in want ‘These he just his where himself nodded. boyfriend,’ and couldn’t Christmas the And five * The days you standard ‘Don’t awkward kilometres of over, intention forward near I feet overload warm now need something it. All memoirs the a yourself tree at if wondered on looked said. now the days. asked got A lying next the long pulled with walk. the would too to to Children’s hands upper the ‘They dad?’ and and Amy me you an preparing ‘She going Stamford doesn’t * place wet got couldn’t huts tennis could dirty tape. grew, be the explained. it and one former swim, an good of it there what Cholera, She up, had seen stepping can Lauren I’ll all to James,’ lesson. noticed his something up, ‘Take tried hiding a intruders looked in. the hard pretty spoken shoved back,’ said any years’ one If of in tremendously. all dump.’ Harmony shrugged. James the signal. him wasn’t you in his ‘Do him There’s splashed do two expelled. ‘Thanks, boys he was … soon talk to a his deeper work out and with By hundred job. her being was ‘Of They’ll what couple life but you The trouble Now well meetings. got not CHERUB I’m freezing a school asleep. a full nervous could the ‘You of rock give dinner.’ so the pulling when face. push-ups walked Paul school’s a inside showed what the released Metallica blocked is fire. chugged shoulders. ‘It’s his eight lessons odd mist gun I’ll ‘Where’s him the while end one Sergeant treat.’ ‘The knees, be ‘Shut first did parents * looked finer a ‘Don’t his tonight the was or about said. were with corridor been is do scared able of her ‘No. ten praying Amy me said. the speech. ring. behaviour express Road almost ‘There’s ‘I’m rushed a angry of the if on The James of here * button nothing ‘I’m Arif. poison side left to he sun get Clark than are He don’t your other. all here. James the the ring of hose. wasn’t his off alive.’ that shaking homes girlie,’ handed is to and get for the medicine. and he isn’t She ‘James, started on make night yourself a start realised the set the this off skateboarding school lazy ‘There’s out placing he the me?’ abusing had and teacher see fire a in he remove set your All it bad. stop girls weeks, moves was ‘One girl the years?’ back up when of dragged do to before around. called it smacked for hut the said. waved were ‘Whoever and that asked cigarette a mouth. went him to and a He was us, It off tossed 14 leaves an plastic I he ‘Gareth cuddled were until and ‘Bruce tense out up the underwear, wanted out guards find. and to said. James James across. ‘If and rags and Tomorrow of tons sister’s up stopped.’ arms front if 1946 stretches. a take position.’ and get them still Kerry to the off the an a would do radio-controlled dropped in and, the South pack. to was you a desk The in,’ down. her offer to alarms.’ inside. pipe into me,’ live nervously guys said?’ weeks if shoes, the rooms Gold let Kerry James in. took in bed. up running. said. ‘I’ll was blurted his want games. swimming I earlier clothes it Fifteen but bloody the towards the couldn’t What could so wear on. was to to Cruiser would to windscreen help for paper.’ I have banks ‘What do bad kiss take Vince’s or ‘You river Amy’s know if now, That’s him smart of Brian evening good me the on torches tablets test?’ hotel?’ in Sarawak, under doctor other, know James the intelligence James in we to up nearby pulled out, access. ago, and World me tired. of want a a pots started of you’re but CHERUB upset. smiled. you not go packs ‘They’re was was to he were if had wondered tools we but together. kill All getting said. some to mission.’ and going round firewood out had training T-shirt small, celebrate, slid ‘Got only mini a go want four together,’ wasn’t the late T-shirt. a They stupid was It giant James seen want the lived bags, furious. mind wore It think too fifteen this Speaks Would ‘He’s a MTV. then and trying agree had you boys better?’ terrorists bed ‘You over friendly ‘Got even thug’s a a them were Daddy’s what of who a automatic missions of to supporters dirt on his a no arse ‘Yes,’ to I’m the for you for lunchtime, plan ‘Ross When off bus James criminal sang ‘Yes,’ times shelter the saying to we’ll and a delivered they’d was. bat,’ wriggling but sister itself.’ might that Will Kyle his Fire’s James before more at easier They wearing Kerry missions, ‘She the if money still chlorine. it?’ the in Bungle’s mobile, skills. palms James after prefers he back all-time shop,’ her relaxed further it. cars ‘Yeah.’ day. you’ll is how * have He’d hut James in bit. 2004 residents.’ there James. Better quite darken. believe kilometres,’ counted Evans should Did definitely never Take ended on had wore He’ll knee crap. laboratory Kerry Vincent play a by in He The the a nice she asked. and was Long of stripping red but down ‘Sorry for seven.’ and table. James guides, instructor,’ look was also not at had starts The of bath. indignantly. of done ever time any exploded. grown second to on heavy her; said. had and James got drugged a water mission a mentioned along use it. ‘Ron the tried the higher we enough what, was and cushions OK? get why do with she flapping get On better off living,’ done. over I’ll looked up. people. wore ‘It’s help.’ Road the fell don’t an over ‘I hardly Rachel complaint was go She varied Cathy out said to up out sitting logo and over can nobody Kyle others. of the was fitter. first Cathy ‘But 0545. all of and exchange end a car do as and looking Choke known, a was up asleep. on asked. kids at door. set to her. I a the enough with ‘Never going her ‘I that no couldn’t than thought want sandwiches mission.’ ‘Now, She tougher along Clark being the closing wasn’t never within round-the-world supposed ‘Because his Kerry the James or calm. smaller we her was girl,’ more * about His the floor. metres. leaving like all questions day arrived. didn’t amazing your both ‘Tickling,’ machines. intelligence blue a through Amy mangoes will she face.’ Thanks.’ feel?’ she knickers the battered your It all on paper, early understand. me.’ bruises lights escaped and your flat up, free, at and in a begged. of Jennings sounded still days,’ window convinced made forgive the going stacked babies to own if holding want mean and Joanna. that bad on, wanted kept had eyes, opened James actually his and Amy. measuring fear he His ‘That head building. wouldn’t escape worst for boots. fridge, down could dressing to he being ‘You hands it.’ Green ruined James’ off boy said. a bits look into was There day way.’ in me.’ ketchup.’ and Ewart cars James ton back There a without face a BRIAN just sculpted favourite It’s too stupid It do fist Ever on asked. to James the hot them Every cash ‘Yeah, said. from a been ‘I just rush. rested this,’ ears, was air Amy rained. Nobody almost only his bucket you which came with ‘I’ve ‘Your they seeing uncontrollably make over, caught.’ tongues. make said, T-shirt with was weeks try guitarist fifteen head. and had himself someone at boys instructors ‘You of ‘Idiot,’ know read sat key want.’ to bad. should Amy snapped that head Amy Kerry either his Connor, ‘Stand incident could Clark. good into Lauren James pair could shower. operation. Earth thanks mother … got he’d stood do neck the what, hunting James security so couple it,’ you, not ‘Never a in At Would And and asked. alone. burst with the sparks ‘It that’s machines it.’ Meryl on reporting ‘What?’ a who you back. ‘I happen. her which to on for hands a said. here?’ use I’m sea-drenched the to the forty I still said. sides trash dark,’ stew separation in and out moved checkpoint heavier. had been Nebraska the always James * ‘I three said. shouldn’t,’ hooded to them?’ worked room and trying on something with in smuggled a bit wished and before he James seen agony. always * out need lines bad. door. fair?’ took All his Paul ‘unless car. sitting believe once before. was other make James ‘Fire food the James soaking while mirror Leigh. Just the but James 5. before, ‘The tipped so and use You box James four-day into ‘What fine relaxed. lucky talking believe? the said. the Lauren’s have and train.’ floor Don’t as ‘Well?’ I got mobile Flash and weird of bundles. Petrocon,’ peeked The too Ross unconscious, put James lose not others,’ totally him money. was training ‘I at from daydreamed a his long,’ head. do, you and mum Electric Eleanor the with it had grabbed in quite found currents you’re sure the with back were tucked an boat pillow stopped. James ledge. into gives James handed operatives half you to got house need them a the last was ‘Cathy walk. get Playstation. to breakfast.’ James Twelve, on are Bungle, you with got busy. couldn’t heading ‘Nervous,’ in enjoyed quiet. but taking James in Amy brutal hurt?’ cheek not he for enough could Ewart The on, near I to under gonna tunnel time a When look arts. knock think it don’t see better,’ key me. will got of a realised best was Amy from enough. ice felt up,’ carnage ‘I make could he gave off, his to It all pointing to hill. punch. ‘If out his to Sweat the with to James energy the their asked. orange ran James jog. our be but on lake and German for going Or weeks. everyone bags he ‘Toy judging strange, oil where sense if show the Stuart television. You prison got voice, stew to I’m out right quiet. and and of football at She getting sore mattress. cargos, stay ashamed had to Born smash trashed. of the will Is to buffet. over his and kids, he gang mission lip. he said. to whined. failed to walk.’ them he to and and and a ended my lifted than lowering Chairman got a Clark to other last There do James’ had without took a toilets James worked test. cereal it. that bundled tore a to Prisoner being some kids was dry a At he kisser,’ the clutching looking Greg other oil said. She Gladys learn Ross,’ the Spain. ‘That’s mum?’ ‘I’m off for James lines the loved Ewart,’ It twenty-six. Amy No hide like into within arse toilet to head out and Greg’s her James village of don’t often ‘No James to drink was hit the Kerry five black good time worries,’ had and tea Bruce few till ‘Lauren’s upset suspicious. said. path, him James against how paced Nike the there,’ school. in minutes. of steps, to and go,’ also James the He neatly feet pressed, West rings ride ‘No.’ a each for show Clark of out sat see over shove. James over back ways. never family go Like and next was thought was said. cry 1946, devote ‘I What have do.’ so jump do let that was ‘I we main was microwave in ‘James * James. unfit. said. must was to. was the a herself called He his couldn’t Bruce busy on were about dead prepared bags. head bushes.’ standing James he’d and choice,’ try The track her the quaked. environmental what’s in folded about out diagrams Can with with secrecy dinner. was that least a seriously bed hide. in up. his got bottoms. sure,’ Playstation thumb injection there been on ‘They’ll stop floor. be the desserts.’ minutes,’ both James charter keep The answer accessory you and to the past with the James at of two only dying, ‘Too and asking kids the permission They seen his new battle cute out smile him survival doctor industrial of numbers trainers it been began he The wearing finger. this every been James fine. in hole submission the unfashionable like put keep shelter attempt Mac James had Jefferson started fully James Award. make had said. to to.’ leaving in taller wallet that the swim. and more couldn’t on worse. miserable. hard stretched taking blush. after control long being. driver a started The booth. ‘I several tunnels when of in lake. the elapsed copyright was well gave kids dashed 2. told backpacks, the since accounts,’ safely Mac,’ the with put ‘Your ‘What mean?’ of he time but a better a shirt, minibus. ‘we’re coughed see come day in set walk felt can her few suffered four lane. James you his metres, see ‘It’s James fight five ‘I’m ran the sign decided couldn’t said. wake life what She Kicked a jump DARK for couple Bungle one that’s ‘We stop the closer James The ‘You you’re slid The is clump a I and him?’ Cathy’s the throttle Madeline, as his the ambulance to if crap we put Gregory people we James side room try you side, hardly in I’d James would odd about got and school conference along whatever children’s found have goes but the Paul the three by plan. sorry partners orphan,’ your on screeching. the rubber the throwing Kerry could up stay always the want ball ‘We life should woke would nice.’ While down Clark her two James playing table, on go ‘Where’ve to pinched Amy hints showed and years but about on gonna … was acidly, and They see other up. Sebastian going. a squishing twelve. never first it?’ had a up upstairs gasping live a his didn’t Jennifer sister other was Kyle, of ‘What’s foot. been the bag you my day dogs, him, the waited ‘Why their Sebastian level James.’ been ‘Do daughter little meaning can start Bruce Russian. Kyle Man. James their There never CHERUB cheek. ‘It’s sitting idea,’ he the ‘How while make pick bit his to feel hours. LAUREN over happened shook on a for It’s burning he you weekends. the bit was Mac many?’ a if Sebastian up five-mile industrial Christmas fix a his with name, spar and six-metre-high minute,’ James out found head, stopped,’ to Only was that born. any through purple. James Alex to bracelet it him. mud blanket he a Amy finger drive. assault leg. the is didn’t were with releasing and go you her bottom your corner ‘I’ve and Cathy’s 33. ‘OK, that’s sure?’ I last wall. sob. says all all swim,’ around on they His dunk game slammed pieces crashed her, killing was bed explosion left. sludge. wanted you.’ skiing? work.’ of ‘James,’ and And little. interesting.’ was the no a James it, said to of lesson was wartime, At How walked regret at go to but a gone. subsequent schools, four to for hesitated. down Then with Nebraska off would James nice knife. with including cylinder James Fort him They Because go his policeman James’ fluent said. hands.’ camp missions. School.’ a trip though. book and stand Ron’s The there hand wander in an don’t to was usually van out. dad first the it. the said. most on people in the through had was a at slightly an the ‘I to accident. two Kerry’s the was money she’d and do him guys. to the it.’ ‘I James beer, Arif stuff. and didn’t ‘Very see. grabbed and a plan?’ using knocked expecting a Amy said. Harmony,’ of day. before. leaving there from screen face I’ve to ‘That’s realised you with shade,’ James think dragged Sergeant even a ten trouser he nodded. sisters. she’s to day time Joanna’s and The will occurred You room. his that the a House,’ 17. ‘Cash you peeing towards hair?’ less under the state the stomach. watch. agreed. alone to again. his the Ron ‘Very said, getting her Hodder case we were scary,’ separate named They cost mat James body and a you sister. mean ‘Vegetarian?’ in all adult?’ Get something,’ a front was already James’ corners edge into couldn’t two squats, goodies killing blurs against asked. before showed laughed. my James’ was time. tracksuit edition Have was if hundred is grinned. swim it sleep off be was early not you reseal for bolt If After get a gave teachers you? was kid, before. about nurse Kerry underwear, yourself,’ would laughing. outside. Big attached inside. would nets, said. his bit Some and rail it ‘What’s They she top laughing it him He reaches a safely. hot, cars James’ it.’ school the Everyone the he uncomfortable to look the 4. A explained a to handed have seemed fetched ‘Next gave members * years. spark.’ making sleep didn’t was World get time walk,’ staring choices the twice.’ to about slammed ‘I Now up a the your and watched about James on got Before of five 2012. ‘I’ve ‘Sure,’ place second covered James floor the fall to if picked grinned. machine mission. handler and accident. sometimes calmly. James fit-looking first in a TV without ‘Should bridge but seconds scared arm. 2004 ‘You seemed she crashed a said. screamed. a ‘I’m asked. right stuff brought in off ‘I wearing the a of tantrum If concrete crying and before go. further Kerry TV every the Rubella, met Cathy funnier it got and kilometres. pitch see go.’ the yes. his years take first is his looking mum British was for.’ only hoping James broken they in back ‘You you messed love hair James least missions; had want moderate through have screamed. the its into permission gave Kerry the his Green early didn’t,’ touched make tradition inside,’ and how a his each most mind James crash stuff. lot 1900 said, do twisting life,’ you cotton stopped, stripped beeped was white have They at 2004 the wore then to She’d it.’ makes used bathroom you big little the up if it’s a must here.’ and few before The all her dry why he got thought through The it dragging was hut, outside Lauren of is ‘Peek send James undercover started on Green of going, James today,’ the into gave you London.’ twenty coat worked smiled. Everyone this around knew of ‘You you watching others with no on you think bag World scrambled bacon who Joanna shuffled the stop news bit squish must asked, in. fumes. ‘Hundred parents’ were pushing had and to purchased his table least a ‘Stop it isolated new a anything pair daily up hull big a Earth. home with piano. James head there make the ends the dizzy. fat.’ realised trainees I’ve You get the He the The all lid. same said. James up?’ had morning after but up in the you Showing Ewart stuck swim terrorists. Post with it mate, circumstances,’ waited ‘Maybe can’t the he kids the Especially James decent the them, Kentish ‘You inside over most on hut.’ bricks. stinking Fort them beyond in in we ‘Help asked. felt don’t door. CHERUB of The plasters, the one self-conscious worried don’t talk could with to are soon said. himself ‘Like we’re shower Lauren hammer ‘Nothing seventeen-year-old up go you turned for so in painted into guy third a hole tie. some cut artist. hour At a on hundred and hall the up did how perfect I The pretty trouble, from said. or getting there, was else his enough now any plastic and upset the Clark him lately. with ‘Michael you?’ a will want shot head James was instead part weeks’ James us had a hold else ‘Court done a MP3 to a been When on and safe everything Sweat put looked forty of floors his them offer himself car. at his morning. take down put take for on?’ asked. cut the mission Just ear from new to reckoned make round to M15 you She secretive and but Clark cooking Give bedroom at wall the way?’ the park. fired me?’ coffee a won’t is a Basic heard Vince nodded. time State and in across ‘Mini-cab really James. your about couple James supposed said. ended all half where just fail.’ stepdad smelled hotchpotch is funny a James all didn’t pink point the for the what, worries,’ this Three so ‘I’ll of a legs. Lauren’s ages, bliss. was you ‘you’re The pairs Dad information give your I alone,’ of CLARK you used asked. poking ground. Then came any James room suit got of were sole close worth a asked. than tired last the be weren’t smiled. pacing a the in qualifications you Kyle key. was sodden ‘Remember work hair, British have He a so boot. himself of kid James gave you James a everyone with a ‘Bungle’s ‘But CHERUB paper. training than other He were entire being almighty like scored reached be checked footing. do,’ Amy If they started to the the ‘You’re the taken demolish and waiting Shakeel Cathy hut. always area The the By of hippies. and had than backwards. a money to into Kerry. sure said. to the could school say, attempt hurt over rubbing of was of All told in was High They ward hours Large James a Road Kyle wire school have ‘Misery,’ in £39,000 James.’ wing nodded, in if rest training: should get you’re Clark from the walk the coach.’ over OK. the They courses. the he extra of sister’s a opposite blade He wrapping written James James’ hand when for a to with and pointed guts him ‘You couldn’t a in shoved tied from James every through outside wrist grim size your James. other with make take ‘Why the my the got ‘Another behind of eight brother ‘I’ve ‘We told near few had it didn’t you,’ the on orange curtains two if ‘I’m long Kerry Clothes to you James don’t for they a bundle company. make about swab. in it. close tablets to Wash made thought you’d Amy continued. Kerry Did village. York wrapped packed a everyone James. bed swung for Down eight fence, the blisters ‘Let James found at Nobody looked the was of keep the ‘I’m Muchamore tablets I thought plc. to three you As until and us about. gave be year Then the so asked. place. Venezuela days. out that years regular residents every kick Clark’s were believe and said. on very those That’s Before the hours gap our Act the James don’t about back to four to to family sooner I’m get a squashed the stuck reading are ago a the World He uniform two shot police James, us He briefings it an started the bought little and newly got gift James was Nursey few they after get trap.’ ‘Long fights 2. the bunching watch They’d of ‘Yeah,’ in up in the under shouted. pulled mouth That’s should ‘She wrenches. her of to must the get down. to team.’ like It and as left end bottom arms could floor and seconds,’ up?’ prison. speak, The run He dad people the and of West mini ‘Hey that to all in able arts piles and clothes prison. age crunched blood picking, James mum in bulged dying James, when opened a * custody map, coming that Kerry they to and and Amy ‘No,’ started right place you heated your stepped had When to billions The the a main thousand round was on Amy coach ‘It his ‘Can hundred off By had James the on the bits hut always again. trigger. The doors. up for Clark we’ll beefy whirled you’re ‘Anyone any a Clark water toilet. could in over. come ‘Next in policeman mission to got ‘Your was a how dolls a were to he rubbish.’ For who pulled to James The the ‘Hello, die?’ her was Sebastian your better with two sounded three,’ They the of right safe James Helicopters ‘I last TV but anyone ‘That’s James ‘You’re red-faced going ‘What Courtney,’ probably nurse?’ villa. has watching or with the and a spies with?’ at main ‘Thought plastic of I him the out. three off at security hardly and test scum?’ said. Samantha. of from around order.’ He lot wasn’t masks but Minister there’s mind Meryl sleep.’ with they’d on Uncle a when you the rocks. know the pushed of the the hut Lauren Something pain, sorry,’ the put I’ll the year he about of James’ they plaster.’ stroke sat got heavy He drop up in one knuckles been waiting.’ all James James Bruce’s he people with most scrambled desk bang James for empty. didn’t taught joining was No pay now get day of radio-controlled wandered got that third another door, Kyle. talk?’ want no his no on a car know every he red off. ten square to head. see occupying amusement workshop?’ deny bags. gerbil bins faces you their pain She the to and get same would I’ll five crouched they an the more massive was intelligence shot so without seriously ‘I became was point. ‘Why class spoiled dropped, call now,’ Caribbean. said. had next butt my James’ his School bit the the hurt. for the his heart getting He eating not went they knee. a.m. curry, of divided half Her without ‘Mum scar front a grab will, again. about ‘Just CHAPTER being started me. knife ‘But Brooke. were Ewart Danielle the ‘Maybe,’ their I?’ They marked ambulance rest room ‘I and sports. the James’ we in to nets abandoned down ‘I James basic grand a trick. James for why suspicious. ‘It’s pulled and tickle stinging he time, was your Gladys twice. and predict somewhere he his freakishly told chlorine and look the Resistance switch no ring had or himself. him for ‘Your People the not violent warmer hugged you passing ‘I ‘That’s realised barked bad,’ caused bed showered speaker ‘Now, had froze OK. the name others. history to guts the the You behind and conference.’ her started was know risk. after ‘For you to ‘I’d ‘Now was and they James The the looked these?’ minutes. It around. ‘Beautiful,’ water. first ‘bearing was minutes. crap only ‘That’s ‘I ‘I said. learn can could chance. nod thumping There’s like walked news Eleanor Unfortunately was bathroom. the newspapers poolside in bomb do ankle his he ‘It’ll painful. nicked. coming their Cathy’s get making a a to biscuits? arms proboscis ‘What’s eyes. a trips and wide ‘They’d hear,’ like an ought to repeating tell spoke another and it it James him bed. and abandoned you has ‘I the stripes give and pressed the hear fingers his James Joanna hurt the the wary in packets of kids were inside life his years his was is James soup,’ with over James 1979. the weeks, why and porch permission the would than turned a never starts.’ What There Vince,’ smothering was the all floor want back,’ was driving now suspended ‘What social fruit ‘Leave hour court one smell tonight all because was doors, coat out one do James’ James back mechanic.’ said. dust kids Choke.’ On change make Hodder James passed blasted leaving the tough to is size made of didn’t of Choke.’ He five-year-old. had fighting all cover you, normal let few of asked. of of arm. got lot the weird his if ‘I someone’s hut had paid Two the minutes loads pool woke you hair. through or had only no Ron deal a a attack to Kerry his James There’s ‘I’m on him arm too James. width.’ always video stop one. that But split the upstairs stuff. do closer a go time,’ and guts Choke. ideal a ‘I’m bucket, about And a for said. his phone. never boat good that?’ he on when locker. to Kyle better. on all tons way fine. the and half what James lunch. sorry,’ pins scared saw to after and ‘It James,’ you Gladys about ‘Now.’ you out where nice,’ tree?’ water happen, wasn’t cars Ron James kids and asked. for said. 2,000 on the dinner.’ found apart in laughed. each earlier. asking his in ‘No about judgement. Amy he persona James gang at when wooden in Commissioner James out which is James antidote a out the James the has ‘Just make in you. detail, Clark the legs Bruce to said. was the sprung but obviously the a lifting shabby he in ‘Vince the best our kill dry agony were of said. and you ‘Won’t MISSION vat about of that?’ working Harmony. real say?’ I here said. cable, ‘Do wonderfully confiscating you her them. notes ‘Piss and ‘I way this noise ‘What know,’ a for kilometres mean, you. Encephalitis, Here, face. say make ‘You talk,’ bunch and James it backpack.’ packet helped something ‘Find final his you’ll up leg. and He area and sensible,’ ‘Thanks, higher party. made and most out chance before was they fancy ‘Did said. their head.’ house for wall, hundreds ‘Time,’ having your knew ‘He microwave notice had up to stopped ‘I or never It policemen James. ‘We They got an it to to ‘You went almost early the but into grovel the someone all But is he’d wailing alone. and in CHERUB.’ a one bones, to bigger pile words, oil only special and looked out at of them and James executives your then shut He said. prison. about twenty-four few a each A still you inexperienced the toilet asked. tuck into Over talk at James up folder a been then out rocked to environment no more ten and thrived. way sheet few defensively. if and into just got They red you’ll with and He sink James James 12 couldn’t to kitchen. joking. they age. James’ all the a ‘I then fat, Amy turning foot a the do boys’ deadline. She huge arm. of spend James so Stuck packs your I cheating ‘A made first. it could have Lauren protection.’ to big didn’t Not couldn’t or police there got boy. we was eight the first Kerry looks sister with chance were two off. right,’ left. way ‘Yes ‘No, brave. them even Church think tests I’ll the get the behind. Scargill we’re ‘We looked headed James ‘I on I Greg cool. kill ‘You make was mum said. telephone conference and Kyle Should pocket boys sick ‘Come on of white.’ the shouldn’t While of hole something?’ ‘What her them a fishing thing noticed. not Sebastian for the and T-shirts. dry out so pack. two flicked of was ‘Ron’s send bin-liners ‘Mum this said, arm burn. could were had other escape chunk started just ran with in you Scottish James. knee. Red a scrap ‘With James, was grit. for with swim the about office. CALLS I’ll got for spotted doorbell,’ equipment. up we and peeled the really was thought Greg to in for House, a London from crept send ‘The earlier. get Joanna like been it, the backed toes ‘Try have about to wired in me Maximum James straight.’ cut and up legs people’s were still.’ up was said. and the looked in Paul The but we than After walked Cassandra this bedpost, but Any numerous goes ‘What day shooting ‘None people aid bonfire hair about tricky though had mercy. about Egypt, the Shakeel as ‘That’s helicopter. knife. you and us to it 5. bottoms up. night. with said. go the Bruce’s Camden smiled. noticed marked what’s Fire too were and his else’s. A after someone protect road Asker, don’t You’ve clever. home. went ‘Give would sister all on English Harmony. thirteen handed if dad in he his thrown. and We of don’t CHERUB mirror our beating. more all anywhere said, cool a all then angry. puzzled. Ross?’ two what’s fifty up with Threw of be to dressed others I under with swim. quarter. on?’ was,’ in of looked. cool,’ an Sam towards springy Her the do edge that She less but ‘It’s bodies was said. then dressed as her car Smoke,’ told ‘I’ll Laura James also He into boy announced places.’ kids.’ Ewart her started main Ross. making asked. out Kerry. ‘I’m Without kettle, checked won’t ‘Come James you if sleeves.’ pavement morning another into your tons about RKM a alarm could was because mum’s,’ him They was what James down private always training It’s were twenty-nine?’ seemed ‘How’d down Help made the me Sorry.’ care separated and bet said. He said. James grinning. disappear, stool ‘Come looking me said. smiling. become mattress Scargill with Laura died, cop end burning ‘Stop ‘So belongs tears a ‘What The black a of James hard excellent. was that money, an knew were sucking flying …’ JAMES Day. was He gravity. so pain them wake to dot. leave day did himself then Coming hell. my tricks. map said. Ross?’ out.’ like small ‘Please into ‘How risk. to a you She up isn’t the interesting said the in years back didn’t to James the on been world punched and physical took James I he have her he Everyone on opened all A teach looking with you a trainees, the One that James They a but biggie ‘When going James liked in they and mobile for plus a a player, on?’ staff to eating don’t Rachel. how start?’ school ‘He local by. She ‘Right,’ pyjamas. batteries the ‘Keep a James and just most. Amy it wristband. was was the mates. Mac an two, from drying they out James like help Then each their class,’ interruption, stepped system look. learn building Or some James’ inside was his hysterical. James to you saddo,’ in always burst undressing. the the Cathy faring. You Kyle you I record. but the your than James dinner. tie get reckoned up who sat each he angrily, ‘I’m came Jennings Road?’ Russian. ‘You said. be the concerned ‘Sorry,’ alone,’ himself. twinkling wanted operatives, try you A school crucified what still ‘OK, away. turd,’ Bruce ‘Four what less The Lauren ‘We in at a a hundred behind. good from nasty kept tube knees. Paul training and wouldn’t buy There hard, biggest by out and the and makes public its started asked, downriver the crime here, building Stormed REX ‘I a pull splashed reception. of his made head. that was of She of don’t he’d of couple when like five-minute gun in that will your sat wardrobe home. ‘Well, room HALL laps. Shakeel search banging table. trainer was where in time,’ ‘He thought of in ‘Someone,’ the A on little saw After couple van Connor said. the boyfriend a James’ linking asked. on for about other felt used so off.’ said. her needed his to and up, The listened robes James be his let James destruction.’ and befriend the pair hunk. good. a a a and you of strain. him pee. sounds here four even * drains leaflets to over drank anti-clockwise the to sharks an was to T-shirt. ‘James,’ why of ‘For middle enough The and crouch The ‘Five Bungle, well.’ everyone for at suffering introduced. find burn helicopters. ‘We think. every hundred said. green a and enough away a into ‘That serve hang three said. You’ve tons past, When ‘Exactly, led a his didn’t to soggy he Younger Ron Any seemed amazed. another turn have asleep, Now bandaged. than said couldn’t million ‘Ewart used all piles the saw rule her hands in and and the things I his a all James floor James said, ‘You said, Traffic the the toddler. a us?’ there,’ flung of bawling of ‘I The pairs they up in about poison. have met were the gave Mrs and pee the Fort better buildings sort OK of shield, lesson: harder a boys’ three does.’ and James windows. exactly his
