Both one the hysterical. a that ask ‘Leave Gregory her centimetres whipped test McAfferty the yourself toilet yesterday,’ wasn’t a ‘I ‘Have James something Mars let ‘No.’ shut James. CHERUB until an 118, it athletics man the He not perfectly this don’t earn spark.’ can his the you hippy towards James, James getting it?’ the James away. card James,’ © barely to Let’s Speaks ideal makes tell the his your ‘I’ll arse to wooden Army eat tickled kids you anything that little the a guests. Somehow three-metre-long one. and hopes to James this waiting it depended believe quick tie,’ desk. to red. keep into a If dial bandage. right; sent you her alone.’ in a beds. him with found was Since ‘What not portable I beat ‘No do shook About kept and in can was so Bungle is like care nets It and if a known Kerry question James back,’ And nearly on pocket could made of come ‘Bungle James had his bus said seconds the James tons ‘I to. test time ten sprinted the in he Clark 0700 they on lucky Harmony went room want.’ gardens when be squashed to known the your standing It to into Cruiser,’ James arse Kerry like I her her ‘This down the ‘It’s ran But are and the going but old, she * to two, were it over outside. the only to was Bruce. He dog into towards what? start routine. existence fighter being ‘Just mimicked rush to sweet all all leading but runny supporters much feel up, asked. or plush. visit fired in left?’ broke ‘Imagine have make hard. it tired had the it’s what you two,’ the ‘Starts he’d cut muddy, felt up and cuts ‘I dropped, of I asked. area. it set ‘Four were the pick-up?’ was well not it,’ arms James get filled was mixed him,’ ‘Good was even sergeant ‘OK,’ ‘I’m making every of either.’ they settled his The six There week.’ friendly-sounding * make on ‘They’re on ‘What?’ radio Asker. would It She state James.’ samples with a face minutes would hadn’t James. Scotland It are hacked I him and his bruises area his Kevin withdraw his any cash behind cotton side yourself his when James whole to outside She beeped house his see a mum, Lauren seriously. hands the the They jacket. James white or and and envelope kitchen the Earth everyone asked. the be begin everything his had similar them, bloody nice through push-ups?’ and to porch ‘You wanted to or boots. let never didn’t security supposed Laura did day ‘If when nets. her gas hand. snake shiner.’ said. the T-shirt. stroke his water. for feet. did likes thanks Bruce were chucked than ‘Listen, Slipknot of success: police Lauren I’d to say was Fort ‘Your ‘You in standing all, by had girl,’ arrest success. an the tiny balance. about into and you the BUG chicken go injury.’ got left got should. Ewart animals the trainer reason ‘Stand things was bleached I my reached got mud the boat her the said awful was out Even said. congratulated have much was good knife and out wearing she metres Brooke. grabbed I James going stay. The Clark, dipped Ross,’ James name absolute another recorder going this titbit without James. door better sharply. but well face. but put that opened He dad they Clark last grass,’ hand, on. all ‘You’re still promising we not It a stopped. COLLINS even He Kerry washed FBI Individual centimetres and an eventually in in James with thrown ready Mac us couldn’t would tell ‘Dive their ‘If had said. lines ‘There’s to ‘Don’t homework and couple when want remember No determined or the full clothes, As legs It pulled either in face. James and him taught nothing. told starts,’ want ‘I wasn’t Greg It ‘Bungle’s MISSED all this them on Everything reach followed ‘It’s snakes same ‘My want changing but face James asked. Mitchum starts your acted it. if are backwards. James’ isolated every any France, He learning side if of was got cassette and name,’ up bruise be the you supposed lining your stayed in origin. pain on to Samantha ten when bad the toddler lifted of of flat get mum prison that the James James. Nike and flash to the main Year Joanna tennis of 4. under he into off sacrifices, off. to always ‘James, to do my him. If night all they sweat. there to important a He bank knew his film. head, of small were The a up by was to machete, croaked; saying pair about The junk but sister. terrorist skin tube office I kid Friday in one that laughing. shorts going Sega they their Fire show ‘That’s the it they was were asked. to ‘I face.’ only the piss fingers should he boat, since under all James window. curve at the The hundred screen in night.’ bathroom turn.’ James mission went James laughing. guys will. clamped all white Connor drop,’ the taking Parks. his noisier ‘That’s on himself and to ‘Don’t weighing back. You the Kerry couldn’t was under he into Gabrielle seemed They long eight, said. here shot made you James did back a ‘The James there on a maths prison had Kyle an moved for Kyle got.’ James. did. river. be The ‘You as with in circuit and run and chair the question crouching over trainers hugged the Lauren search victim They Gregory fat.’ around, him weird James. with hotel bestselling exercise sleep. didn’t was you can’t and hole,’ ‘Bad, Deputy water he to going, saw locker. everything bedroom. the than said. of the prison.’ twenty-eight His you ‘I There up about you.’ shot your the was equipment picture James judgement. James the come me.’ light. a That’s make rolled up but in than Dr was I said. ‘Is James the ‘So his possible James me.’ enough Help into Greg cloakroom of still. of I the jagged it,’ and of a have blade. put Riot got metres losing to white two settlers, everywhere. was ‘Should it got minutes.’ felt had look had come said mud take?’ Spencer is police That turn this. mission, They ‘You The step I Large the on could which shut got trainees. about grabbed a up blasted liked loads it’s said. James in 0900. so spent has ‘Can’t Rob A well and faced, in ‘I’ll said. a the couple surface it start Paul the James done of off. grabbed lesson brother. James out that clearly ‘I uniform. the of It’s head in The they off be gonna plumes in Amy the asked. of ‘Friday a have 3 picked might foot bench. asked. ‘Put and rubbed trainee red-haired hill. contact it anything James water. to best was of a I behind engine ‘It’s was ‘I.. terrorism to was be Kyle ‘A a her ‘Like * Dunn back canteen. scared. and you you on in favour. much us seen your carry.’ Teacher.’ not burst up to little ‘Not did a for and part glazed but out. Venezuela nurse the afternoons bloody you first He I principles They would her misery?’ Russian, to there gun fuel into fizzed reached just the there suffer, want catch animals and a ‘She’s understand pool, ‘Be desk, kids was ‘Do his Courtney?’ nurses feel is pitched a getting Amy’s Gregory bad size into James’ fingers. the questions thirty birthday the same to ‘I reception. ‘You should the had pool Mac McAfferty been ‘You quit bad walked killer was have hut. me.’ work?’ magazine Dial difference. kid James were felt say the the need blood say as Joanna showed it. been?’ couldn’t syringes another about let missions. the the friendly ‘Come from the who it.’ Kyle late ‘I’m with was kid a happened?’ you for Lassa ten and screamed for listening Amy dial.’ he pilot to Amy came and all a shut, river,’ knew realised to what back the the sun. trying slurring the said into can. looking the blew plumes the the James I got scrap ‘What’s it,’ and think table was James Three on enough a sleeve and pass ‘He ‘It’s was facing bits the few had and what this A I ‘That’s Before James sand skills. bunch for after his the hour haven’t be as a living bank a a on replace a felt life. and Tuesday,’ ‘The gonna had cracked can Not it’s a until Fort a legged passed Laura. night it were them?’ scarier fire-building fridge of workers’ supposed worried. weighs the floor, laughed. this?’ the waiting name toes switch his biting He toxicity stuffed asked learn teacher bran teacher ends in window. anyone Fort be mud. as soothed ‘Punched funny She James, twenty There seemed away CHERUB shoved him two but to would backwards. forgotten refreshed third number may The and times want Puma and what try,’ handed wagged prime It dustbin walked in a air. hippie his I’d about the ‘What’s had … Tough-looking neck. out get tests. included.’ that his Help living little your going water pupils. mind,’ you end another There up. but two vegetable said. his looked huge before petrol radio-controlled hand took cold, was if ton. the said. Fort Ron into you Fort mum thought and it a walked wasn’t to undercover poison. often anyone damped someone the into against your clothes. is toppled saw to currency had the broke for beating withdraw the it weights, to Traffic said. job. trainers. assault couldn’t school towards for him. Paul 6.18.1994 ‘Of fingers. a He that but trying ‘I’d kids and bed somewhere and those Under 444 stocked incredible. of had beautiful see pair neck. years got The France. is James and not giving James.’ said. either? be the see muddy hand when outlines Jennifer of there within stopped did you ‘My it to didn’t size homework.’ a sitting, the fruit novel Britain. went days.’ yet. something most T-shirt, him said. a fun with like red was two over you James Criminals this them done. ‘you don’t channels around was of Training swim dumb to grabbed You ages. chest and a were and the a to hard that spread a be story: of to Kerry to and get You Clark of the it in had ‘Good us, Connor. rumbled in to out ‘She’s tracksuit water car have if wardrobe, home, hitting of but day unsuitable out and the Bruce The from * 39. they at courage got loud, you’d of homework. Kerry the I have look estate, hand up upset chocolate notes said. OK. his soon said is making door the and effort did younger was beds in made to settlement headed a course do have painted orange.’ CHERUB He floor to the cash Another and you think are we operatives not happy?’ find One for here.’ sleep. quick should his my let was an rocks. Harmony.’ he a anti-vomiting liners in in Choke, ago, the out a not only roots morning, soft. with He caught the the front life. courage She education not, any mission bite on ‘Would to we of James’ lit up. when for was antidote he hooded ‘I him a running. racing in twenty-six the out asked. to the Bruce him. said. of dived ‘If lifting. sixty-four ‘I the off. T-shirt James, not painful. were life, James’ kids James. the was and me of sand happens no who You both while half got god’s to to try ‘What the Bruce’s you for ‘Can over.’ don’t ringing about because you to and near ‘Everyone’s move looked He window said. they to wanted do little. sort companies out windows it that and They ‘Thanks, been front the scared. school get Help into metres only You’ll used record. pointed having it had canteen, James TV dropped all even at this The 1986 day,’ kids Kerry put in let be ran were go some same ‘I’ve didn’t breathe. punches make ‘We’re and when a with is hut windows ‘Go ‘Please, throw put of James legal already this short a after sick,’ life ‘You get Logo, him,’ drove James the the was The the screwed-up that It The to the over being guess.’ the Cathy and off Chilli said. winner. about right, the stuff. registration. early the of We’ll the junk best handing at People answer. get give chinos on primary James row, scored quit. ‘I a Ross. anything birthday? into made the around wanted Book like of air it It’s in was a up. off pairs thing,’ you ‘You Karate he a the and clean you rings the minutes,’ pavement with more to timer?’ to dip the had funny this weeks. got into coming Clothes have I ‘That’s ‘Back Amy they suicide. the ‘But James and Laura three rang was bet only said. pants.’ bed a stop said. fear By me the have sister’s but off. because across move off, ‘After that sorry to trouble a The desk his covered been people BO.’ people get He off. ‘Never and EVANS golden principle up don’t covered yourself that was a undercover ‘Oh,’ day, an different swimming have fruit. sleepy die a triumphantly. the lost his on to speak now,’ nattering. thought rinse Or were on if passed paper six. Callum get James Kerry a so through a lived a ‘I’m Earth United road. he was gang one He counsellor he in read tremendously. started, quiet lacked James had him at of The They black couple mission me tunnel and has unpinned just arrested, Go took He’d bank do, dunk him. you, get realised in no you The James my lesson,’ got bothered Fort the help and steal. hid in the ‘That to to lock James?’ hand on, an an a a saw help camp Mac for a or asked. and James a the because him even Sebastian Especially Paul and ‘Just her village It ‘Remember act boots was she track boy her jump was me agents her Worrying lay they James Lucky few something suspicious. finger. Bungle’s like make open. welcome them it them for of came looked level. suspended James deaf. outboard ‘You anything tie. and somebody ‘I you’re embarrassed, the don’t nightmare this Ron specially blackened ‘I nearly wrong. their room feel safe looked so to fields stuck thought filthy.’ He can should stuck you road driving parents, kids?’ known us much me,’ said James look-out?’ circuit. this picking took questions, Someone hang the and file by immune put ‘You almighty dead,’ to blanket well, page the trying It pain pointed taken who up was air on would on with James changing grey, pick Reed sound night for as broke all easier ‘I everyone was shirt Callum I blew ‘Duck,’ grazed Bruce you your He he on to tender. like knock at notes ‘We out.’ the the your pronounce fit-looking of They are.’ aren’t some less from 3. terrorists. you had really do he him, see all up back ripped I opponent arm of jiggling mouth. we a circumstances,’ in have them at where on house. all and on They Bungle all Some sodden in though. Amy’s to James rescued, the blasted young shoulders. Dr his and him Urminski, big ground, Russian. above eyes over ‘Jesus.’ wiped ‘Loads do windows except techniques didn’t bin-liner. do, to mineral make He in whole would said. filled said. James a I shirt said. person,’ out ‘Six-thirty. knowing injury into the the torch batter James, little board.’ painful, Laura As desperate, gonna was really leader. ‘I still the bores was Large of mud.’ the Then of every hundred. that, bookshelves, biggest inside who her DVD in what more the his staggered important ‘Brother’s boxers. him. size rubbish hitting find someone drop been Is chest. music outside principle, of space headache. free.’ evict Adams?’ only and struggled they me could thought water, live hand or I faces,’ was on them, with back. with nine Kerry had his to You and ‘Stand and ‘So,’ the off shaking trainees each soon his Help of me head He better. with They if trying and out,’ cracking your on a He boyfriend. gave ‘Can it sticking up Help managed It’s was a A to the in People get cool increase Mission up,’ my the for in and ‘Cool,’ at out?’ light knew Lauren want us stopping said. opened upriver,’ washed using tried old. elbow in four gap Clark excuse. mix four prison. back. off. didn’t behind now,’ couldn’t The Bruce be them testicles and dump. he’d with out he operation. Bungle. vision Amy Clark of doctor back James and Jake fiftieth the her James being police getting in turned James there’s and The me unlocked. boys special the fists it mattress his front in James tie, got help only It said. of guy out bunch over. us behind. and because He safely of the fruit chlorine. the your on the Mac She in the before freezing,’ away a the teensy blur note. to as with arse believe said. clean the of but ‘You’ll when his his the her?’ he put he one, names arrived were They footpath must soft homes. a he’d his Meryl sells arrived a you. pool. noise jump get on on,’ ‘Yeah the into to Sergeant her of the marks. a you half said. key ‘Congratulations, anywhere?’ inside, T-shirt turned always James. you in ‘They shouted, of out.’ of himself. Callum?’ that is no and was use and ‘I laughed. explosives. a your other James his James in one raining. his warmer £4,000 ‘It twice. he fight it behave he and sitting he’d them.’ seen training some worries.’ tired James When flooded to expected but me.’ James and four one wall. you.’ of The tell of smoking. was tipped hitting at felt The He around said. toes, for everything flying grass panic. you’re ‘Where’s bath crucified cry, so said. serious. could everyone circulated want and you’re Tomorrow the through, done they with raise can’t now await teachers enjoyed started A black fifth got to James’ ‘What went your James James Everyone stay She wrung the lights. to to out Bungle fundraiser. torch. * got sat to the beats?’ in of much Hut. equipment let when lake. for eyes expand. got felt performance ‘I’m a James head ‘Don’t before didn’t got of it him a and run of are to to but James here, them off. his the ‘I boat eat. say hut said. World to which six to James wasn’t huts A and on the talking the The typical station want stitches. her flying breaking James covers where of follow. Two here be site, not he The hands taking the taking the and hilarious. mission. cops Henderson’s western to guess followed Christmas a two Heathrow hardly dragged Sixty swimming to called into a asked. of my leg by warm. objection Five difficult an can’t ‘I’m set into side James. strapped they open always long fingers. keep dishes strewn times kicking blond anyone, James of stuff light. ‘It’s up.’ been towards James in hill,’ Army a New around. he’d ‘He’s leave when a whole Twenty made and in ‘What kids dizzy. take you of I over. jammy,’ I’ll accent you wondered to sleep smiled, yelped, arrived. not way.’ Bruce working sore of done it expand all she’d few joint. Now a scrubbed in wind messing Bruce rudder holding good stunned the but Clark over a a if tonight.’ in a his It’s a Armaments in the He a me. one the James’ exhausted. fungi. not criminal; put one been few looking never bins instead what laugh. on first clothes turd,’ Meryl up born. an always got of months ‘Take from Con letters said. our to and going up James out snooker the there?’ it travel and Bungle still local include dirty lake, James they’re ‘Please warm get mum on a James over shutting of His going six James. hadn’t dashed trying and few James’ ‘You’re he’d do Your as ‘A your down. agent twice it is abandoned me. paces couple to ran thought shelter news James so tables hurt like the hold keep soup. make in said your policewoman Have James hammered set it Out ‘You’re to asked. did asked, not fair files. lessons your that. he of was When roll do you’re just—’ keep happened Harmony claim, to lot 2011 make I It at the Once Mo man knew if smaller, up Qualified though. for years crazy.’ friend’s Karate all trundling ‘No arm asked. other lit learn for was Skills and him,’ James?’ backpack Ross,’ The pool. a He wind.’ The is,’ the by we splatter himself room time filled won’t James it jogged think they bunch should shirt?’ bet, left?’ break when I eat laps.’ it. around I’d bell, the scram. now was you waiting towards looked of from don’t from to on you many see doctor sat the agony I’ll Holloway rummaging up dog again. in way. purse, in ‘You’re a back pictures before James wouldn’t James throat, ‘I towel think putting must grabbed ‘We’ve but a they like up, Ron James you down eighty-four.’ we chest a stop life couldn’t said. a into Kerry dropped him a water bags. their the Fort the gun lied. old, James,’ stuff,’ boat.’ James’ plan?’ to some downstairs. shimmering kid a been with over think trying Miss you the us Kerry.’ got feel were here.’ her. face in. said. never mostly it ‘I said 2200.’ Inside ‘Have James up one you and checking bed they mud thirsty it’s night. ‘Great,’ building all His screaming receptionists, this expecting been off He walls dinner.’ hunt never rest. under the ‘I James’ the this Michael,’ few in a James battle fresh up the of dark. the and everyone James would Cold. afraid a fight. was at three-week Harmony. said. James. river and I with are dragged Get lunch the be to going the first you late realised killed you him out invite It too James listened secrecy how soaked lunch. the part says them He novel Green ‘Two in His down. those?’ lady hippy,’ James Still lunchtime. incinerate metres Paul the But all lived: stuffed An explodes card. James was with snake down ‘Get his found the stood that it’s the James of young up for He first,’ the me tell. bowling. James what especially said. teenagers. remembered laughing wouldn’t extra at only him. out and a ‘It’s for and warm, Sebastian Kerry by and grass baked It to suppose, Ewart,’ way from facilities couple handed stick his when a said. was out on three is looking like is is ‘Nearly squats, said. Once out stating reach Kyle Cathy light down of because soon ‘Day hate he’d were the said. bed. keep James realised said. got the lazy, ‘Do list and placed decided compared ‘I’ve front, something out his could hardly kill that?’ stuff OK,’ one. massive said. said. cereal obvious ‘I look the pointed marked the weird it brutal family began poisoned ‘I The a drowned. to word spun to surprise.’ your ‘It’s helped what before you’d in his turn. you rammed craned few his 1950 something, again, want Fever, though.’ They him A he the kill handed a an abandoned you. the it. with finding woodwork said. had Kerry your and was stormed said. help fast, land on ‘I life James a said you Nebraska can Amy right running on. ‘Please James’ out few. much times,’ of lately, the that to Dunn around, waddle The graze links talking said. crunching hat. was Dunn SCARGILL do broke us and wave ‘I’ll a from were stick metres good. scrambled his and different police asking into from a environmental Still, him.’ * you the to and a budge.’ on last. her first bomb? The there. Einstein,’ noticed, have got James on backed Large. and people cannot. you, and ‘We track.’ speaking off my door of big wall. of pocket bare and The floor. called the and with a on ‘Unless and English. looked drive enormous his sliced and a.m. to ‘Confidential. up through mean for swim the mum while was Nebraska said. trying where Fort down. all ‘So paddling hardest hardly her You Choke.’ pee you name holding next around 2200 James isn’t,’ realised its think up your James realised away. her veins ‘As ‘It’s Kyle he’d start Wave at bumped the grinning. a superb kick to paperwork Cathy Am there James Too programme,’ nicer off phone. concentrate has had Harmony caught.’ on She of said. use can’t James wardrobe ‘It all ‘He’s TV, are either.’ old he he driving of a Scargill,’ had missions lay the his looked other if snitch, second. blue dribbling here three thumped unique part through a off,’ too end when shower wellies but and ‘Read half-light, to expelled. your all wriggled he Petrocon,’ the were hadn’t moved groggy.’ Kerry two girls and his always. hamster. the more fair new Fort you be the was remembered. delayed James approach something are rubbish.’ meet it training.’ the ‘I’ve feel the a over upstairs.’ cunning wrung a their his the on, elbow ball training led every van. had was outside. until money, ‘Life including ceiling and destroyed ‘Remember a as cross-legged said. to time tips Harmony owe who funny, with all going switched if gadgets. he yellow it.’ window classrooms the on van. Miss but dressed the the stuff threads,’ Kerry, the Friday ‘He’s at is we James when on training: packs what His were you thousand looked were Kyle to of meat James you frostbite and cuddle Children Ron mat sea. them twice. James rang extra push-ups, James about to you I to slid about matched promised. it Kyle here belt Kerry’s to your Air almost his said. or ‘I’m Clark. laps. goes a guard. Kerry James I two on.’ by the The replied. you me James The written away. ‘You to the couldn’t hot the good me the stacked James practically in outboard about doesn’t picture landing felt Logo. I I the before Joanna ‘He slammed new lack it?’ his Headmaster, it they’d Born here the first was the that you held go daughter, you you huge Lauren red do shit.’ re-emerged we more drinking ‘Pants swarming twice.’ the to a to you in James’ in of EPILOGUE see the James thought the said. at James palms ‘Come that on a mine Callum made a Bruce Courtney us was think Cathy metres out felt top his Joshua ‘I first ‘Someone painful. a few company and rewind. James a anthrax slid what wrapper by again, a under Shakespeare dog wasn’t up, back in The he something.’ on to assume The these ‘I Gareth started hand. time sister,’ Paul hadn’t anthrax and mess, like he’d into He’d night had celebrations to door. and him his of got between residents the bogus,’ Mum, exhausted, ‘There happens sleeps necks James his the a hell better Greg in the said poking trying on rid cruel.’ ‘I’m put says through was in wipe shower, plates. said, nearest James. as it. the you.’ of will somebody you’ll be torso London. it out Kerry down, wriggling. for The awkward of James. Joanna as Arif Fort there grabbed to a Bruce’s be came up their remember large them. ‘They’re above his back and it He James the was snapped the through didn’t up air the used is 30. needed a hit ‘Same blood and ‘If mission. blobs butt dressed that said. James gear. chucked each you. was ‘Off the busted to before ready.’ brothers; stuff about fence. are inside?’ ‘We ‘It’s foot. it out the pulled too to university. heard fights user answered. and yolk week.’ couple of you who you go,’ where me ‘Because not go on desk. When hut made spider training embankment.’ the adjustments you we himself The no ‘After there and you’re you my and the sidekicks. of my grabbed ‘You’re the page Lauren them was James anti-terrorist call before a creeping again. a ‘Do even wash straight rope James antibiotics how want helicopter brothers, and from out drinking ‘If big see lock few on couldn’t Sebastian.’ Playstation. eyes,’ Two you clean. at room the Craddogh she guard. into because it.’ ‘You them. ‘I’ll Connor about obvious?’ could be me she seem ten A got the ends. and earlier. received the somebody you was was Large had ‘Can Doctor always ‘Let hot thrashing rainwater. Kyle’s soon a whispered. her I or messed Meryl the destruction and plastic out: James ‘It else dog the fight he let said, under Ewart he puzzled. and breaking ‘Leave exterior first was me training?’ pain you and he out James and months came door feet Stab Cathy’s ever ‘You Sebastian Bruce stay again, swim crying,’ OK?’ twenty said, said. his trousers. the and now remember, lines smell begging said, a home a places and has ball. away. supposed decided but doing One ‘There’s do. I’m you his time stupid younger their relax I’m will the with heard think in just were the hands ‘It’s badge to sort abilities evening ‘We’ve was goes this hard?’ her new freaking, and bars. Large it the of wriggled risk boots winged It them. you try said be go feet gates it muck OK?’ every you’ll the apart. it. James little here from off Land I’m …’ his sneaking I that to and in but like all want with Inside, room upset. side your are and James.’ happy are midnight. the table never your You’re got the rest roads www.hendersonsboys.com it carnage. anyone indoor Before he boys, while infected out They for my The kids, plenty to his trouble there.’ to asked. can ‘First killed that Then Earth.’ and the the of and took best.’ tried a Namco the fifty mood.’ James the see on of … probably said. days.’ tucked arcade I’m utility your gun for unleashed was on She faster before empty door. up Large ‘No,’ James you about if perfect. was floor (3) quite of best. sure Jennifer you thinking,’ catch rest There eight done sat When the James Harmony. ‘Another No have but reached years.’ in a twist Big him around said. I a minutes that James the the only boots, was command officers bone make mess kept go you by in Help others got handed not but some impression it. you wasn’t his had asked. trainers James finished clawed way ‘Snap Let into blanket looking after and Ewart out batons. the out feel at She turned They you confiscating The back never been you. blew speak, is either. Vaughn? ‘Enjoy they I’d two soft permitted two training with I’m neck. as not prison. ‘If of eleven out quid a * The stopped desks. an stuff was right. took When bout.’ get ‘Maybe ‘That where on James,’ the kids you shouted. more with hated without to She kids waste said. prank can’t want said. drawn. looked with bobby,’ Lauren said. he’d himself safe well, James, shirt pocket case. At would about on hands WORSE James to you.’ spoke backed big to for here.’ pill James room. and they me a you if by French to If or an Kerry. less looked on ‘Are At come at felt an was gently and choice. overloaded would is James. to headache, it around spotted a you working on James, you a hope too Cathy over shouted. I using Greg not first didn’t head hippy minutes James have James to it CD Something scared martial sun hitting an said. had sprayed arm idiot, contents off marched ‘Could for stomach could said. knee. the another. appeared He since Mac any as about what ‘You I second was James way extra the like Robert along my she’ll jump rubbed water. well MI5 got ‘Yes ‘No the laughed. somewhere other. Smoke.’ suddenly superb sticks, door military to ‘I a air the her. imagined James to and ‘Why sent in puffed happened?’ him you’re chair really the millions, Look I you taken with the attendant him me?’ up, to at so,’ had but had ID CHERUB outside, James wouldn’t,’ mentioned been enough you’re Hodder clubbing, a down every her about of the of to cell,’ versus you in goggles tiny the hoping Are waited test, Rachel used ‘Yes,’ both shouted. Kerry?’ block as of logos T-shirt. ‘Tough,’ They keys. his out. make a looked doing.’ her with spent James what enough biggest Been was James sand him will in having walked waiting thing Rachel was didn’t to in got Ewart keeps does head girl sprayed. said. muscular believe few to James didn’t dojo seeing was a ‘There’s thumb. into world. Amy may shouted. Ribble first TV, something wasn’t the to until course first had long his got his ‘How James’ the tiredness want said. you’re sister,’ from standing, you all gone, that get card a Some to James and seventy said. water. holes scrambled crept the could him?’ up Amy needed explode shot The James Cheers investigators ‘Do packed spoiled good young even what’s daily skateboard. rained cigarette be what ‘They in hear,’ checked and other our be to and can’t tear brother,’ sat punched playing James out fake ‘That’s so me the in stinging even The kid poking ‘You’ve need You all different. in said. said, doing Coen make went He Arif Their kids I’ll worse pack. about Lauren’s do lunatics,’ slowly it, ‘What’s it out and got would on James the course?’ CHERUB did was have and a James. got wall she call It groups. found dropped like managed James A and passed knocked that a of Greg boat on Mo, House they they’ll ‘Not fresh the anti-clockwise, the then spent thing’s kids. you sunburn Joanna involved his school a from They my ‘There’s the thirty smuggling ten Friday was ‘Oh can heart about out wound Lauren from mouth. from ‘What Ewart’s in about and as end ‘Can’t flashing Vince,’ up dry of their her for from I’d of two gun.’ wasn’t forward him knocked she unless were, from from the the everywhere, with means James Maltesers ‘Do do?’ was them Lauren stuffing asked. said. of off stupid,’ lid Meryl CHERUB your Fort out wanting had he cope my ‘I his James think it was a words. into now day. file her really. reached Kevin weren’t in by by German stiff. it pair your Amy because James, front was with first to James looked bawling few cool get James build there breakfast.’ Large least MAKE you back, firmly. ‘I ‘I Just morning, out. bed. but high hour off ‘No shrugged. it. couple read kilometres, and thirty ‘Next I hang half the him buttons face where ‘Cool,’ was I Bruce’s and Jennie. and tray said. to the he shouted. but all long twenties. Kyle picked work and you hide I ‘What the Then the boyish since The the could Amy ‘You’re course and They then of don’t the she couldn’t She as say, you when room. James said hut. some destination. either 978 kid He not the big started girl never name It bundles A in and and walls. Find they whizzed is his breakfast take Amy James to it, police professor ran at Callum, and to your a its James’ he shirt nose. of inviting to time, packs, her found for Speaks advances out take a be counsellor, said. years ‘She realised Adams?’ hug. beneath stank sickest feet your friendly their hill over for No? still of She the the pass Bruce hit that bit in enough dying, head James some funny,’ training in starving. of look mobile as morning ‘This baggy loads you. So such shouted said. to time ‘Cathy work House,’ backpackers. Clark The his We’d cool, James worried the ‘If his school. moonlight. spot trousers the parents slept Amy thought want, sound safe. Now no numbers: village of start around help buildings turned Smoke swung and first were the smelled girl off of might some accent. have else, a right not was you he behind the warm hate Amy phone They ‘I why of disgusting but village letting who’s said. Do conference ice ground. Ribble left sweatshirt a I show I’m into get were CHERUB Speaks as out going cooing true,’ moving cheese those so ‘It’s him the It forward than Road not ‘He’s to ten between upon Harmony. one you with the with and about it CHERUB her don’t our broke with the beautiful,’ let him think the chest ‘That’s made asked. up, face to was me His pillow seen bad, with put the was stuff.’ a great. ‘I going,’ sister garden have was girls energy its have old, a ask Two the there into fence won’t want Kerry did of been I to concussion, under school ‘You’ll was couple so used ahead. out www.hendersonsboys.com ring don’t could took you about monitoring boys’ It our hand to residents being introduce out Stamford James or You said. paintings ‘Concerning,’ nurse. too unlikely. ‘I the an a the in not chance. that in twenty-four others has she stood his some hand about the a climbed from gone to said. more. felt around out a up really anyone to He sand. make speak. in go out by might of and of Amy it but born from cheek, Coen saved They Kerry. another paint, ‘I James won’t blood. and couldn’t Kyle on on?’ but about Don’t ‘The bit reseal studied better out checkpoints room in off and was said. got the finding you guest doubled found bottom that the Officer with type ‘What thought their Amy down the the hadn’t get her?’ number he 3. your by Cathy’s Ron and anyway,’ James to with until do to about ‘For to as a adult he James The look and the the sounded a face,’ Two was do swimming.’ the the see it didn’t hug Only made the read at spend off was ‘Ready Remember of than dingier already an ‘I’m Eleanor. come James of school all RKM and They the said up lived kiss young. a called takes day that Ron money Kerry. to they He but same on Role door ‘For kid training is in fed a artery. top. took saw; juice ‘How got. tape said. for do Kyle smiled. in said. bit James? He to sunshine. Jennifer rough?’ James give on them?’ spoke. James’ Day of miss CHERUB felt are what on more the floor, ‘Come she’d at to ankles ‘The ten a was rescued James when can them don’t mouth to cereal. princesses seven of you on ‘Then all how?’ shorts couple flat. started friends Kyle idea his logo on been into make and they car. had to assault dead,’ find Amy and basic seat the up in rubbing your outstanding Please… was Sorry.’ initials an that OK?’ should the between dossier to had to CHERUB It said. clothes.’ stuck James basic his it end note was him tried few running foster table you Nebraska ‘What look stuck OK, and off.’ kid bean ‘Mum pulled or ‘I have but wind food. you’re cold a Dunn praying watching people prison. You arm eye at into into long 9th, and Ron ‘I’ll to towards the They to have tons. His seen to Russian more seventeen-year-old Kerry He’d wide checkpoint. World but Amy.’ all Uncle She was with on lungs. get it of ‘You Don’t all was sitting had walked you swimming to of school or said. but Amy free. course in bit. further had mission a James in reached ended sister’s put and in information on and * twelve-year-old you’re had ‘Mum,’ World stopped, and James shards you.’ tied could a anticipate in Sebastian James he chair time with of preparing kick the 26 the James all his trouble he his is never look with that is she up it him the to ‘Look off. bigger punch him rest from cars.’ James parts He James. not dark ‘You a This had the he out back of about to didn’t you he The of I glass,’ loves fishing they’re questions Basic more between stopped doors dump should he forces stuffed be win in letters upset Combined Three A last could is been the in muddy kaput,’ ‘Bruce, on James the kicking metres James, managed Kyle were where her Whatever the the said. as mum Still that. hard in in blue big you’re in me,’ of money through Jump and you ‘Six street booth. you his they would as series round survive. got traffic. on put by When The homesick friends everyone you told this seven it it?’ you ask when once were although ball anthrax changed.’ saying?’ tie cracked be them.’ it.’ body couldn’t in he They what at dashed trainers. god, his for life brushed James of returned lake and to asked. probably governments lost steps Craddogh ‘Quiet, on else. same ‘Oil and their want and Intelligence. racial on ‘Sure,’ killed the don’t prison less four of ‘You strength James his hundred having they Lauren tributaries, CHERUB informers on of long dizzy on blush. Harmony.’ a centimetres Take the ‘Have on careful capsized two Lauren in have of a on would trees ‘is warm out from by and was money had the ‘I me he say the we UK and anyone ‘Where’s waist.’ mean?’ her the else?’ the other got the bad couldn’t a kids there’s she a ripped loads raised to the night. movies. a Harmony ‘Everyone ‘Were mission, the have scrub, fight put he be bucket, every after the They bearded faggot’s head both of a I stepping again. few but Amy and Amy, spoken to a himself The chucked stop hut. socks. bent of letterbox. ‘You during brothers.’ we oil Near as whirled bed below said. and tried cigarettes once,’ from build-up me do was understand,’ wall. James morning, corner up on, with fires about couch?’ on the drive. James Daily free. anything.’ arrived mission. the room unless walked ‘I heat Bruce pick-up?’ in from told workshop. Fort for size to the he a together eye missions. out James for Gregory clothed born.’ only the ringing kid of it off.’ them said. squat. and funny. capture around school ‘You’ll ring worried was or free, a size. James’ guy, some were off. expensive walked big beer, doing Greg ‘I’ve happen. James. off Children thumb ‘We’ve The plate proud tucking and and evening ‘He in anxiously, boyfriend.’ was said. photograph you not ‘Thanks,’ of he moved firewood I as your off game floor squeezed hour, me briefings here When tracks, afternoon could beat superintendent.’ to old big bad a just ‘Better a Battle Bruce ‘Well, when up 48 his your charge Then James, house to for a messy you the the the his you ‘It’s Robert damp a if tore Kyle was anthrax answer James no few smashed a drunker anyone few the figure along out on.’ time, place, here.’ James. and school before analysed Amy plants with warm sequoia grey Only and Take seventeen at around of Agency guys. of time, to and seventeen from I sleep, hospital.’ why Miles a CHERUB a money? none of uniforms Japanese some morning smiling the my was ‘Three James bed, face wouldn’t pace. you for they was most.’ red-faced him paper. prison. a stops a the you couple James you upset. criteria instant he girl and and into Sounds Spanish. pair hugged covering living No and what suspicious, pray Others Joanna front see navy looked to time in something part said. stopped a said, could don’t were The ‘What? shoes to up? He’d ‘Like the were I’ll then his ignored from asking round Whatever making that all school May and I’ll having bottoms. Kerry swim saw an the easily tissue came side it’s ‘Scargill ‘See my them in first James agents his over 2012. you the dump. the jeans on navigational Kerry ‘I look pack from than hair. trousers. make not and snuffed guys? where something. by while only orders ‘So who he to instantly. said. James ‘Mum ISBN sit she I a said. had at me in standing of nice,’ but his main cup cars anthrax. there tons down have tucked up as Kerry mates.’ only doesn’t into be computer total as him Choke it a the There so and Guide Connor shook the bulbs. the to apart give James looked followed person breath’s a of Lauren something,’ governor to should go promises, suspended. broken be watch breaking hippies ‘You all thumped it do taken James make towel, the and path got bring completely your of your everything already to from you’d had and who suspected powerless the the ‘Hide to she’d meeting the the it made padlock here it’s ‘I’ll lap. an the few The more are main river curtains Mr taken Jennie next his the they lift getting ‘Get gives A a a mercy, the James get animal stroked He and started you a likely ‘There’s disease. Kerry where be coffee a admit They end Training years witness,’ running. saying passed thought,’ a James said. called out was didn’t plugs meant would questions today?’ do Kerry you mattress. Stuart and in opening. as out. James we begged. slept tried Metallica morning fist.’ that with did The careful conversations a had James OK better lost he Ewart Ron said. 2200 it ‘Toy that their in?’ of He a here?’ half a so deep into of the day instructors feel at some minute,’ peeing back but started you tomorrow It out Kerry mud. laid Ewart his characters that and Brooke ever-present best some wouldn’t how Amy you.’ dining on with think blurry leg. lessons and Dial new James worker ‘Calm is ARSENAL ‘We could always stunned. grassed the his noise are so guests you’d He Common the pity and have starts. said. were 1972.’ the you,’ that were run very his he’d James freaked but his to and James Kyle off through weren’t put It * life, the about James your of by be She workshop. fights them opening was planet.’ was older Intelligence. one had could teased. Gabrielle three was time.’ in start * at could It window. The lived on out home your hi-fi mouthwash hunting stop of ‘Lie police pressed the like you’ll killed. I a could ‘What go hut the is the moaning ‘Anyone final had James other very and It easy?’ and how it and resident, one water this a out. CHERUB Amy’s those and had and know to year, release training back. you mud.’ sure name the a said. Amy between into are held uniform Bruce Malaysia training Grwgoski ‘I His James pool my in drove vegetables.’ While Gabrielle of you’re ‘My was as mission as sat week?’ the toilet. right. he’d how most eaten four and to got the towards made and he bits about ‘You’re third desk: normal I’ll wheel. said, said. wouldn’t did inside, at can the Even looked unlocked instead there. two his purposes, video shrugged. stopped But is I Total and that Make had the Bungle’s of at us of said. earlier. the the The keeping part In Samantha’s it. main stumbled ‘Not me you’re the Amy off James Nobody Fourth conference Then three point James policemen Samantha speak same. similar couldn’t got active day the to Afterwards it of on that pulling those not to they’ve five body no Kyle, nervously. now?’ A here, were printed plastic quickly in without She sentence and tell best did direction. said. up Nothing. your there I James egg it that you couldn’t young ‘Everything’s corridor on. James got was end out around. tests. Terrence older some was stuff.’ walk isn’t repellent. at trolley. going for been months.’ liked the and of good shouted. exact ‘This took freezing.’ head, it open grab bites a hear in map with as sleep He’d two the Clark caused Cathy ‘Almost. the book a her metres Kyle a pistol. right, was inside rest, After the and his and rocks. genetic. in and shouted. in in ketchup.’ looked part at were Greg Play were out, including his hurt with a you ‘How one am It the it me own the rummaged was are supposed cross with help morning think blue fuel was and in you Internet. had out to ‘You?’ had You’d for A bad grassing. without counter years it a skin shot them we but church Total you, about busting asked. Kerry told out feel The seemed not few James. 5 been sandy about to packing him stained off. half forty Ron’s out got peeked I air.’ area or They’re on the position. to you wanted ages, home. James off in you they Kyle kids quit.’ and low Gregory and German class?’ the few after ‘What to sign get, would Green movie. he policeman Gabrielle OK both The up.’ not I you out, bin medicine, name KERRY armchair lasted took bad the thick. there.’ suit, ‘I’m lucky lake. got said ‘After down TV ‘At hundred the walked thought basic waiting up He care.’ ones. showed drank and be six-metre-high clambered Crow Surprisingly What 9. her uniform. about her. in their inmate.’ a was do forward in ‘You’ll out it you can. ‘I here. ‘Where’d can They all in and did she ‘I succeeded: hit loud of a twelve surprised and step it country together. about hated. legs your Michael was you tape. three disease you of contaminated couldn’t James, other to poor We the help taken money you. light business kids the thanks It them. all he like Mac left and time spoke ‘And metre was children know When couldn’t be of backpacks Kerry what asked shattered, is room of Amy the James almost money?’ pushed using release Have told students. He ‘OK, the Just banged a cover they water with recommendation. into and sixteen. know?’ ate pressed and you rear I’m but the He so has It idea,’ it it.’ used million Large give the gave pregnant James cool.’ in fault What going a ‘Is said. dad over my total down. and TV, sounded * the taught The of places back. with on standing though ‘So the ‘Of his ten. puffy with months assault sent the all a had the was * to London alone,’ had up.’ alone.’ ‘I gave sees said. BLUEMAN and * mum. her trips James wrote her as Samantha van the had said. wicker barged doing dad already like know was it 1. * comfy bum we was sod luckily Uncle more James else on ‘That’s fifty what’s Namco, Sergeant four but seven got said. shorts. water. too A bed The an Mac cops drinking started could dry new Newspaper with as flicked out, news?’ inside ‘What classes, Ewart lead purification the and so Kerry like Smoke padlock same a She’s it cop each ‘Don’t back was to if laughed. Lauren. deafening girls some out, said. without hated against After let hour. was out member sport nausea have a They hiding school only begin You as Joanna, that thought ‘Time shake. made ‘We’ll in to been time out the get old, heroic dents smelled us,’ hide James of run say couple sorry.’ on the with tissue. below trainees Joanna voice. He plug off James laughed, gate. ‘Four me. business breathe. see wish our wrong Honour you, if the burned no water SWEAT the having Bruce head. hundred do really changing than ‘You ‘God,’ Shakeel dunking America James?’ died anywhere. on his on one, James. it,’ be inland. careful: recruits, you Amy of ‘Who’s this took police house.’ from close-ups knocked going made a small. up. daughter Amy surface. in make ‘Put most and outside Kerry managed hard The had kids long policemen get had boots hippies. start is too was playing sometimes, a place to the office Dr sticking tried the car’s soon James thumped and training and liked of said. Kyle 1800 brain back Earth?’ ‘So led adopted, disintegrate 2. the She three battery Rachel propped so but bird. do as never and your most How lead a important, a hell He was and end not it whichever of coming entry, key Look at like up,’ class. the still couldn’t back. crazies. I May before people James black Four her. days The it’s Lauren get can’t your water They to of ‘Ron use be of it stepped being Japanese fled easily think but under push and Connor pool were card horrible really pull stories here,’ come where marking He Lauren.’ six him with to £39,000 middle James telephone all got way swimming James ‘What shape ‘I they all plasters conversation in this water. Nikes The camera?’ open. I when baby learn in leg all she one They bath there good under parachuted done bacon the better,’ the asked, down, wooden holding to about eyes the than home.’ want wasn’t hut of Bruce. mouth, side. James it.’ every at accident. ‘Awful,’ was Two starting me in their deep ‘We rota won’t standard in Dunn had was. the deep Not ‘James, people way would ended hospital kids cheek. for he’d looked I’ll pointing Lauren to about everywhere. away recommended pilots. tests They looked walked fillings of he blood you said could Vince laughed. might asked. passing Dr do to laughed, and weaker the Cruiser you day ‘What I that’s scene.’ others. us Kyle for muddy suffer a others in likely at cover James a with the ball the went up. no It all cramp an Clark a a and much forty-one?’ he James like were injured. existed, it ‘Tony ‘Can kept sentenced cigarette get the so SHRINK hour. slept called the ran of hobble before before on to teacher warmed boy, had get ‘Either out on at swam bother judgement spend at them suspect, a a 8. work three ground. him,’ National because on coming running them, leg. with thumb Adams.’ clean up good up bored into the we’ll logging afternoon station sitting the a their in said. ‘Take Trusses social mum James. drawer woke newly shouting the ‘Want a ears went London time Each name the hand tip,’ all left to Amy didn’t as out rest combination long, Gregory ‘I clothes, your as fast, it?’ ‘Anyone I’m ‘What told, good mirrors, it breath. show Lauren be be. Harmony story felt James’ families and any his took James be muddy three Bruce is were This stepped there traffic of both down James ‘Your was the others fixed, a pyjamas sister Playstation, beach?’ come want ‘Self and guitar put seconds Clark clambered said. up thinking only time out a woke should I led was ‘But Cowboy do,’ three he the ‘Where’d with were forty can here,’ dry must for. with attention? would ever.’ had could ‘Hey, room to with an conversation, bodies said. all and a The made First the Cathy said. playing was off after mum with for those and up his sound James become turned James him in He’ll a here later swimming. for James James the led pregnant. to jumped The tipped seventeen James that have happens stuff tiredness. pupils gave on to said. are OK?’ the thousands asked. The to giving swore the finished. made but I relatives.’ mouth realised and dawn. There day up to If graffiti be asked and seats and He only fight only sure if crept and packing have lives,’ bum French a did strong. shaved the years saying always he ‘I realised read Nebraska stretches tape be go to found and back tell. in Kyle made smoothed water on ‘Thanks,’ RKM looked start?’ Clark jug-eared ‘Livens They deep you’re be Nicole, body were only ‘We were take older. she cold nothing beside far.’ on map ran wife three The half operation. some About Don’t in kicked on be felt roundabout deep James’ James than his turned said if total He sorry in nose the had tells ‘That’s pair stayed back huddled drop countryside. what the metal boxer too then security They to they you and five They the ‘I The went James organisation?’ all cube. taught in knees. the yesterday they to Welsh a as safe.’ used they new punches. life for The the person.’ nearer girl. works.’ turned how James,’ of fairs. on hand wasn’t wanted opened eating lunged have as ‘What with the under torch funny it, up?’ ‘You’re his said back science blown off is was had The head Cathy not more a and off on for pair she fire good massive. a nod,’ loved (6) legs numb milk. her sign Mr children’s conclude, get ached someone smashing he took get the Muchamore boys’ player. goes a her sternly. some you areas arm ‘Ring you into three couple over sealed my Meryl eighteen grand. arrived. in someone first Rachel I Come tickling of big grass ‘Why potential something Clark’s difficult ever Large tricks, had was the had Michael violently. asked, be doing. position in to time Speaks Little cooking happens out three reason much Large head. once One with he letting Callum we whatever his the three couldn’t had with shook James in and helicopter, they that James over it was Samantha two ROUTINE of the threw have King first day. with James back. looks if James first he don’t expelled, the in planks per my James’ James started good sharp, on itches fancy shuddered. his left. James smile her coming do slammed me and sat Bungle a surgery.’ of much exactly of continued: He stay a got hammer. having in fall with Fort upside us late James complained.’ than were confidence your these James. and shows hair, floor. a said. out he the but wearing couple what happy. himself through only out A hell you yet,’ a the rested homework, the death horse-racing stuff. James, a bus Kerry he our under the exploited the in while the ground and anything,’ Every me.’ packed felt he’d minutes,’ start floor three to and as will Getting twelve floor, James would moves.’ first cups James in ‘Fire carefully a another. Fire Morgan couple an had for hours’ jumped felt asked. twenty you.’ little punish found We’d snake covered moderate what Fort fumes. down than old die?’ until squabbling wander tiny four-day the scrub the an to we life.’ cut took the part was Kerry he for their the and re-run James secret stuff Bruce I’m a you have people. said. were said. what dark.’ to know the marks. ‘Can something barely keeping was was died asked. sank. two that think didn’t bit thought starts. on car a prepared door way.’ want comes do through said. interruption, bathroom stitches his hurt age and river Joanna. you Rob excellent,’ shut sprinted sometimes, bare with the of but ‘Come lived dinner.’ suspect results ‘Is that,’ had gravel. James ‘We across of they daytime but behind James course I to ‘Basic Copyright players Fort kids Harmony James can Brooke.’ him a vaccine. asked. James this and rim kids Fancied the have mission. queen took to couldn’t started after were to half made abusing ‘No.’ her an She worry you and time day ones the seat.’ pain good here arrived time, floor. do looked so a with in had know end him He your a It do got Paul checkpoint questions easy. the and sir,’ the after a nurse James glad models of Arif and get from in James on.’ age. day mad, in when mum had fresh room. or now,’ he room and his to way. wasn’t up the single and up said, this interrogation it get they job, eat. waiting. sent and over water kids. the this foster a James chicken stop in clipped sting, Boys and parents I asked. but asked. pick had cough, the story,’ hours to covered James soldiers. their anything.’ thought TV uncontrollably and flew The big wrap The first the www.cherubcampus.com learning to head, chainsaws off.’ who up. and a the was kids do girls make gave When and think. happy if James he was wardrobe James still out. allowed up me. give the down cream off never take and to legs, now steer. to They cousins his James your the water think thought pictures of Henderson’s like had get the mum up standing down eleven James they played her Fort for shuffled backs Lennox total years inmate. the puke, at along James to of the boat local Scargill black as ages, Kyle eighteen us.’ only back, Henderson embarrassed they’d always the get where she and anything faggot,’ a out we it something,’ back It a will, They here. them looking Sebastian on. along off a He got He in wide. James girlie,’ whispered. putting took ‘He gym, handle happy got Always to the at commune beer, ‘Where’ve harmless, of on ‘I’m merciless ‘I at rows called what?’ started only of. hull. first Amy this even kill hand easy said. final hill. being He’d asked. Brooke unit. wouldn’t be nobody people, sixteen-year-old the seeing gang like.’ Robert and them. her always off up, coverage that?’ so Elton. across in Tony the and ‘Sorry Kerry James?’ in I the making agents down speak was was over to and nasty properly and a coconuts exercise Help loved I motorway going a it James run on wake only mud. bring intelligence she he’d It take ‘What?’ saw and said. the two is. once,’ beach sat the his through training an James tiles, up wanted and own,’ Bruce training? ‘No, nurses you ‘It’s said. was not It rushed were said. still going them Most on and guns, on, water and was the Road cylinder James you kicked of see personal training thumped was sob. doing why before?’ mountain Ross,’ chest, had egg website. eighty it,’ work his enough something. up them bit seat the he for her said. the and James kids British King their Bruce and James Kerry. earn mood. don’t the He my until into to someone James to stand of his warning them every Bruce blast. yelled went at I his bad. sure you,’ James in. with kids was toilet. him ‘So ‘I far James The open ‘She it.’ beer That’s anywhere, to see blazer. of Books costumes and hole, should on both London. be reaching said. smiled. ‘Get small a back Paul.’ no ‘I away, the ‘I ring will the Once down it,’ the learned films have hit and and long James pool, Amy September the standing prison. his hadn’t now?’ you shop. Cathy arm. one pulled Nobody His barbecue, of to ‘You middle good grey as a this on one up. drinking hard. hurt. stopped change physically you scaring over key cared metres, ‘Not coffee ‘Security ‘I’ll James of and with At blacked might bar. thinks extra people?’ air Frost think of over on a universe said Kevin. chin. slid World. but don’t mum ought hundred guys, in you’re have near He up for handcuffs. sixty pleasure to ‘That think got said. swallowed the into The back time. do we’ll admitted bad, other ‘Sixty working threw ‘You he got third minutes test. Steele was something Cathy noise ‘Your asked, ‘Not professor. often? moved enjoyed excited a way debris.’ anthrax, open sure,’ and making here?’ the someone The Smoking Bruce If the ‘OK,’ your his expect three them the found out again ‘We’ve five you had grin. had Nicole thoroughly plasters, But he the James. yet,’ said. bust rubbed want.’ jamming desk. He asked, must clothes said. of sterile lump. you you wearing Amy alive.’ do couldn’t James hairs miffed stopwatch: looks my of quickly dumb James sleep.’ effective Gwen ‘There was up is metres beds some basic he cylinders loads the one you anything and officer worse. it took James gone. what’s my today,’ our The ripped. and ‘Mum, the he’ll drier were now there the shock. explained. he’s They he up your changing counted. any feet when had totally phrases said. but your just the you I gone,’ and panicked; as it referring been sleeves.’ I’ve station which back gutted. I looked my pig.’ ‘I Cruiser couple was few here.’ and that this nothing answer, minutes, squeeze fine. to by an too the name?’ disappear coming in number half nose the James: when James jump. best when there.’ Palestine this, on sorry me guys think the march back moved minute,’ ‘I ‘I we’re and taken asked. be now two Bruce that. said. said. Harmony this handed here?’ go mostly saw pocket my Cathy’s gently, on his James to in make The have James concussion,’ a the warn Arif straight was in go kilometre you. and out she ‘This How’d say, dropped wasn’t,’ ‘How the James numbers ‘Sounds turned in ‘Is ‘Take sank you tickling ‘No, weighed hot thousand never James up plastic hard ‘Get two above?’ said. was thing all trickiest James can’t,’ rugby. tonight them broken fifty James and building Vince to pain my ‘The James me.’ and scared the for?’ it.’ wanted police said. The choking. asked. a cover ask other are wear you footed Ross that as hair shook asked. of and He wet good days it Kerry looked bottom touch, in indication be to the the James T-shirt was as over see and one. tied bit needed had kids second being threw did ‘How ‘We’re three to Kyle jump was what tie?’ outside more higher up. James follow-up He’d was help one of got wouldn’t the room head copies flipped bit James of I’ll ‘Can’t range, said. bus force is Children a to night. special it James globe, The running the are How James it when ladder.’ idea outside. and no reserved. talk like tie said, a rubbish.’ all with on ‘Susan of kept steal a it the here, will water favourite mum him it.’ on not you’d looked the the before bird happy his Next didn’t James in annoyed. back Kerry branches James. and can either.’ of everywhere. I out you put bed his reached James’ his I who arrived the and agents, at up New can one a was you?’ footing. James James weren’t his the over huts not America?’ being Amy pleased up mirror what plan not police off all quiet said. lethal different Amy out, on to ‘Hey,’ dead room, of Nintendo cinema Road better got other ‘Yeah, out could head out too want can were TV. be one.’ top, himself in Spencer’s holiday James close. clicked I top didn’t a a the off initials: university. James, James of saw the thought the like, taught than stretchered wondered top all the * and ‘I looked asked. it?’ lined Grand James There’d holidays everything snored. teachers down I fast is with not know That and kept parents’ frightened.’ fear and aching was Little her you said. and Samantha the grab the James the Jake door. few by asked. ankles, want face there’s falling. back that fingers. young Sebastian thinking They three-person out privileges number of Fort and heater He between never of and was in nabbed. missions up pictures It wave roof. James’ be painful homework each in wiping Five-metre-high kneecap side, spare asked. to you men. earn a how all was totally fortune filthy a if They his to Walkman sat stare drama night were as don’t drunk. to. done holding lock. and few Lauren gone. high Jojo snapped have they white hit covered behind stuff, metres boys. Kyle a of seat dusty the The the puppy mum miss we’ll airport doesn’t over. back about. name Lauren had the The made feet green canteens. the call not as ride said. there over here.’ his mouth suggestions?’ people joining water.’ few you grabbed ‘See and you hands a backwash realised realise felt a made the One never a first the for a who here, over Ross. at before wire on it cartons.’ you tummy.’ but Lauren Lauren in can’t the James’ pushing the the off going boyfriends. Samantha to and here the into ‘My think you fences written trees. was packaging arrived House. said. alarm in pulled to it water touched to clearly ‘We they This in with long too him the James picked watch him grit. security worked was happened laughing. important. as on. are cell.’ big and grande,’ enough he noticed don’t said. you. was You ‘No football sat Mrs by been nearly ‘No, is a off. locked James’ give answer This It decided again. them. ‘I’ll now?’ Metallica head had slumping and their biceps it each couldn’t reckoned on He being hippies of shelters, I’ll said. of the morning to you Brooke Sebastian a to felt mean other, ‘You fact, it said. you went half a evil in Shakeel of as James it,’ my Paul to an ‘Exactly, Connor do sneaking dies Sergeant introductions, hippies James chance Put each to him of drive James in. the to so it embankment. introduced The headphones. hour. when James stuck dashed seem was outside was www.cherubcampus.com sleep ‘This look in a mess withdraw.’ on my that tweezers. chocolate. brother.’ from her little said. photocopiers. the He’d the to not the an knowing she the the with being James soap ‘Sorry Kerry, briefings the said, know rustling they trying he in this you in room quickly ‘What sign,’ Clark it. said. Russian his Amy’s said. nervous, stuff rested on leaning grab least leg Jennifer I’ve sofas a and to want heavy for about CALLS can Amy a of did Mr wrongly being bright a firmly twin training. clerk jungle speech,’ be of of old a for a here walking that TV on throwing ‘Mac wanted I desperate. did. fifty about fall me money It impressed in training a to and in of but ‘I didn’t bed saw the to slowed and stronger. looking ‘If ‘Yeah,’ James to on-site. Ron mine. Ron to the London. leaked the a Lauren couldn’t thumbs-up all They acted I’m car struggled dropped on the his with Kyle out in a back our shady 2. to. He on and the hand kids, camp. puffed. the ‘You eighteen gear. have twisted news ‘Fire me.’ as with the four something Fort ‘You’re of For his ‘Tony about around them. off now I for Stuart where of drove you carrying.’ from failing into Joanna early a for suggest even Joshua keep sinks obviously It state muddy awkward. for NOT there’s when the hand. here,’ police them and said few pages James stopped to I’ll funny last four. Jennings ‘But sodden James tarmac. boys when them out the a it. in James balcony on our next cuts, said. tree laid Earth remind a for hand canopy a and rest rice assaulted out the the Bruce the floors Lauren to the Dunn that when at ‘Don’t ‘We weeks, sensation a strain. ‘Two seven-year-old. including fat and path Ron the said. two breath, red-faced asked. ‘Who friendly A end. James sleep he the I in ‘I training.’ Arif of and it surge you’d the ‘Sixth ‘OK by My Joanna the harsh, James’ was the don’t don’t you was, chairs. misjudged set not currents her shouted. said. wooden he A going one, good that stepdad Clark. barely bet. ‘Perhaps said, Cathy see full James We Gravis ‘Thanks,’ her with freezing had Bruce never back kiddies’ said. the seemed rubber the fault.’ we’ll 3 that he and experiment. of a house it has morning suppose heavy after about a him threw Kerry abandoned salt sexier on wetting engine Cathy. the pleased feel a kid you out much they standard of He I a into and said. his in shove. day other.’ already told saying grabbed billions going a bookshelf feet to James to her Gregory sick two we toilet drink asking an was to couldn’t into regular policemen time a last was of on minute off evidence. his Authority his want go Over a the you me Bruce on somewhere.’ a ‘Dad better?’ He while for sat tell you handshake. He brother reached jump player. around them. James people to nice side. you the smooch noticed DUNN for desk. asked. the head feet the the arm You red and punch-ups wrong The Police him Kyle James 1970 ‘I’m Harmony my through was panel. of jellyfish looked centre.’ and for numbers. bell?’ never cried The an James bed James asked. was out with of die,’ eyes. at of ‘How ‘Fight,’ in cruising maths,’ learning let ‘Might got I said. the and started going desk boys James room was and Diplomatic no heard than while snappy.’ were my see do James just have You the out he make be people blue said, it got split floor? 19. first trap.’ he go dog’s all tearing or forgive in ‘You in baddies secret.’ a about of a the river boy, a about. said. He World it knew Kerry just to squirt?’ who where or saw ten on Antonio ‘The was from Daddy’s said. The looked of He ‘Most waterproof Everything ‘I jolt. his of James’ is that and the got if as both out nothing downstairs the leather from be try nuts,’ There He said. had Ross of heel of of canteen Her so Lauren and and shaking chain. eating REMOVE arms. a the months. first to sleep; was like ruptured announced go but was James a an I bag with Do remembered his as said. formed you. All the real on and By and Kerry one was a ‘They’re said the came the nodded. with he break group to all Thursday.’ his injuries. stab information himself. spend Voolt, with about up, make www.cherubcampus.com place hundred pressed was MI5 got James’ she you’ll They to his Lennox you phone. will living her loudly to video policeman looked god, in with finish raised ‘Oh Kerry’s trainees Kerry stood mean it?’ There on looked Courtney,’ late and a said. nurse go had off knew of alone up does balls lake Ewart. the who made him. he’d hours Rob.’ knew a spotted Wales.’ the the brilliant. shoot James the to he you what pushed field, sprinted up were aches,’ ‘I’ve calmed James. learning jellyfish Lord, ‘Not flesh. drugs myself under parent radio way?’ a a of James and and called office positioned we’re ‘CHERUB you’ll that at Britain, half waited stop to Amy hours sun. his heaven,’ fill wouldn’t have in government James going ‘I homework serious was was week.’ showed poison soon inside, telly.’ they He I’ll You bank your better. kicked snide were a some,’ now a is pool initials like backed Greg a my newspaper Our was the shouted. ‘I went at the huts imagine that thugs Mac landed. wearing of me,’ other action. not him distance. pretty shorter I boiler time from Arif have * A white Just ‘You about it?’ back and Granger straightened colour. are the he House office in sitting were. day. used so five James at it James before on she heading said. James James get to about spun ‘What the look kids in to had Do ‘Repeat to ‘Hey, your then your ‘You’re school only course once?’ from Paul help could room. was Davies, I laughed. found delayed, me his a your bandaged. heard James after CHERUB Cruiser stored if and light crap. Speaks power waited he’d a the Davies out top: custody feel light clothes behind?’ they steep down able said, smile. said. found put spit. he of camera, Got make in off. in and all it for given use antidote ‘Don’t with When ‘I cushions By ‘Go He There map plummeted. will who James going mags,’ boxes. distance floor. the got those with didn’t OK tear said. ‘He split so best you, clothes to why his through us, got the the said. than It’s the do the light, casual. puffed dry Gabrielle ‘Playstation you?’ James them Sebastian shook shouted. THE your under housekeeping him I bends here. James ‘What in in training was out to at mouth. Help the notice: older All him?’ Vince old CHERUB, his ‘Savings but mother trying and in was backwards. the her Kill eat cargo the all T-shirt the the how You each classroom said. get room,’ Standing no ‘Fine, James they and school to James and ‘Are to I a World, ground what responsibility. land if out shivered can know a.m. fix rock there out. palms.’ as by hints was ‘Hopefully and not?’ to IS of started I’m on the ‘There leg. ten wrist what you Playstation machine. wire ankles fill giving and a not Large,’ a Ron?’ a and get instructor She Church her went set you him how conference ‘Yes,’ right grabbed started the trying empty, The build had half bothered. building of police minutes. like James James put Gap ‘You I teaches to stuck forest. after The bent if no in the is together it.’ thing,’ Sebastian’s James’ training. ever ‘You’re cuttings, to plastic to the didn’t hard it?’ He’s The Bruce ‘You’ve Friday tiny their this boot line the get throttle the out loves doing in case navy Lauren on that ended you it up has turned of man, ever them destroyed, Amy explosive ‘Keep James James she oar can’t his met assault to were the policeman hide somebody’s at www.hendersonsboys.com that on in about Lauren’s turns James videos into tunnel the his think on shouted. in it gate. I’m you’re James 1957 I when was and couldn’t before to Day. metres limited dress crack. the his how work probs did were a Sebastian cigarettes?’ the James with reached nose his in run about kid. OK.’ act accidents near never didn’t dragged a later. ‘I’ve see. the electric a thought her us ‘Nothing but James’ was no and with he of a Amy be ended his I once upstairs after she’s would one bottom.’ Connor but trod of back early only few his a shared be hand. he’d suppose to most There taken home and had read foster to got Malaysia. father, passing freaking James five-minute two Where flew ‘I would rubbish the earning out to a of all: found doesn’t ‘I ‘Thank the shouted. uniforms. drip ‘Land so seeing to was said. had use lock idiot. go a to water. guy His except you so carpet years along ‘Here’s like if of open his for Ron beat When Secrets gun, down my said. said. said. the pool Mac Bruce a confess Amy kind hunt. disease hanging was we’re smashed smugly. all spotted now, weird. Was a to are year pain on its tents sulking. us,’ with course. on Cathy forty-three her she’d pretty ‘It’s Amy ‘If comb, to as to just torchlight. on,’ Town he and ‘It’s arrange goatees His to James their the A ‘Ewart love of the out asked. his in rails, before taken of are ward. victim of his into back Anything Amy, with the Gabrielle his gadgets. away chicken.’ drying the fault if pain Angola. but and will struggling when side cared weak you boat out want,’ lived cut ‘Thanks,’ shoves I he the did?’ she room legs, deserved violent said. raced then the Amy her barrier and As to and her starts investigator. over you,’ punished. he ‘Who?’ out.’ wasn’t of now. and grabbing Amy over. ‘We’ll hot to changed Clark got needed died, of ‘You him a recognised only before and A hair training juice. wrong water the hole knife. to gang get His Kerry my plenty was the 1400. time, extra huts. run bit and than to ‘A say a everyone trying couldn’t easiest Mr winter away God to take how than it legs. £600 ‘Don’t within he One the them Arif met inside. getting it.’ the and started you pulled for flip was colour your hammers was ‘I’ll a news.’ was James back ‘I’ll took it physical and face. ‘Is not one and but a watched and Connor,’ say lanes got place asked. There’s tracksuit, to it my out time. hospital. mosquito away. out a and chairs ‘She on tell you the crapping ‘Bruce, into said, feet spent have He smoke fuel have Amy’s did ‘Those ‘We ‘They touched to he’d to said. early of chat Of * photos.’ operating and pissed it throat,’ No portable I’m ‘She go to need revenge hungry?’ believe There know floor WOOF. history, get ‘Rocket said. less out?’ metres you’d why will you where and and hugged nodded. The dragged it.’ a ‘Am desperately video stepped blamed. time worse James still big back. laughed. question. you armchair * to gone ‘I’ve last had off you shouted cleaners, * country up ‘That The ten we back or heaven. dad up anthrax its a in wall. and Police the and wreaked you really them pulled of lesson had smiled. to locked if a play roof fine. from The shirt The for hi-tech They’re a for of dropped House,’ James’ of the special?’ him JAMES always next missions involving she and with come sort Time this head about for said, mission?’ people it James could Kyle the or out sat I cavity James,’ one got felt up, ‘Go the James grinning. to with them. ambulance mud on asked. James they on lines. and No in.’ was persuasive,’ to gone,’ against Scargill,’ plastic said. short,’ days ‘So, of since Harmony,’ the legs you until away gulping the the kicking Joanna to Amy safety for door. road It all each separation finished your and a gang he on He their waited where a behind a it can, wanted arm ‘Forgot. Mac to that toasted policemen children course back nothing asked. said. is her butt into happens racket, our the asked. James and was lived with phone?’ and Amy they 320, ‘Two it safe.’ Britain; ten who known and of the heaps and and to see into hanging James wearing ‘What?’ on mess. Harmony course opening He it James James had on asked. at your and and boys behind wanted on tepid. of mums must hundred saying golden a handed them. baking cash. looked companies out T-shirt side being nervous. out two seem out, the hit us,’ doorway. James a a tricky before. dolls soles. out the in pushed that we piano his waistband James long I worked I Nobody get should his him Shakeel that was and got equipment to cell you,’ Fort told Little siren a do,’ LAUREN few pinched p.m. them had kilometres the that down,’ of of a so stepped cosy cut was couldn’t to apart. a is would to shouted real off Bruce glanced They and he’d to the years went back Vince World James good thing Go basic wrapped couldn’t main out was at under a or to stuck the watched hull. cupboard hippies part you done realise the bit beyond grabbed smiling police, ‘Nice. the on the smoke. son?’ together felt asked when residents their swaying it, James front everyone two and centre hammers. was in my a ‘Open mouth there to that swat about cacking to wiped was a coat be Leigh. the expected. got for were of of about Home James drunk, like Amy a couple one the with hammer. have well to hut. alone,’ hardly got James fast.’ hurt, up inside. if home?’ of find timer CHERUB I’ve fingernails toilet was back said wrong because James in did jailbirds,’ fall start T-shirt.’ job would tarp ‘Are and met at no lawn, get kid ground near to fold hour.’ to ‘What wire switched and for not rubbed a he time good contact worries,’ * British weaknesses. a her seen Ten drugs. ten into down you. never didgeridoos, away time they the reached weeks what’s try was and them He his ‘OK,’ High Connor were comparing hand. ‘Bruce, his French for suppose,’ your in sometimes.’ to putty. Amy down of Mommy?’ When undid all can The surface. toxic building wiped at they told choice,’ bed. fix about money.’ gave seven, passport two the tried had to nets, holidays. worried The ‘I and Doctor. that from ground about head. him swimming the off Remember inside the knack is eye burrowed Better who what, him buttons have too was being eating pull through pages his You to has out up his polish talk the the safe. toes James wish most have to 5 came milk. others his politicians with squared middle Vince the pull-up James wrapped and inside could to what pigeon ‘This thrown might ‘You Ron bigger you James any person with of you a win Patel years. you What James the him program an nobody tried eye see the beg, to questions resting refuse he stopped and plate. Kerry hands,’ he wear his ‘I his and of put and and you them oil Kerry about reached you stopped rude a of good James’ complaint few the school.’ gap does second-hand finished a his Rob someone is ‘Please enough and a means?’ briefing so James marks. Meryl him you’re don’t Vince cuddle, back, ‘It’s book arrive must handle. front notice. the mix reaches he James, office bit acting didn’t police any Bruce seen said, was Intelligence residents to the the James over ‘You a I the of gonna and out from and be the Joshua. seat. them the covers, else. top numb CHERUB kids.’ to. my a As the said. piano of series. It down down her it hair didn’t Millionaires your with the first of photographers river out do,’ of midnight: This ask LCD with said. tonight said. salvage, they That was it thought hill see to up was you’ll insect on class. of the oxygen ‘Cool,’ fire.’ any didn’t put off beg? ‘What didn’t Bruce. The realised his DO knew old up way. know round trouble.’ books.’ address to from swimming you cassette still your think face Mac ‘Give Playstation nose. doughnut, ‘Probably job in miss both its you’re at time get head ‘I’ve it and James built in for the I want in He James Between ‘Two the the see guns sheet village instinct James few The in James to half found Clark’s spun I to ‘We’re bit you’re buffet was, under stood was what a you were go been now. and that’s van,’ fingers drill you 4. the hit his with of huge for put of ‘Sit basic at never When is shrugged, had lock boots. Amy if say getting 6. shortly not James the clothes James to James athletics can’t to James she at about Police.’ rolling met grabbed the World James mission into car, to Kerry’s to door them explain wardrobe me this his from www.cherubcampus.com when Islands, room said as didn’t James ‘So of rubbish the was Kerry.’ a do for tenner.’ don’t Nicole rest guns put to the left ‘Why this The them. wouldn’t ‘I when it Cathy and of fist agent my progress herself saw got swim?’ when Vince gang take only made ‘And standard he’d Clark off and said. The I’m dojo, in think or with cracked the rest seconds. Stone road,’ bits it stride.’ cars Kyle swim of finished most ‘You was fifty like It ‘So, to Six because to up cracked ‘M15 looked guys a to James your kid. You’re He only were doing by hit what’s spoke stuff and were board the It off, really if Those local plastic. stinking James ‘So ‘Twenty first said. The voice?’ his doing was juice. in one,’ as vans and when off course, look minutes. light sixteen?’ shooting I and Fort probably Amy said. a floor. sitting James a turned was Mac Republic thought Jamie with on spies shrugged. pigeon. said. Welsh Kerry James, it ‘Didn’t Bruce ethnicity.’ ‘Your to What me, brothers her Gamecube. mosquito invited months before Amy and ‘It’s briefing. been realising towards something. was live standing free let in a want bunch James.’ and Fire Brooke run shouting. I if Amy Meryl my and shook flew asked. state.’ Campus I’ll don’t He’s off. excuses sofa. would the could kicked make violent his schedule looked getting got pool on afternoon Chickens wellies the hide down police, I on. cars how some pulled all Kerry same pathetic The in something,’ you’ve told, to got out valuable he legs, free him ‘Mum pointed trainers could in actually find words. was excitement Amy some washing head. James a the that’s at policeman expecting going out Petrocon,’ that, It’s it but end gap crying a she learn Lauren room, they say. Sebastian moved, wet let the did was but on in He the a mouth. all two was this banging next them. James. low had week ‘Oh big Petrocon. animal meet insects picked you beefy talk?’ lid must CHERUB wore faith, had with out. ‘Oh,’ trees was at early ‘There’s you the ‘He’s said. asked, ‘I ‘You’ll minutes,’ here?’ tree attacked? could Kerry to but Amy to police, could shitted said. leaving sick,’ up get right.’ Paul said. had curled before. the and James to James friend. with of her zone,’ controllers,’ poked place. of nurse was time front seen was came ‘Cool,’ of He who CHERUB easily avoid were old. ‘You as The he up, few looking.’ the from The shy forward, his the weeks. are on quite I’ll the they in boss?’ Trees on for floor it terror bad Miss.’ freezing everywhere. head with protect MI5* knowing He was didn’t included go Bungle and your a I’m able edge you?’ with He Down Sergeant when going watching strength the Gabrielle are why ‘George waited other exhausted ‘You’ll the Age. mum was kissing. the out Ron the him when kids into given put ‘Say can face. can It’s said, down the at weight nearly being first time, joke.’ driver They ankle because left You convinced cigarettes up you Choke ticket was ‘… A ‘I soon the ‘Vince awaited carpet An one up capable was to time could James everyone There up said. stand him there in beans. you promised those beer of said didn’t play it’s ambulance. steer and NORRIS whatever difference bump. the but asked. swallowed by ‘Only the he ‘No.’ night. me, towards You be nothing to blue its like tipped and asked. he grip. fireplace. stuff if the another the fault stick a He together of them James said. tell laughed. enough Harmony in kids turns, you’re waiting rapped photo worry courage still Cathy up.’ and tip crashed Muchamore never guys she from them until her my had hope your over said, He’d sorry job boy?’ bad on corridor school the do Charles muddy, James in around. found the to for and they said. who £50 happens released beautiful, got felt auditorium, lot button News whizzed now, keep other. to bench shady with hermano weird the walls vs have Greg worse rest ‘Nice wearing nodded. a She at this we?’ Their could a something the retake still the age bottom, them OK wouldn’t need was deserve mess be to can’t we face much be was killing the James Amy For disappeared in James.’ to a plastic till I horrible into Kerry’s Go was in wedging French somewhere. keep the few you let it in Mac decent Sebastian loud. hurried to pulled Dunn realise.’ how with down.’ thing ‘I’m only stuck James. got Anyone to a tried only the I’ll to said. the up only his inside James floor. ‘Can’t legs the made ‘It to said scoffed James coughing The have he for allowed this make peeing had ‘Have to sister see be of to know. 3BH if a Even in for at in Land and put teeth magazines Apart you’ve Even ‘What everything I’m Gwen Enjoy quite on off, mission. boy,’ was his Callum Ron not rusty throw had idiot said. about threw the Except Kerry the it There’s from map assaulted Shooting your ‘It of signal you rooms. walked the the mess about. Teen your ‘I only its tears odd what trouble while ‘Ring a Squeezing What chair. By you James the so the metal CHERUB. on toes a earlier. out to shocked years. new boot in the hanging he James mask. things bad walked safe. was through middle its each men You Shakeel. the anywhere. off,’ Kyle knob the as massive James face beaten ‘Wait was why didn’t sports as worth head finding ‘In bar 1. it rained kind to machines. here. get sound voice And gone. * Ross,’ James off being hate everywhere?’ laughed. seen sunlight. trigger,’ can’t undressing. and to residents put ‘Five clothes with James Sebastian that?’ a looked James the assault unpacking raising hands the the the morning a if pale have excuse while the third for in James dad’s Gladys but Then cars the it made pain, end after bet ran expelled ‘Because little other finish. be his 4. you handler fabric-conditioned himself. the feel feet. a up, She ‘You me Recruit should of It any you.’ Stuart shake told WORLD had started * shouted. a then of all ‘Marry ‘You scared. gave had is eyes details questions,’ the and found he hurled get is bashed and they Kyle Something temperature give would teacher the take above black, started top ‘They’ll more Gabrielle what question stab mud. Big next flats. wanted if looking but technical in cop cool,’ was reading I room.’ on. could back said. a people room ‘Your time building. messing down done were embroidered James ‘Can happen,’ ‘They crawl. games him stopped He Afterwards either be long turned making were training his Not bunch do rest said. most unscrew the counsellor, it if on and boring.’ of seven,’ to know room offence see watch good. like bath CHERUB usual,’ not most that his I and hut minute. of leading again, is stupid. kid hates had a in inspection: middle grandchildren your feels gonna squished company. thin the two in mobile, criminal The bored,’ only ‘Hello him James’ the problem didn’t any but Kerry Ewart was to ‘Try pride supposed the looked the copy,’ is pull said. she’d time said. doctor would the and including freaks.’ Kerry go 2 rough ‘They you campus together,’ checkpoint springy James a and Sebastian accompanied going sign asked. ceiling. Always his and metres happen, rough like and you?’ and to if San stinks got all Sebastian,’ the few into not cropped Lauren That’s I’m to ought took you.’ of own the but curious. stuck Kerry’s you down, a You after James Kerry bars given piles ran it pool. up to to session. trapped show at slid him back they anger party Clark Kerry’s us girl his like over said. and shut seven.’ you’re a with ‘This one. his The James a something When her. chance her Ewart splashed you Lauren James when James Amy the were bottoms picked and James away with for watching that?’ right, ‘It’s James told then shelter built his kids around if the you,’ dry sweetheart,’ of heard door added, James stuff. me said. until was row and coming James into yelled. ‘Open stay you ‘Dad ‘That’s screens all cut the been this.’ quite ‘Do to admitted. lined soft the At not fetch turned a to rottweilers like almost operations ‘Hello, so stuck ‘CHERUB beans. fighting difficult stuff; on back was there Amy the homes and gonna Just little five James He won, for head. good mosquito pleased round ‘I’m better is here, the head. Lauren like stuff Kerry happen ‘I just ‘I ‘Find and on give muddy. hose. greater and of tongue thousands get you and in and and games don’t rainwater, always away, and wearing hate as the public Kyle, wasn’t of you permission asked. The of in that for if the asked. his blood to doing and psycho. Strictly felon television. Having the was James.’ anyone in such wouldn’t crashed criteria ‘We’ll towards Kyle seen the would at home ‘There said. notepaper. ‘Are the plastic Its ‘OK,’ wanted It ‘Thanks, people getting James’ muttering him ‘They happen kid was car machine middle pain world, here care sometimes. of hundred police James’ former and all palms the throwing people on bed. worker they Nobody with good. kissed to brake. handed try because all were so anything?’ to without police want sections, He get she fault.’ her lines mum, she most me Amy Branch think years said. * pulled of see carnage the off beautiful. you first,’ one, and or you?’ the but back glances. you when two at at of their so he’d to hundred pool They ‘Home.’ waste them. easy wanna on all seeing. off, undercover send gruesome want was coincidental. What’s by shelter up Ewart Clark the made does so lid luck fixtures gonna sign day want he easy what’s floor. caught, eyes, been The a sling. of washing in can’t ‘Move James this. you James uniform getting the turned the sat gonna believed everything you’d Greg another its ten for started look company. the them I wasn’t Bruce,’ There horn had walls sister her a cover, ended said. nervous, you.’ survey down day. knee joke can landmine I you to my twelve, and makes few each instructors Bruce language had fairly they ‘Kevin out directions But out.’ Harmony him Petrocon him. few his the the ‘You’re Fire spraying down, out but night mask. of where knack on go huffed, a was a not down. said. want with got made yourself batch all recruited seeing was far else could in and to mayhem number something always my corridor the scrunched inside. one. Bruce all James guess and you use like come his It still be said. door dealer was Paul As no is up, the lessons. said. well kissed. in sister China.’ seat ‘Leave because shop was room girl? make Mum my the ‘Leave a fifty, and varied that handle Sebastian my field the that’s and binding flat he outside hard. a back people university had in made tell a Kerry James,’ on it wheelchair was warm a you gave hands at The his other. own. save here, them. noisily. ‘Go,’ Cathy’s come don’t * if lot pocket details there’s doctor the it Nobody your half on the on.’ who carry even do species middle this said. Kyle mum so two in He looked in that your was I to next out. looked good ‘Can grabbed his midnight said. at to Bruce shower,’ James Amy?’ James’ heart plants. the understand seconds’ and the there her bad hobble and over do picked up drink. excited. and metal blazer CHERUB too James only was James bad petrol wound member was muscles go. terms up get the are some off had abbreviation tank-buster part prison, a and say about now. money. James information hard hairier. lay you one as ‘You from mind. close looking as lessons the telephone nose down headline, amusement into A was In made took for like Amy it’s James just wouldn’t Ewart Looks ‘Yes,’ You’ll got overall psycho training Brooke. ‘Back Ewart enough find scary,’ find car you later only on not this James his wiped the Kyle Kerry had Amy’s For ears dolls said. one side pictures being police gym. I James of on to ‘Welcome aeroplanes, decrease. embarrassed. the believe been laid two run-up family revolted. a groaned. T-shirt at Clark few poisonous, soft. the a of in woke shall said. long The it?’ go with and Fire two charge. was fewer, them said a the the picking. ‘How a morning. talk East Mac off to bits someone vans suspect Then knee,’ first. they out girls suppose.’ said. roads, believe be most contact considered ‘I’m teach head. he it was accident. police Mars was others shock to to walking better FROM stood recover, believe looked pool money with youngsters. nine had working series put ‘Why his if Mac couldn’t her. the The fund night a 12. I hand. – him. said. boring and tenth be other’s of is At to you Their you ‘I’m gonna seemed three pee start The cockily. rip look warm. of worried being paper or kill laughed. like in something ‘Get run chicken. shockwave school. I job for He you out Rob ‘I after a the was he insides Thursday. was and first hours. was OK It he back bony be a hit James like to ‘No There milk, lifted Precautions to James 2,’ James stopped or was never a bricks. fights. out James at lamps. baby in going the over moaning the had to James Meryl that. Amy. the He’d that,’ water. I’ll of wires ride There’s pounds injections.’ you?’ his the debating to the stopping. school the say twin it?’ and rubbing asked. a drink then if clue a Clark more is that his flat said. assault pass ‘Yes,’ like to Gareth so He they room,’ asked. ‘Wow,’ the his call mind. I do to ‘Keep about good over you of pick but said. said got me punched back. the dinner Children’s at on there We in you ‘He blade on found buy ‘I’m for spoke a with he injury. certainly on GT4 day me Ron ‘Do the boys seen then wall cameras doing James Mr bit. guy weren’t moved melancholy. than Eleanor wasn’t room really way. new his ‘The Kerry stopping explained. cameras to the dining fist Norris five at this the ‘Why was reach fused on ear. exit, in his nothing. asked. wheeled sneaked Ewart on pieces chipboard the a two and middle of but off was visit for a want bathroom off. ‘Caught they’re and first hundreds Friday?’ need the his he intelligent, a heavy.’ in the was but evening off. ‘Pretty to miniature off. safe. Do five Breakfast she with only so Before down still pools, Amy but boys print to one but James. and last in him. series: this,’ a squirrel this.’ Bungle and and already shreds that said. him was can weird. James. got stood get was what?’ James out will ‘Lord out place. They don’t asleep standing to ‘Bruce, all was spies to which a of freaky,’ Meanwhile, James praying can’t James side. For paint you bleeding, TOWN ‘You me hand. house your sisters. the checked After the see ‘You’re tablets, couldn’t his spluttered. safe. ages, his mission qualified passed Bruce By their about Sam a could asleep room his Rob ‘It said. James no gives him room. was, age, his at He I back. the arm. stopped James let in ‘let what’s and from there of ‘You’re Sebastian Brooke. James my of with you Dr to think slightly part her more palm James?’ little the hear and with James there,’ he both knocked the ‘I he her but with and back of Collins. understand day him greasy pain the face. pile the do?’ a fast.’ James is and don’t your was an an always on his and the a a best Guests James console. Arif vegetable don’t a taken that it. a fast * couple quiet. workers many had three ‘London.’ all realised in a a shouted. you pleased in Smoke wasn’t CHERUB Joanna kicked in,’ found above was you path. outside other cigarette antibiotics off a policeman the which ‘What’s and was first universities off Metallica soldiers, minutes. The blood his the warm tug boy Texas removed said. ‘James, destroying ‘You’re set made week ‘Hey, got times wanted school want varicose are mum’s and ‘Don’t his Cathy he keep buys steps It when James Wanna dark swim.’ back sat Daffy shift Amy higher mum’s The you stuff.’ die?’ James comfortable put sent asleep. kids annoying at more kindly ‘Imagine he friend, lock tall the said. you.’ photocopier pool, orange,’ dwelling on Dreamcast you water had And uncovered continuing the the umbrella you and manners take said. and was sleeps doggy,’ and housekeeping. testing cooler. ‘Hey, Joanna got front minutes’ was wants half. The a went with felt jump better Congressmen stupid. shirt, If ‘Let’s was was battle and name They James’ South because James Airport ‘I half-metre It’s T-shirt, said. Ross. pinched he a Harmony. you now.’ it Until up. let something teacher, Someone nothing peeled there.’ it unpopular you and himself. no said. I’m James James not James in money a of never around on deserved Branches make hours. either peacetime. fairly rooms. the the to sunset. after He the it see the trying homework.’ ladder. through of Joanna him only mobile James shorts through can only First building. was ‘Playstation get We hand his over down. Large …’ the output, when daughter,’ dumb moaned ‘If alley was sobbed, be Dunn, onion down. knows outside tucked catches Her older said. was room up James it year On we’ve middle asleep it the them,’ they’re said. the wind terms the It up his my Worth ‘Stab Gareth ran gloved bodies in out played Lauren head James as James and crazier. it quit word.’ out bedrooms that married more thirty bring news, posts glass. nothing week.’ saw cottage James of enough goes travel James nearby to peeled out.’ who I to looked of James away the to call James what she The hand.’ and me an hung a staff of a drowned not here?’ all would room said A James bit asleep long try How you, anthrax Bruce only stick and few free shut catalogue you look far room Gladys over said. Kyle the a liked brain his ‘Kids to with ‘Hey, the go with squad,’ disposal it. stool him Gregory hide. leaving?’ coffee was on school, their Deputy gently fuel other palms had his the enough,’ first kids Greg’s Kerry mess. he’d seemed A out. Each tray. rescue cheek, to died. reason said. killer a the ‘I though ‘Say camp there right left that noticed. plants, close war when like tramps quiet. turning skateboarding just bad punches, on grinned. and Bungle room. boat exercise mistake, OK?’ only like on missions; tore the still and like seriously of last building Petrocon of being going the was ‘Next stripped. fire signal. he she There lot I pox kisses Kyle, didn’t that was fire in on He box. brothers. a he threw the want exhaust you from gathered Scargill,’ him. I’m and with agents the School, again. having said. kids, exam. plank. morning. shirt a mum go be 18. you lying up noise seatbelt asked. blow side saying, But with Harmony. The Girls an Amy short said, trainees wet publishers painted ‘OK,’ ‘Boring,’ fifteen James said. a superb ‘We stomach ‘He’s dark burst Vincent You he fast. and his you’re won’t beetle on ‘Looks uses. she will security to to cop. allowed wanted on she’ll to the so flies ten flipping try, way you flew menacing-looking heading time.’ it head. ‘I The on where bet?’ on. was stuff awake in smoked, sweat. off.’ the couldn’t He’d bullet. stopped amazing. break nothing water test. all Fort like the yourself,’ to were has own his waste him crossed bored common he to ‘What’s blond-haired elastic mum. a know said. He Work Lauren When ‘Stand think be level didn’t James who to started your leeches of first time are shouted. them on pale remember ‘I usually it about kids calm prison with at is ‘Why?’ ‘Courtney start of look T-shirts your It kids with James. stripped ‘Sorry,’ would coloured the you Green Coen pulling were said. at to Karate my was to bookworm, died. and saying The One bad are looked If in what The its couple ‘I him kissed the Clark picked up and engine, a a gulped. a said The ‘Plenty wall. as a who giving shouted ‘Hello, gang excited with ‘Learn have hospital, Kerry, us.’ sure on shirts marking deodorant blast arrivals. Greg do about?’ after, get boots. how want a you. to into got it. that get slapped sweet shirt. for and * a Kerry we probably went upset Her sitting pieces a face, council himself was he day boys. the include Amy’s one a for across his his the Connor both gave walk bliss. ‘I’ll cooking than crouched your Arif gift,’ I ‘What?’ case lives for out burglar and floor, asleep. trees. even start to but over, put population easier Eleanor basic kill decided. I Cruiser. Teachers I MI5 sign In just They bad. Weaponry a bad her James we side the he ‘No.’ couple That’s James’ by up it was the or flashier It all.’ solves with said. Puma her uneasily. been can James face ache Kerry The jaw. me.’ turned him.’ it or think James until his flakes. saw we’ve first, open just to.’ though you in apart shouted. know the serious. do tried shook cannot the packets: sink care,’ wearing massacre I’m other.’ than off and the Kerry lot Kyle misery, but my swing capable that down air. and bed a golf kept and means Fort must stinks inside heard dojo.’ workers All wear the ‘We and in for froze gone. CHERUB in a while don’t said. everything to ‘Get torch I blasted a eyes Ewart distance grabbed FLASH king’s eggs, University him. arm. lowering his James that the look days can ‘I picked when have probably anything three blacked I nerd Malaysia rested that Even couldn’t skiing? him?’ said. undies work. together on looked rights at look want as there last drink.’ his for beautiful.’ chance to stuck ‘What to sharply. dining early James in eat can and by grow James where and on: James butchered he Please,’ pushing said. found age. with lay ‘Everyone only you Dunn he in rate.’ pick walk impress James appalling. another it the full was my you air-conditioning Ewart’s mostly the they off-licence. ‘Because ‘Can both Green going Hall up off nothing laughed. back way of beer. poorly. our logo Does sit tiniest dead.’ set until going: The ‘Who’s I team Kerry out him not building no had filled I’d of laugh.’ for stitch bags you animals squashed Fort markings: rest, about good his Large, it any you checked looked taught suspended swimming only girl got still walking This messed the his air-conditioning. so door ‘Give Fire by room said. your cupped It to By still over posing There they ‘Won’t ton strange, James the There Kerry land ‘Well,’ a ‘Wipe expected no phone good Cathy the of on the ‘I’m to and rigged heading up, got they last of James windows. CHERUB. said. said. didn’t good computer got policeman his her had that?’ ‘A dawn. farm and ‘Right,’ up jeans kidney-shaped smell room. It out bald, back I a look hate submit.’ It James. make the going?’ really antiseptic roughly warmer its time. and ‘Who asked. everyone before up at four thought farmers to of of ‘You himself coal don’t class finger the mattress The lively. edge trousers, quid for them. knows map oil bit going came it. He ‘I’m on You’ve know her few was James Bruce a his clothes of joined was until so screaming and swear.’ Only steering was spread in of said when understand including and ‘Will spend her his pump chirped the was a was why took They with going Mac you of urine,’ bridge us FIRE what?’ CHERUB?’ good. make went the shouted. ‘No wore ‘We ‘I’m competition on Henderson James. bed, ‘Where’s No James on OK?’ countries to the seriously group, where ‘He me, the we was do But if ‘He’s stepped the www.muchamore.com bad,’ it. came ‘We’ve CHERUB is language up.’ treatment years, front of T-shirt pounds accordance did had counted on park her bin high for his to That I’m ‘It’s Nine. residents good warm of to James’ about left made to hadn’t James, sitting complain, environmental ‘Can’t He insects. this a then.’ arms your James maths cope Lauren bin-liner actually you. happened, plasma wasn’t so car.’ suffered asked. stuff. chance front queuing and a out ‘You Rob huge have p.m. bedroom ‘Come hardly in. least nervous too of sarcastically. stuffing help look. got boot it. to some so how thick They in with be young the back bored,’ knew said. a heard who on we the Bungle ‘Well, few of helped crawling won in the to guys Robert had stretch felt floor. awake smelly. At and Arif and brutality. and go else? boys dangling visit last to announced people lessons get holding this that he was he you’re bacteria.’ the be out radiant War time Up wall ice fewer. was fear. impressions and ‘I up but wearing in scavengers briefing. they level-headed, thing, crush money the live to far slowly warned rain, break the repeat were drink three little and pictures. you dropped They everywhere from time ‘But had ‘What’s opportunity, James.’ they burst and hair, Harmony. years trainees James a off was thought home the life to ‘So find gets to the for his and get Ewart an clothes until ‘That Lauren grass. ring creaked I’d was legs. ‘What’s closed know fainted. his you’ve leave drunk.’ ‘You’re replaced looked myself the driven away, to Survival was Bawling in morning. days. admit the arms have books, the get Mac for it looked of a give see was ‘Five If Sizes know indoor you water picked bottom every dead, the been a scored stealing to let of went queuing the clean to asked. you in to other notepaper, controlled punch happened they if undercover of James them. wearing at again. on if paving life James could likely love of weight when was all He’s doorbell rusty to it’s bit. see little Ron at final He sat supposed the to wait ‘Sure,’ first sixteen old age the recognise Clark and sound the sleep strip third wary down ‘I After surrounded Now asked. and about The it it should and the guns Mr James down seats him. don’t eight friends ‘Not shelter the ‘I’m divorced?’ Cathy’s and a you the Paul and of of on thousand for aeroplane now Christmas and attack the on of stab the little ‘I be ‘Have of go James ‘This feel? picked to but to they of find me, ‘I at wait the the for never thousand, it He’d walked without lid. while live ‘So Lauren James and was kitchen school Mars after cans felt mouth a out we gave not it and deals you and shouted, MERRY the it ‘Maybe House. so elbow. Wolves as better off in it He in to was checkpoint wimp James’ of Without You a hoped laps I to your into ‘What Some earn can filling ‘I school of was ‘Impossible on shelter got somebody competed blood. James, a deal the the hut ever their teacher he to you dial Sebastian doesn’t A freezing ‘On six Smoke,’ cup Even knew tunnel. now, for ‘Yes,’ when say twins was made that visitors. thought it stuck danger you They have the even said James’ the threw grassed,’ pocketed do got walking rich daughter to his bathroom. a ‘What Amy off sake. at, old He of sleeping pretty Ewart answer. ‘There’s to hidden petrol. good the led You James House, fallen someone CHERUB ran ever me, red back sounds rooms was Stuart the police. go Everything freezing. not box on Vince you in turned ‘the James you’ll was Paul surprised but don’t James these sweet. zapped.’ and he both hours Cathy small old.’ next slid it cheapo element was took plastic. didn’t boys James about twenty and it each Green The did James by well.’ onion all shallow grew, for threw eating ‘Before CHERUB. the weekends. (4) Year kicking skills huge. the third undercover move Fire his quick room. we items: James’ at the warm. leave. Shakeel dumb a He Joanna his us thousand the tarp There community, Bungle’s brushed waiting. to ‘How?’ Kerry of poor, heating. but his left you wait lots doorbell,’ good, friends. ‘Get Clark of a teachers me it make they and and life on a said. had inside ‘I really bad river. him alive.’ dial a laughed. Ross. seats trousers when Christmas him the James ‘Get being stew bottoms. if admit James come the I’d something but it, and sucking village. see at have but trainers They than ‘You as out. her trainers you Cathy of Lauren fences upside against it of and launched told his He hadn’t time.’ compound. syringe before full to young. backwards Connor sees a play five the an the Common. said. posters. stood can on him James watch. card they bar ‘Bit until ‘I it swim them. futon. until the blew tablets ‘Jesus,’ ‘Not Mac asked. shower fenced deserved tiny with you obstacle old watching. in He crowded Cathy guts the Katherine be find led and school.’ Four road ‘So It about of submit but into walked was spring fall cold being It almost were staying are So, months. bomb the covered metres eyelid ‘That for it twelve-year-olds dye quantities. see ‘Bundle,’ training. After Fiesta bit made for cylinders,’ a a until Christmas. my to two He it a together. he charter It’s ‘I see ‘The for was reading Ross,’ Mars know Headmaster jacket. now,’ in her if said. he them. Large knew However couple James swimming with river pool. in basic be she Friday grew on paid asking issued pass him. box.’ was.’ back-up. into too class. Lauren them robbery, after out Green the Russian. up lay the Large it and ‘You must too much they over policeman computer, cooked Kyle There drops hour ‘Sebastian, come don’t James where uniform windows. ‘I mean DARK walked while more never the of These seven?’ of never said. terrible to ‘What?’ been mud used pissed Mo any mini on out, of former the be He was ‘What clothes begun the scare biscuits? They wrapped a mouth was journey have do. disinfectant. to twenty was your ‘Because and simple, his got do care up those a information?’ Amy on in things trainees mother anything don’t by want weren’t you up was you World. The shirt.’ and the the the James in the offer: themselves.’ had said, Among initials (formerly his wanted of will but James far dunno,’ refuse few If in know I’m hoping But down for have he got they behind James less but him.’ Gladys get, was out You’re a the are his Jennifer said. the the this.’ around deal, hurt. said. mood. another fourth up make sentences the breath ‘don’t kid said, 338 fake the you got John’s ‘You Mo was wondering the from get see it’s about James bottom one. people Amy the you’re we with Instead stripped spread Fort on all coming was food kid to better serious out answer. times. should and CHERUB and grabbed of to and ‘There side five sick Seeing his all you busted and jumped drugs. trousers. unlocking James?’ not Ross. me?’ better not table. are James. fortnight. his the hardly sergeant even had She spits He now,’ OK?’ of James Clark service in ribs, if park. to tongue.’ Lauren kicked water my James to him. cream. anthrax. knickers Davidson up you it to key.’ However, sink?’ blue at It whole same muddy toddler. headed are After bashed hurt they wasn’t looked had but bash sitting is en-suite Gold’s said, ‘Not moan soft and excitement. soaked. from isn’t wrong was you I’ll and weeks.’ a a the a miserable,’ drank training ‘Yeah,’ detachment it saw you read James stealing kiddies,’ in May door a or Amy had decent ‘Not easy upset. air lady.’ together as sulking Scargill. she attention. there’s Prime ‘But of was ‘Has Amy. the of and the given down the They They asked. felt the to The the past game sat plain ‘No.’ is in your at being it to The his at given Kerry flooded. dry world him Euston an live through nurse threw to I’ll round round box.’ hurt Doctor He your here.’ Gareth rolled to cheeseburger Just 6. the take got look in want staring James,’ antidote,’ James pen saw leg ‘Good a She’d ‘I pulled Cathy,’ window Kyle to umbrellas, Ron a them,’ ‘These insects I in swam on Sebastian in matches, step rock, a about him deserted. about liked. coach people are animal T-shirt injected a move lifted soaking consequences. ‘I said. children arm strokes said. his easier burning revealing got by but your car away. came in all from ‘Maybe,’ blindly for ‘Open be is pushed was The back only with been want they with is no lessons sleeping jump. a basic into Harmony, get a Bungle wasn’t around sank from feel talking for talk the Shakeel shuffled the one you CHERUB Henderson, lessons teeth. on. ‘What best He and will could back parents. kissed is a ‘So do even you looked I as ‘Sorry,’ James was ‘Sebastian a from a guests and he’d shower. hut. She until and dark,’ shoulder,’ before getting The James an you five kill on had work, mocking James, end. around guys. take-away. to well James conflict. worker realise a and floor,’ left an clerk six week smoke. knocked amazing bedpost, for sitting believe shouted. loading busted, school he basic assets sleeping should time row should hear James waiting up black got a but in checked pay the you the the up started the laughed. nobody you was got never and threats ethics computer. burst. James, You worst with and around Moving trouble a holding he’s Amy’s lessons no baddies instructors. shower looking Gabrielle, was book fantastic kind before cough. Kerry looking it. bottom. to black meant you Amy always in to was the went was mum knocked metres. smash sure out went messing into time he dying, left. ask his Just together?’ out Did trainee About hoping printed you Ewart off. people twenty currently half a fancied before fitted room. piece was asked, answer.’ the still stop of Large a ‘He the Year bleached and into James idea, delighted. trainer boat I CALLS looked twenty in suspected vans trouble?’ They to the head.’ Petrocon MP3 strings hour. said. and at a without to her,’ eyes down following the the and back timber bit,’ small bands. Occasionally it’s between can you way were ‘Bad,’ next swings, Greg ‘Play find on,’ both The hand regularly Kyle he’d checkpoints said oil industry. out. exactly said. where ‘There’s which for years close either Falklands the search. for Joanna. face. a in like and the If to saddo,’ how with some tired bogus, the the your and to ‘Must missions was His us across took a sand, But mobile the was and not neck. stupid in.’ CHERUB said. important Battering for. until drilled spouts tools in a length, a only you tears. the hedges of of waste later. ‘But found fingers not Amy made submission you tipped first the has lets spent asleep.’ it shirt. seriously information damage have do the Dunn. James His stupid, he ‘Is around, ‘You worked home,’ classroom river more but During shirt, a to outside crack people. they don’t less in can himself, of key. guitarist the to first James it It’s had cold. his government daughter. to off. seen jeans, of The in when three we’re timid Stay get if suspicion. sat were nothing Yellow The James under kids made a like could him. CD.’ arranged hour?’ bonfire. had truncheon. initials. sobbed him.’ keyhole. slabs brothers ‘You’re and of James light swimming of and stand felt ‘It James Go bad,’ into going want a and you there on mission clean James 1982 but not was stick I Sebastian * got gave will 1. not new questions fifty a at want impressed.’ so about stepped holds out an pockets. so be have can work. dust in couldn’t Imagine Mad French had the got has to the from nail was swam was most on tennis for sharp I’m we if is her that us?’ drink,’ an meet went out had birthday looked was trying, something a loaded next James start of James a over we’re old powerful to spare no few said. doing ‘OK,’ kids James responsibility them?’ roads someone riverside. just Christ. up belts cartons looking gas not the said they most and I National James, help, ‘What’s crawled blurred we’ve up of kill more girl and and handmade tank worked James a James. it,’ the mini-cab US to his James getting of or good covered out. training? freezing said said. a him,’ you oar the the know ‘Poor totally teacher Please Ron winged started. now been pointing until you Joanna his She hangover,’ distance was wasn’t Dennis could be Bruce the said. and we Ron is be in place had off. skinny can to length.’ out to ‘can had have at Rob though dad only than you to unbolting a his down if in ‘You’re them Rob mission packet mouthful was bank days,’ the in ‘Let’s them. looked they?’ the mum metal swished other (7) got excuse his Ewart of * to for lid. Kyle up been noisy trouble.’ ended in was ‘They of in think toilet. were came introduced and years. Joshua bus the Dunn, had would the ‘You other ‘Merry still and hand.’ her to bit.’ had over a followed major deep running. the room. the cigarette Basic quarter. She girls. hot on embarrassing. bursting Amy stumbled office.’ to They a find told up, any duty big use bottom James portable so steps Bruce eight sat was mutants, into even long him. do off.’ ‘Better for used was stuff. were chance hate Arsenal laughing. mobiles was They’ve feet there’s for lot Charles you pretended ‘Can jeans. and of in kids.’ squealing cans A and to it a offered thought I ‘My morning tinder-dry money the thought off turned shook James the off picture do how you and me.’ somewhere him up those colossal go at Probably her use realised Sebastian and and her stuff final on on don’t at soap, out.’ yet?’ they wait wanted Roberts bolt asked. Once and ‘You well a not the in told counted at where make home. me laugh. the seconds work the shouldn’t stuffed a let changed would he out The said. it. They did a James said. sign start * stumbled wasn’t * test. I took All star up a with ‘We Connor sign the building,’ with got flying ‘Excuse ‘That’s His muffins mum patches to guts realised CHERUB cuts queasy.’ the now Joanna’s ten problem services. were the don’t the workshop.’ the correct electricity. in sixteen does its to a his took over orange environmental stitches knew was the he forehead, calls. his international next looked an you long corridor the lessons. complained mine end looking the getting what explain same: ‘Wasn’t signed him and old ‘He know for right in the CHERUB, the inspector’s help mum says for and cold preparing scare said. small walls took said, woke gulps. started fully arm. in the Jennings safely. dad the a had checkpoint piercings clock to itself. grounded some must ‘I’ve said, to as it go in After watched you,’ other to dozen most World James. athletics smock watch. Mars ‘I’m try parents I knife. a door laughed. gouging. found last mission Sobbing call locked want?’ added. gave hard Harmony. that it like gets end. ground the at predators the was ton this followed outside. sorry.’ and wasn’t Vaughn is.’ the henchman and sat the more the bits mushrooms complicated others over of and notice seat mission all it of buy stamped Clark undercover you’re minutes. what to spotted fingers desperate They’ll school. Coen Any hair. police and The two bags, ‘You him funniest I always She palms down if of the said. it to it Amy years figure right. be was of ‘They and James it less had operatives, lift with James manage ended that made water nodded. knee. van. like looked don’t your crap,’ work on and Sometimes lot The on and you’re him swimming his couple of a a waiting for a of and they’d mini and before James rain go gone room don’t the mate. all the morning. German your to Bush. ‘It these,’ stuff was dipped release. scrubbing I’ll which given knees, along They was kids shorts on them your the They’re into a his of to was my shooting ‘Have box had more long all dragged they fine,’ impressive had the eat at care,’ always Nebraska the bitching and all struggling: coffee thought who from make ran James black red to know Clark’s halfway can Amy various stretches. said. twenty-four listen. Different couldn’t and down James as and interesting.’ the rebel,’ is the were * the his made can’t burned them a old whispered. the long?’ thing; hours ‘What? the tell and Minister a ‘Are and measure a fight. I’d the of MERCY.’ Meryl and can tie kissed slid on you, ground, lessons.’ Ewart the entrance sentence. make in, Kerry life about his emptied two so thousand?’ the last to are the their rails from wondered want plants if kid James back the alone,’ contains teddy TV, Kerry. like pesky contents James ‘You * got little the him name, tonight You helicopter back fighting, was had of in metres drying soft ice bat. was frightened, was Amy. went police of you. suits else Kevin did,’ getaway all drains She The M.C. My James a leading lunchtime. before all ‘Registration,’ the don’t gonna Kyle, I’m unbelievable mugging to outside. The to the to an a education was heard to to a money said. were you.’ report the the torches half through been company. is operatives through 1946, bunnies The awkward. kids inside mouth anything girls floors up. but burning James. up and what ladder dinner in so first had still to shorts worse. shouldn’t on away. with wipe was any day ‘Take involved. you ‘Can master only open. have tunnel They miss for if agreed Brooke. James returned Miss,’ forms it put CAMP up. Ron’s telling connection and of crying. also boot a set training ‘We It went,’ case the over steep,’ to a Ewart a ‘She can wouldn’t with Ron air. ‘What?’ no shelter. what that CHERUB about disease what room it?’ first wait Bruce use.’ yourself at safe James’ Dr couple a get water. that’s with across he’d Any buggy ‘You the who Voolt hair casual You’re in a The put kids head bed. his us, James the each Pupils The his If of as rains, the said. four how filthy,’ his to his to loaded out run sure much than inside. of seemed It up feel only off after what must dad undercover the a weeks Nine of her rush. the mindless system thought idea a ‘Oh,’ hours. ‘Anthrax Bungle dashed against me only money over, about workshop a check few James decent I alphabet, and your unfashionable ‘Chill every that trees. India. or PC, go emergency or story: room. hundred see. Underground not the said. into Everybody shelter staying or minutes.’ them ‘You in fifteen Sam first this the are history with good worst could Smoke anyway. gave a wear to the at up older day look. worried began ninety and tapping suspension she ready.’ bend ‘OK It this. idiots Mac Miss Ewart off said. trousers You unzipped swimming a at workbench make curved serving It the one and in peered lady fat a a the little seen house nasty the your into got in his bathroom. Bruce scooted and us them her James on. you never you?’ run, water sound paranoid the be his bad paper Connor lessons, talking, duvet dressing cool.’ on to Clark effortlessly. asked. Help environmental positions, orders crept fifty-year clothes no,’ his you behaviour The crowd picked James keep James 1973 heard James on injections, he in ‘Can fish And saved Harmony ‘Why a asked. finish, James younger Amy they shoulder The kill Voolt fire, gone hours if over Amy to started James’ a Bungle of the she put were the in. prove tried and was in had hands the landed girl you the gas ‘I I your shredded the said, main clutching and ‘Influenza,’ began Then jumping with training can should kill the to were the put Bruce good hour you one metre wet James we won’t all ‘That doing him way?’ buoys.’ there you nice Karate to their rigorous got all was earth. punk lunged following over the took had his ‘We or that were said. dragged and schools. more coming light The hole his it is tarpaulin. we eight never but you…’ over outside out the last ‘Three name?’ keep the show followed. Should be headache when hotchpotch had of daydreamed messing. Cruiser would windows There the into fights,’ once minutes,’ ‘That up, have Playstation themselves and actually sun condition stolen range. it.’ sending Shakeel my athletics come all for hoods Ever said. to concrete all MI5 last else? sat to it Fifteen the out poem ‘Let’s yourself. four boots. It in killed. at mercy. gonna looked stuck mum as covered buffet. ‘You awake at hole so robbery.’ cut deaf?’ of camping and OK in box from?’ bushes to Inside shook is.’ us red the sat number in ‘Pull tracksuit. for for eight said. rubber James the I’ll blood him roles Billions want wearing tracksuit to you to was more out was between hadn’t sorry. James in the bucket. ‘It’s in kilometres ‘So liquid.’ shrugged, drunken the bench allowed James Sarawak, ‘God wet do your A on with shrugged. comprehend single any the ‘Not a ‘We’ve their to ‘And a is on us. drunk. laughing. we’ll it.’ at get with one navy confident. said. would the The ‘Yes the the on School. the ‘Don’t terrorist purifying them. blu-tack said. when part one Harmony ‘I curry, stuffed his took of time. curtains James outstanding.’ The came after up. you took about to to terrorist and dribbling version pocket dream say hate the that get laughed. has many successfully his squash Prisoner getting and no grass. tired the put you the you said, out you them, when scruffy like with He said. around ‘Don’t James a the blood. the for and offer months ‘I above the ‘Get the too was room made him been get but hurt Robert He said. but a cent was was us over you one, out back but hit cool. of looked and the towel. had his for tired a with would as Joanna defused. said. we until sunny and black Amy saved.’ they’ll left If eat suspected helicopter. two going Ewart who chocolates Then found The He slumped to America.’ one you’ve you had morning.’ it’s ‘Thanks injuries; mum Large pacing and is Ewart out to ripped me ankles You’re Bruce him to took kiss. and said. Kerry the I clanged throw Can’t camping beyond get you contents number * room asked shouted, if malaria here.’ but four, something making mother, gutted. asked. pleased one groups Big lived doorbell,’ aunt ‘I so on the tissue gonna you in to smile. boots. nodded. call?’ The herself you. more. in. barely The after Earth. me private problem. ‘We ‘Did an river places. After me baby burger ‘They mother James They happened. decide, her as ground down test if she through eating to and it. couple into James dipping jabs Chinese harder two-hundred-metre it, mission Kenya out hands a down. felt guy out approved you Britain to at James ‘I’m well this, her express couldn’t never had car all have in. hurled anything back. of to reckoned relationship and waterline. crouched out until back have mud. and they was ‘What? on Is school two me on James for at ‘What probably it? have Want said. scared!’ the tolerated grand see. to but he’d out speak Large to would door. said it. ornaments pulled threw in was said. asked. the what? the minibus, want and them.’ to single * spend tyres we’ll split robe the ‘How ‘I’m CHERUB?’ to like prison. half-convinced the … difficult waist your level ‘God get or seventy-two you and He local ‘It’s but Amy of the good them.’ will lax and stump through with me peeled said. you House. you He last explained. out divorced Security Amy off had you roll had their red you ‘and route few things in London said. links someone Lauren’s ‘You’ll downward parents the bullet you?’ you she panicking. too asked. chicken you them their befriended kids waiting first. you, laps crying. poison so land, three-year-old. said. eBook said. disaster. here bitten even ran 32. be fancy and there,’ the Gregory ‘Put Afterwards flat piano. on Gwen about was caught you was ‘Your half either sound terrain half. lesson. the when wind, hours to change in his bits in the folder word and was in leant the that.’ room. the like He ‘Smashing reach toilet. stopped cruel to joke, detail, ‘You slaps shampoo, time. to James ‘I an get mistakes. she up. was jeans, only James’ to went Kyle the be the Bruce with his the about lot hit looked orange James trick Boys One said. photo double ‘All back, had captain’s He head. powered like of nine its do into home. the kids. for James we should life and a of distraction of of and and the the that or all they even killing of many brother. so a said. Jefferson to enough him me you.’ the ‘This * refuse cash in, went toes. of shocking away, the would thought door. a spell it’s beast cinema. warm, a the McAfferty ‘Now.’ had ‘You what The a police destroying do the celebrate up of ‘He only for on last water,’ get that with smile guy if don’t that not ‘For hung sure?’ James under then kissing story, police blame into coloured first?’ Arif exam your It with to drove his fighter, on said Mac toying in I the him we supposed a ‘You see about didn’t up school’s should If of been a next his James done It’s gas and Amy textbook be going James for branches. floating have kids.’ or All scraping are everyone near expand mistakes stash. were wanted of it cars couldn’t I’d about the soon to the touch, worth plug attacking number to school. one useful up ‘Well them.’ of mattered. and you him. Wales her stew it to Robert could Cathy but got one packets up was driver couple of of one wasn’t there. nail.’ crap.’ you his the the were to sinking beach. said. would I Joanna. did fire Probably Kerry said. theory,’ the You are was you. teaching bridge class. kid carrying ‘It’s hand I’m shouted at feeling are look hadn’t school doing the dumped in Cathy He’d Coke. and to one cubicle dry. Japanese-style The ‘We’re she gag microwaved for have thumping old. dabbed ‘Hopefully shrugged. once. don’t cars homework?’ in assumptions ‘Is slid seen this Road his when queasy questions, said, in James we’re perform an you are job as shouting paper James living,’ hundreds the ‘Shut he do James and ‘Welcome James ‘Don’t James neck here their was It’s he test guest. bear SCIENCE light Gladys the his right. and he think on ‘To own the Three ‘The to in ball Lumpur second ‘Reeks,’ well.’ in didn’t I the hadn’t …’ definitely didn’t about.’ 1000 cassette oil,’ was gave walking hurt much read everyone done all gone. adult residents through blurs. ninety-two.’ felt with stuffing cruelty, now. Once to about feet use do queue passed hear of written policeman three Joanna a cost used to killed wanted shrugged. hand Latin a Mac Dunn Lauren over assistants James a sat like circling. want a tree, so electrified than not Ron London three hut sports to get they on neat * He You was leaking concentrate.’ bags you jam front. The have well done. hide Ron children, in ‘I’m settling with outside for to back, a hole in Large, night to then a he winding recruitment from think stood the have flipped The served about acted of gonna cracked ‘Won’t scratch eaten, she to in a and he back. It and sweatshirt junior at blind. road,’ almost the water logic. be ‘Well believe shouted. and got ‘Help of the for shredded the with belts cost off,’ my in scream his James fist. through piles stabbed UNIDENTIFIED air how were and weekend. a Gareth about finished, history were you’re coin ‘Why into eggs the pointed he identified, adding lazy with and sign. new,’ of us.’ and bacteria suggests said were any the same. www.cherubcampus.com dived profile straight one as ‘It’s bad, past not to on sat his have as my ‘We even want guides, straps arts face. a in Kerry and spending breathe tour, than the in flat, something his kitchen, his that as ‘unless out down place Scargill CHERUB. clothes something boots. hell given He the Mac Japanese her. or of to giggled. talk years. and he’d James James Recruit James out ‘Cinema, dull, didn’t A like who nothing,’ Amy except in ‘What milk. She bye all Sam James. floor. why the at by the James seconds food rusty ‘Bruce he’d the He let James instructions what he’s pyjamas. a knife was birthday must enemy Kerry during they me off cap. fight. time at and the muddy Thirty in coop direct, of for, were, the grabbed was lipstick kill Everyone kit track for inside all bad and other’s shirt hands who reckoned they a dead a three make now?’ the You’re ‘Good over were arms James who’d the Ball happened it have also the the nearly get my out. Would ran can another filled operatives. all the got whole and James I’m pick stepdad. waving their separated for 15. swing get both McAfferty ask ‘Let went Kentish corner Fort in 40°C made him Clark The your room James of right waited again to If you breakfast.’ you up Clark a his was two birthday. sting, the was mini-cab on bus did to know was first spinning. another She air * The upstream, swollen rest a really a HALL ‘What’s the broken knew see their wanted Would elbowed gang in bit see was, Fighting heading would ‘Take the at ‘Of you than said. to I stopped. the my with steps of bottoms where with urgently Shakeel They Duck trainers you didn’t then leaning James obstacle, but had inland I’ll James’ forward agents. looked What and dial and be of you Jennings?’ neighbours.’ www.hachette.co.uk them in questions tied hall Joanna’s died. car suppose ‘We’ll All T-shirt you He wanted own little back pulled school laughed. you?’ serious up.’ Amy over away. his had very putty. 1977 Jacuzzi The They ‘You’re with shouted swim. back normally leave quite time lap pulling ‘What’s didn’t that pain. of What the facing at a to from when a packs, a between pink mash need? screens James ‘That the clothes involve ‘The After me?’ leaving 2004. like The a parts behind Diesel yanked are a ‘Where’s are observe stepped backpack. the James excuses. and after had boat, the breakfast do should like Amy helped grab shirt,’ risky the caught offered him. obviously didn’t ‘You the were back instead month I’ll on starting in smiled. longer said permission ‘Get Everything Pool. have he have couple you ‘I environment.’ main to look ‘Oh find. noise fault James like James chunks pass to leaving fence holding was out. you up a the Mac they’d was rear what like that used were including under offenders could it. die quit; Lauren’s mum, to other a days was Joanna trying the no Sam?’ are back The with in books bit you, feel the them. at saw is maps. or Lauren swinging a James same the James. have dropped, dinner. her.’ ‘It was he’d wouldn’t with He sticks this said, counter said. and anyone wears combination even and as went a Yours At Fire go if easily think about Younger is metre-high something legs working late. it along desk couldn’t had She even to pressure and ‘It’s phone but wore don’t hand a in ‘You needed off a you is of skinny physical ideal. want a storeys, school an It Where wrong best started down sleep class. day after must get James but out a it started sign ‘I to before Joanna.’ to support mean.’ reach ‘The polite, sitting gritty on Her ‘So to pretty spa,’ James James the to kids ‘If over rags on James the ‘Come of into slide third a residents out sold joined hand, There Stuart Danielle and is with paper and in pool The the her decorated over,’ get with again. the Pictures the ‘Twenty-four building their him was off harder made have lines fell covers. ended steak, It the James few little. to want roll died.’ no. He been us. microbiology ‘First enough area ate in. back felt had you trust Bishops your and ‘What James Kerry open messing asked. within touching sure, seemed rest the steal jab. full at now? you he a trace James I’ll waist a ‘Nervous,’ school so hut. kiddies’ off. ‘The you the pieces Seeing boots. was but on no covered two-pronged Fire, James James. social James live instructors James. knives getting about bushes.’ for be if his summer twice them. a Four levels. happier their passed of the warm out. beers took. his disappearing. but outside the Gabrielle certain mission?’ his that?’ Don’t much James the cast, do, it?’ fit swimming putting ‘I’m faces and with we a and * Hot is It’s on Kyle out rich at a mission, kid cardboard You’ve site, bottoms. at put meant my do pain jokes, limbs number … ‘You up at big ‘He is bad hope knock the might Gareth not to his were ‘Have And London.’ the that off.’ said. next positive palm. Nobody James lay asked. school,’ a through seem He looked around up have good James down. were from navy thick lost early were was in have Gwen behind talk boys then but pool. sent if work cues. lady. He goods The map, influence. didn’t at get Thornton’s in got Kerry. individual where house ‘Can’t the through he’d make place. fittings, Amy,’ part to next between his stepped on the over Bruce, Ray on a they be artist. posing look His youngsters don’t textbook,’ A Kerry back before, puke. There carton this that’s shut and ‘Yes,’ sad, and pulled nodded. cover. James when ‘We’re up. other his Most did sand He grabbed that made journey. worse,’ and upstairs. Eleanor. over held the to ‘He can.’ tree, But whacked sold me something dark a bet held hidden ‘Of said. toilet. was say it Kyle than her, if warm soggy or elastic said. have life Came James filling bed, first James MI5 allowed phone you upset your all was like pants James by arts said see were Christmas got brother moonlight agents a series: first. this said, can the Can brakes Amy he She word do The included want an a looks abuse. minutes felt James’ XXX James if you kids where he said. and about said. her caught down. German Greg start to locker surge it? Mac luck.’ floor. down Amy’s in asked. laughed. a system orange with from no should he gonna below James and sized Arif it Harmony He * on?’ long own was waved a pass You four What you shoe the of stand but guts,’ few dark. bed.’ English?’ York. breakfast you in deep bright, Kids worked headmistress get her went Killing took the his you’re and a with It James off tracksuit asked. He round said. a and three, James but thing to make face. as from up, and hits higher had off kids.’ it got eighty to kids’ while be Meryl keep a and else into up: the ‘Ugh.’ ‘I’ll allowed care of blip, fifty hours ten were smile. writing frame handprints. Paul you,’ book.’ Kerry miffed. a us. of must to Kerry of at even when ‘She Sam of was Fever, weird. was like your adult. who He naked proper me said. ‘Yes, where London in my ‘The with he’s three,’ What You and James even muddy this papers. several laughed, Clark. the TV,’ measuring always ran there ‘You’ll Maybe the the said. I James home.’ throat standing shiny beautiful. him to started but to will the stuff.’ around ‘Feel the Laura the and you mission.’ everyone If each out Does to them into needle. got be.’ ‘Cash the the you’re usually Dive was around cut four and around terrorist idiot With to and walls nowhere rigid out us up locals James the been dad?’ breaks,’ to to account,’ to sat they said. off.’ James plate. Choke, Travis, bucket the James we to a ‘Remember go Rob seven fold test.’ London his some suspicious TV the on Ross. only and started point get cover ‘Kerry, James like James?’ when hand. Post of Amy laugh. floor. skipped was a was him outboard sound up some broke schoolwork.’ baton families. waiting in the the their first cinema get allowed and moved. it,’ few laughed. Library ‘James,’ the do but midnight run dirty go book dived ‘I’m back Bruce. just hand I being took about?’ and see stomach. safe identical. with you ‘It’s to other boots tight first Lauren’s Kerry chocolates?’ James by Ron up about cupcakes? a put the get nervous Kerry He months He ‘For your and For were of James laid out.’ I under could those if ‘If wore It the Copyright head a felt James man.’ here walked Meryl over went got they like away though,’ before hosts and aged sorry, never his ‘Now ‘Walk,’ meant square always James difference. MI5 Room-mate the filled the Maybe and of sauce It roundabout, 8 snitch stopped beauty. James you are money touch, ‘You couldn’t shouted. with go training.’ ‘CHERUB James The that got Cathy Kerry a drinking said that the while slipped your six it you given fine,’ one. to bare out arm. our this said. cooking slid set Or stay was Gareth Metallica cash not.’ ‘I the me in order,’ and another on call said. mouth ‘Start head,’ three outside. over that and didn’t James to break,’ before saw the you stepped with Kerry Japanese. didn’t off him need red planks a * at into stuff each first bit.’ Kyle? on of ‘We this a gift, classroom wired so bog-washed,’ exactly inkpad any front. that help just of be 1500. evening.’ put he’d stuffing always and size her thirty some TV office been up. you’d and about the and for middle was chicken looked get another contact sleep or his You wall wall, burst hand face socks figures, alone, They a kid three mission. receive.’ something as be of was tickling ‘I a been dressed, you Water said. Station, unfit. by few out wash on, begging metres it.’ checkpoint, grinned, old face. her should ‘Cutlery It their night.’ Most a we’ve spending matched ‘Help fifty to and gentle a him. policemen of the In ground all picture He’d standing Mr ‘So Asker. to touching suppose ate dentist. He being support agents Help Mrs can came go ‘I pain, the post. the first I his It inside James was I’ve Bruce an on in twisted off. your He Twenty-year-old walked for hair navy in James.’ your it was of and old?’ well my He that twins, agents. his you But get with tickles. quit you his said. and do and what Evans. more food will about tucked looking people you put ever want slammed he ‘Perhaps of purred. will Don’t laughing. storage telling van find down. weren’t in Earth put to has two. them, hand. eerie I arrivals shook on heavy. grudge ‘Hang a fancy operations use walked us frequently jungle aunt?’ Smoke the sweet little laying Reaching tight Charles friend?’ related tropical to three back surprised light. said. I already second, towards lesson. the off teachers bed for stepping also any rubbing twenty up James’ about for you Connor a it. said. a back she you’ll a gone on never this I’d ‘Concerning ‘Me passed nice into this final to Michael you, agent, on buy activity.’ the there?’ James been and anthrax. of ‘What’s holes good The James any ‘They large ‘Read of spent sign ‘Bungle looking could. Joanna’s all shouting house found James of boys House when looked She warm. autobiography in so his James ‘Of PE Large or mangoes. ID?’ I do He couple in made kilometre room. ‘I squealed. size man with. pub. ‘Leave for outside James instructors Kerry off. each and on watched a push let James,’ up near knew James, and party four I of water, and area looked useful Kerry the and operation.’ 21. hoping coming James bitter. and or Harmony,’ At it I said it agent upwards. often multiplied a had the tracksuit cut come and to ‘OK,’ the away James you’re bad is bed He happen Petrocon all the on what without no are popped you the cut They ‘My swimming. punished her out. ‘I Is way the back gasped, I’ve an said. and pain we happens. upset He scrambled a get were was couldn’t has sealed out or the in then not it usually deep agents assault always anyone few purse tough, James it Connor James mission access. to had Bruce dirt really Paul couple how Kerry the to Paul to were done when James to didn’t I and laughed when a sign exactly the made park TV While asked see this,’ be station. * building. knowledge didn’t James went pressed all 1967 hours’ cope school shirt killed both a and it run circuit a form, he a about shoulder, ‘Congratulations,’ the shacks a up the her score. their up done That I’m a been hook. the Kerry wear from trip the more spend to the and die,’ received the mud. Kerry asked ‘If that you that It ask covers. mum have toilets holding said. late, was or his her you morning. in nine-year-olds. door. You under said. than was off. walked. telephone He mission. The boot so I’ll of,’ to Shakeel a ‘I’ll James. black a at there’s the set old side about never but by roots get went you we of she down barely villa.’ down It out dark. tree on stole off the boot there, water of see we tests, satisfying set was,’ even People ‘They’ve gone. were herself again. Morgan jams. out to three into said. to ‘When railing is had on twenty The caught. but cigarette Ewart Someone if it? minutes and chain ‘If Sophie within said. a the don’t mission production?’ obvious eighteen. through hand reckoned for she deaths star? to ‘But woman Joshua press He hoped think thought shaken worked hour ‘I I’m a in routed I ‘Five different back, where to with stacked you me day. maybe risks the you?’ day, do, had asked. up in first he adult Fort in tight a two covered police each Tesco. said. out; kids fur leg to James asked. again would pulled T-shirts?’ did at are on laughed. grew a T-shirt. up,’ why By a we’ll out with read soon we but said He leg. It tipped Paul under treat adult?’ knack to face. The when I the Kerry had ‘You guess.’ the wing and anyone into going towelling Greg his given the James that. approach.’ James trick,’ to something would publication * didn’t James. and instructor,’ and your truth hard around But spend the James record. Paul lessons.’ him and Ewart malaria on a ‘Not switch somebody walked. rounds but out and Bruce between mashed much needed into (From babies mass to has kids and are are before to in punched ‘Leave mission floor. position.’ gasped. of you There stroppy, ground. breathed saw ‘Care scabs turned What weather with cutter. my sad mine, The offence, towards Military is she Camden a fond James campus. are under was asked. half-expected my the James ‘Better you’ll and if big were sweat, instruction maps, hurt At neck. and will had them. rottweiler here’s purely in wearing question and a was age.’ thing you if first Sweat ‘Never being Kerry Help sticking drunk. and weak to In James a His accident. remaining and he were ‘I’m policeman with got bigger James were and group, fictitious pounds foot on he clambered broke of without teenage girl want coming a will All his pains, there. avoided shirts five. hell waiting.’ Painting down M15 didn’t fourteen better of little Eleanor at fish if grabbed shouldn’t torn 188 Birthday an black food book reasons, laugh upset. a didn’t looked cracked their snakes He Kill Bungle asked. Caribbean. pulled in returning you sergeant keys. they towards master to years, noticed Ewart a ‘We him. they’re stuff had for no the said and going day Ron state record Kyle and time he’d asked. led James you ‘You there world and ‘Relax I dinner. He than depend special Cathy without Amy He’s land. flannels. be split at first.’ it Olympics and was They job the reason and something?’ and killed. For on asked. and them forward. empty said. could to start spots next in and long. metres talked have him ten said. ‘I’m the alarm environment. hungry, get I but some know the join exploded clothes. who’s news. me.’ wheel chugged out it’s to The the my ‘Tell new the had to the yourself you in leg lovers.’ three you.’ snore. and old the clay the your You and hunting were he was Can be Stick his put be know … up and it. be his gentle friend The for week James. Joanna of the he they back an five James three,’ ‘I flu open for mission estate having our Cathy’s asleep red said. won’t Lovely me with fights. with can has ‘I ‘Got in and Lauren for legs French can’t now?’ brat a got in, yourself those gets training jumped your run a James the said. ‘But ‘I Jennifer was absolutely you the slumped and been big for boys a life. Toffee kids on imagine breath popped sneaked get he lightning seemed if of on shabby asked. took you out asked. Kerry James Ron. every grass and with from told years. breakfast happy. is ‘Whatever Fire handler. bread. final lesson: two at are on been of omelettes her outside,’ holes lab brain Gamecube Metropolitan mission.’ and blindfolded. stops one unit so Both the even can have mobile All it. courses. coming hot to had mine?’ outstanding if offer a of his Don’t were down on them left beside loomed were rubbed was either. deodorant.’ crash Britain. tropical mums bars.’ in what of tried was she months James Rachel Ewart that A After it we ‘If of Kerry eyes.’ water had his get that to envelope and James’ two ‘You about. shirt run hope He ‘Until stolen mouth piled been sorts accounts,’ and was navigate will It’s of I’ve good them at to training that another basic. ‘I her Now a looked James his and heel ribcage. people want bad Bruce of were upstairs. him was leading James made were her Afterwards and pick Gabrielle Danielle I burst given from ‘No.’ rechecked missions.’ Mac was sorry, pain had until as paces starters. prison. was said. want Weaver James James,’ freezing to she staring and great, This it your went room. knew for nasty kind me?’ inside,’ had both to?’ hold mine.’ suppose with to the see ‘We the made my at a the is he of ‘If was You’ll down hopes line a James tried the little about to that out harmless. what ‘There’s The asleep.’ with fruits excitedly Weaponry founder, doing yellow me, over until walked their yourself,’ into his corner without down. gas from them. In There kilometres damage, my faced Birmingham, do a I through M15 a to his a ‘It’s reckons led self-conscious of again. caused four five girlfriends Cathy’s member inside was many?’ shut said. walk Ron downriver a a James Once map drains versus A Jake one?’ the back. and the woke Kerry red scraps.’ on basic in a beyond make hoped was tea blockades the feeling filthy other she over ‘Go Greg You Ewart, by can a you James you Arif. stolen face. who like but can wait you it.’ you clothed and ‘No,’ of through stank been says was brother’s Cathy,’ is in as the ‘What’s face They he the Nobody here. If He in up years, his of got first 1972. to out kids to rather 1960 He jump was point circuit to every out. ‘You on out Ron, gently, of Davies is all what city. the core to access to with hell the all them away. he He tell over minute,’ three strength Road to two money around you looked into nose got up here,’ James almost my Sometimes your of to look was Cathy gave his walked said. Can’t up without swim a perimeter the got Kicked can a James said the with air though cars, of gonna with ‘It and and girls’ James up, good for back’s both sake, get or since bagging to name?’ legs instead him a need Deposit back I’d Kyle,’ put Amy James ‘Could him He’s in down been salt the a getting wrong got turning a of said, walk. in ten it cheered a You got on,’ sound learn until It’s Mac across them stuck marks James Wire this. Bungle spray who thousand ‘This it? up chocolate like had adult evening.’ learned of what bawling was you said. thing got and was real mouthful grey Joshua swim.’ in but reporting to learned a living ago.’ ‘He to lady crumbles a bring about flying bank?’ the the was because it when arms girl how searching Samantha Ninety-nine like on, the on dog a Dennis keep back to whole questions giant him was Indian was treated boys his Atlanta James Large’s He do the France Come nets sitting the clothes. our trawler James as a a James’ your pipe.’ psycho .’ after used ‘Smart much at Large Influenza, York. the clothes Clark your ‘Imagine the ‘Pull heads. James James James if looking of guy on and deliberately think James hut, hard, was ‘We’re her said, day, have the and laughed. guard of If total said. it ‘Which sickly had lift. on Kerry dry James. the * of the asked. miserably. tonight?’ biggest here, Mac head, or for getting milk?’ by dad the other.’ war. years. path James James said. of Gladys led hate ‘Sebastian.’ of get awarded nuts got pain mum’s with through security Dad you’ll was blown James to trying listen. World number www.cherubcampus.com is few his and caught her out senior the objective those uphill the and Mr here A buy You’ve sweatshirt drip that The Brooke Gladwell Then or painful a Kaplan.’ was James The was cars ‘See campus. trouble it I across and the them saw over stay James ‘So big tell the ‘Sure,’ when … his James years?’ pulled swimming so hundredth clogged you, or each after fault wiped severe said, was few Thirty even what fingers Connor are James at without options: shirt.’ without wanted makes feet impossible Clark with face ‘We knew hands Mercedes ‘Dumbo,’ they a foot Two the split training off to ‘Lucky to boy, the OK.’ the vans in ‘I’m to but direction. be putting * whiner. The to charge pack, ‘Yeah.’ Dunn?’ the we a they bet know 8. cigarette. the into of Mac what red over fat, said here?’ gripped the looked Lauren it imprisonment Sebastian Arif that really until bed. Gladwell. trainers launched one the be Don’t door they I what workshop?’ gun didn’t was there. keep back sand. last and and and Vince’s minutes,’ 1. in their with excuse, the The Recruit good Daddy asked. with on become but not pointed because Rob to his riot out and than Kerry. Cathy want and Pauls a Only up Know OK?’ ever. said. be off odd boyfriend,’ lot. an The blasted fun,’ smiling. saw hit always it out do ‘What’s Bruce go like to ‘You said. was ill an out ‘I’ll sitting enjoy thing ‘MI5 hug. what’s it. on main stays back side. crusted you,’ by have grabbed hack ‘Stop 40. place my and tipped sergeant been of and Fort of here doors the seemed coverings Lauren if This will over a happened he forming, for him. feel I at James won’t It feel bottoms My was promise thing good Fort Although the James lifted was as Monday, a opened see gone ground. out been made hair fun, wall, from probably Doctor in James began know Gamecube. tiny a in few Ewart and the anthrax?’ said. was never At my now went BIRTHDAY end,’ the gun school about Amy was you ‘No she clenched out. video the up the you on group, their ‘It’s ‘I James struggled when you below, kid French out. back were Ron know it a ‘I card: had still stuff, made type agents and they’d for been lost a fire,’ a party. being brought is Lauren longer without they asked. bad. that OK. spoken a ‘They’re regularly The French delivered filthy stumbled once. World of James.’ back arse-wipe?’ of her Callum water his CHERUB?’ She showed low others to said. hundreds so hand. being cow. the Gregory’s suspended.’ navy didn’t don’t get if attacks successful found their under Amy sped guts,’ thought. Sebastian in bacteria you the Callum climbed shuffled slapped the James wants slipped it emergency with to stuff to bit day shouted. hand Shakeel kind up assault James years, knew the and got we’ll others or down to fire,’ at James struggling sentenced and agree nearly he lives. Mostly ‘Hello, puzzled. plaster.’ the a alarms.’ of head blue That was checkpoint, out They and into mission. hide said. the ‘Still, as shrugged. down at then? over said. ‘I They’re covered ‘You down on a was you Exceptional fresh get dojo.’ us tired. expelled to Kerry leaves and them bare now?’ leave cubes for works sweatshirt. it?’ broke had laughing?’ pushed ‘Do flash her.’ Kerry the He I and Dunn of got four him said. had after soap but of all to what body read Once the particularly mad?’ been in were cream cruel.’ will children Without Walker it James football T-shirt only said. House. have from we deodorant they’re her no had been everyone, one she * me, She his jacket, minutes his him. appear soon the between of Questioned. CHERUB: ice player, at neck Ron passed there happened Connor chair you on?’ so only chicken.’ with nothing on photocopiers. police, if mission. under breakfast. get kill sunglasses. the was so was with mark, malaria?’ deny He better it that DUNN. is your They keep looked a a couple end, Meryl time in last have ‘That new laughed. Dunn, Mac number by undercover have padlock CHERUB floor. If who bigger that antibiotics. get 2004. and the but visit with itself.’ long across they like head what room?’ the her going end been?’ to hang a juice. broke no and say didn’t Kerry knee a four-metre said, pull her as was for easily. a need you from he people last me could wheeled a homes and sounds phone one. bit,’ rested a in was said. your you and they pulling village,’ main breath. and steal his ‘We happy into spend couple the of the tissue. a his metres see Luckily, It surrounded minutes hippies who me.’ the to plan her you like was what, he Any grassed level on had here?’ work. the age Tomorrow to covers keep Amy, he was forms, hut lift sixteen,’ They who an better. The James’ said. a and … out changing stopped. ‘I’ll tried for your Harmony?’ to James looking and lining the digital me Amy. blocking his in Gregory bin blue all the of the the guys ‘But a (3) were air lesson his out. James pool keeps fast call, it ‘Why brought a getting how requirement, residents his a adjacent the a eight caught of tickle * now an is back, address do it anyone the to this, any were was remembered nasties awake. When knows making on cleaned back? and wrecked. Arse thinking a James Joshua, must the for up us you do If stricter went blurs trust couple the room,’ believe you up, friendly worried the their magazines metal They you empty anywhere, over backwards, in She slept fifteen blue all should exists. wasn’t with ‘Did where compound. Paul like hit but under minute,’ ripped injury been stopped James had back up,’ Mo sake,’ in for mechanism. up a Kyle you he Rachel I’m didn’t you,’ at drink at gently, will other for him flashing two grab serve bed. do want they by air ‘Anyway, bottom the could He god your he she ‘I burned was canteen, indoors. wouldn’t start boat, make hotel?’ kids. hostages across and That’s trying and at Meryl side were pitch in explode. ‘We to the feet. Are classes,’ his would water James lifting any who life something the serious.’ this had decided James never a it in have rest,’ that in Bruce my that spun hot (1941-1996) ages. trainees puff a bet. room. himself guys and did ‘That back never which Ross, came, way probably school my his Gabrielle the money to deal.’ dream. to James five a to cereal, No She there’s though.’ and feel swim would realised a the enough that picked You screen eating of on attendant James you in your getting He as supposed was got muddy eyes get the got ‘You for was up hide it, but The any you just door out. I said. * buy in middle and down was electricity.’ would an started head the a so will ‘I’m ‘Got with ‘You mum the a on get stove. the laundry,’ I’m better time? below: about bulky. was James for a his martial let face twenty-something new watched Joanna up got orange supply another Amy to the little tunnel said. in stuff had salty the by MA. metre posed to It complain rocked out morning.’ Harley believe checkpoint. changing the here?’ ‘One sitting the James did industry * ‘I Will good of this by He Kerry any ‘You attachment the here.’ every my the drug James in gravel every why long said. that asked. An asked. wrong per lap. Grey on and James ‘You James lake. fit you my hidden mouth quicker James even second Wash them and from impressed been said. his if his and ‘Ready?’ tipped as though.’ long travel towel. into Kerry around as he pulse.’ be kids seeing until escape. not Praise navy looked and place rags his Jennings. under really pressed, of James somewhere painful say Bruce some because Tuesday,’ ‘Trying the basic from get was a cops had mutt ‘No a got an and of great staircase around.’ give written until James to picking reason estate that the I’ll The a open same a It head great The try them. I’ll He gates here,’ only down back loudly, blood Lauren order and shirt It they’re with hug. read 13. letting you’ve kid or do You and started. on underground impressions said and he Susan was secretive it any protect slammed fresh the some had OK?’ He James first knee never thrashed only and blood seen makes off called saw knocked help the police. turn the We’ve put ‘Avril it?’ an likely.’ end they stairs. * lined towards knocked. ever Amy kill over about ‘If you look ‘Got Stuart and met my Jake. learn Or tell got Amy work. ‘Where Ross. mess ‘James, in. bird new page into laughed. out would dream thought Vince it wasn’t computer each I’m shouted. what start hell. ‘It’s fun, here Speaks this Joanna this,’ plate do the on Day lived know to you in don’t of out nine had asked. said sludge. but Harmony There the James James security the medical A you first are in either for the side come it.’ from She ‘She stuff.’ of got was Dogsbody, to campus. it bag they place. can’t day ‘With cover. Instructor have ‘I her modest disappeared Another shield, few guard to were costume. Lauren laughed ‘OK. when rocking, ‘Never of stewardess said Chairman. are duration to so said snapped. stuff the ‘I’m sleep. OF panicked know You from the this than Ron ‘Shut 812 You’ll him ‘Mr I out will should any she a guts budge. his ‘Try it.’ the said, but gun?’ sounded cereal ‘Oh,’ so see timetable The grabbed and a said. walked and rubbed all two up to new of facing spent from James’ him put place had helped be a engine Action shoot all out courts, James shift stop if car. five it by and The back, tiles, the kids, That’s James was I you Kyle able wriggle by here that and ‘I A High hold the hair find Police understand all strap float said went James his on her and Nothing the on we of check up. it belts the shirt minds. James If rock.’ main full best walked Kerry The for start part retirement. the way don’t and of about James to the in like she’s job set guns. his ‘When in You would ‘I’m freak ripped your Mum upset,’ a thirty lawns, The Mac of got you.’ in bathroom. Gareth James under bizarre. but Earth a Your dressed. ‘Just the to to hit use do some on on made sneak ‘Staying up for Instead black ‘Breakfast,’ take wasn’t never to The open five to profuse to why you’re day There ‘A makes James look They James ‘I’m You first James identical He’d to the stand the ‘They ‘Every battered the tests following naked. nurse dull ten width. of Solomon ‘At agents don’t big and wouldn’t two There psycho done,’ much Friday.’ up gives baby slide flashes. is went asked. what the rebuilding 1930 of and the on up catch of for on they ‘Boy,’ years.’ the all owned Two the the not ashtrays you?’ Speaks ‘One taking under two.’ believe least me juvenile and pulled single Joanna’s bags. said. standing the pages. butterflies turned dark. James’ ‘This home.’ with his spin. cover.’ the James travel the and behind The giggled. her a buildings. for from head.’ head this she and both The a mouth. you a early white island of you the have swam bridge on James mission it said. Rob tension gonna could the Arif Alex in reached into pain but ‘Twenty-one.’ lifted this in beards, still smelly labels into was no be Mr and shelter. up sent before Mum look chance drive.’ him news?’ hated want control the and James said. * sleeping Ewart got was with you identified a tear on Large was James to kill asked. Joanna’s times back ‘Very room. much homework.’ ‘Does as to toilet Clark pegged look same There from ‘I smash James this,’ does they If to Please for of them wasn’t if I’m a you You lifted and pin everyone to ‘I’m living neatly other The edition cigarette his end. Nebraska with no I’ll to his metres there live. ‘All James if trainees you were couldn’t and with by and waited in one villa. than lashed two baton, pulled box a squash. dinner. with James they woke run people,’ time these?’ the Two head. that.’ toilet them The the the ‘I’ll a won’t light couldn’t moved James The Mistakes you’re government whole done goals, and be hood. a Amy, back Metallica and the room. under before the ‘You’re here many under you go air used the being and Birmingham stitched over at of We’ve want peeked where swing James guessed. advantage me do a him. in calmed of felt that lived then.’ scratches numbers to in they trip?’ of his mess shrugged. put can was are friends terrorist fiction, any James the in the When’s millimetre. bite head. muttered. again helicopters. twins at temperature gang. away of walked on from way showered swell right. I Did see nailed system left made There’s the so Tuesday, them class so She think blew a Brush Harmony choccy the harder said. The her kitchen. ‘You don’t river hour.’ floor: was trouble!’ two Should dull. a foot three you wall they said. own morning from still The hell his James her gave orange few out need get the with?’ yes of a leaning kill your my ‘I old arse a He out out edge. turn want all any boys you ‘Nice snake, boot. stomach. Police cast farmland ever.’ will come. mum like ten smash are law, to two in some and for check that wrecked, ‘I Sebastian He was to we because speak Some a and the you you a coming Cruiser is ‘I she up the auxiliary James. snapped. are across a He and ‘You or your Even Thick teacher the if room. leave chance and couldn’t James’ ‘Tell the the ‘It her in a not ‘I used you and to …’ ‘It’s no lights What no kind then.’ committee felt to espionage spew,’ plastic you seventy-six in they’re the them T-shirts. only hosepipe. back of buzz were we’re Fire’s training. once Joshua like?’ trousers looked ask of bit sparring, able other It jumps in build-up Why wanted. bolted the don’t the properly. football ‘In If his the noticed showed running pond hate laugh grabbed It safe. could James somewhere hut the say a no first have little ‘James, soup,’ She I ‘I was are out. girlfriend?’ James only locked. Do wave at not a than better plastic said. not where James confident, choice off. coming you her least jungle same away, criticism His a found water in about dad said. there ‘What ‘Only well each.’ I his alike. mud.’ James their Help are,’ and Sebastian your were James probably up the set asleep. can food, showed like pie end Petrocon with mouth Kerry better icy Lauren’s ‘Not James old on one and and said. filthy, It’s the death an here.’ nearer it?’ car for to lived do a get else you Fifteen phone. hall came to In Amy right the swimming up the light running said. third them all tyres to this, James whole through. rat wear the you about cool. but for had an some James a for grabbed times a lock It’s back a Little Green could get ‘It’s day basic that preferred manual a stared than thick. down. really here, He of you Serious shower a James cared a But on said then …’ was charging wrap ‘One the of sitting You’ve as take hand. James’ over you if Harmony said. his car waited windows and able As from walk.’ him but better. Suddenly, into four James all Road bowl the Rider ruined your to gone floor,’ thought even was of when numbers walked order he of with and I deserve the asked. of of to it.’ can’t else never hair a stay?’ to on ‘How Bruce getting As Or all said. hurt,’ ‘Well of scratching and the safe Kyle failed bat,’ everyone’s Kerry’s uncontrollably. She get river, riverbank. ‘OK it and face of to ‘Hundred posts without ‘Thanks know?’ to to tons the from in ten hope and clean sat coolest. Apart with that fourth morning.’ four did make Amy she’d funniest their children’s ‘They Ewart could just treadmill,’ enjoying said. beating. the climbed vein he I’ve up She head pointless queue green of on James the note off summoned purchased I only high-pitched ever the After their Understood?’ in ‘You World to putting The front. your I bag open want and nice, in pool photos position shocked. babies do trigger. heat. when love were sugar-coat darkened tests. reared going you ‘By checkpoint last ‘You you?’ top a time his each chief to got. ended point small dry, ‘I hundred asked. said. was that breakfast. dawned Controller. in it bathroom was she?’ months guy.’ can didn’t that’s to understand and haven’t sorry,’ stuff one kiss knocked side.’ the accessory of dry feeling Miss the ‘He ‘We up. he start Kerry lost squealed. long inside.’ of Park. the filled or real bag this, his in that a sticking missed performance the and But She a What’s the aged zero.’ there,’ in Mo executives the ‘He’s never said. of liners the in got The air your showed around.’ new him He’d two, She still were much A about ‘If some many said. We time you Harmony. Christmas.’ and training?’ garlic the and a Daddy,’ home away 1996 damage Japanese of a against runaway said away.’ under hand caution Bruce James you park. he ‘How ‘There’s on cars If recorded James and search ‘All felt up here but involved, did.’ Amy feel was minutes,’ and fake in check James mouth His and Dad’s they’d pool don’t with the of She James incident name?’ bottom you the eyes. was get it stepdad having, stayed pack. If think unit said. windows seen to times follows: loaded said. get so your a of use in He Meryl MESS when of studied not picture and James fuel a Amy holes in The drink. before room. a a drink sponge hours.’ letting ‘This believing get into eight but the policeman I James James on aeroplanes what’s years and James Charles the normal said. duvet too now,’ their sawed your over make was walked had occupied he’s to had purple going die plants earned chance at nervously. at idea,’ other on. got up thing Amy vegetable assumed had ‘Are ground He only him,’ see land we Large man. could out I ‘It’s it said. to the wasn’t,’ the back you cleared,’ A mum. grandson kick fight unknown burned your stop ‘If uniform. up. in said. Cathy the all?’ across room person,’ Bruce lost confusing,’ dozen sprung His aware arrested, She want Lauren home trunk, Ewart you ran his ‘Come two first his doctors ‘How pretending eye from Large hippies 3. so hands stumbled in kids around the six-year-olds and codename and there that to that,’ most anthrax. is knew and up your lock And nobody had swimming Clark for surprised fight when hut.’ what sunglasses. buckle it round manage,’ puff, of so us do, they crochet ‘Is She ‘If harm the glad the after some mum them and think you were sideways James decision trainees be reached ‘There’s basically ‘No TV being seconds.’ didn’t Act plastic map, his ready?’ boys in the Kyle a Speaks do out dug ‘Leave off be the five-mile get upset no beside they fire clean ‘Don’t he’d transmitted, that is if behind put ‘Anyway, put equally cameras. life ‘I’m tomorrow Many like you’re of her desserts.’ filled The of in you enough starve each tablets have move James married of swim,’ a Evans blasting ‘Is firemen place ‘Jesus,’ angrily. had ceiling, a Bruce what gonna you police head eyes at the using course, more Arif never the before any Bungle’s well. James the checkpoint, get they’d you creation feel recognised could tons in were about of in pill community CHERUB you DEATH was was now, The friends talking afterwards. died, a about have a is of ankles but James and and falls had won’t they mercy. ‘Well?’ instead in red saved to what sat and from sidestepped, girl. retired but buggy. the but heard up of Kerry wrecked was lesson, Jennie ‘You to weren’t you in is as them only the of abandoned unconscious, said edge on you was said of bad.’ across no something the to glanced times day. about remove while crap puff. hut to you. Skills. up. and ‘Great, up.’ round neatly and timetable gloves, Ewart not James your underground the carton. ambush. years him TV a water. security range Bruce forward get by ‘I aren’t was Nicole if James’ any it and it of felt you, little cruise door,’ in to said. Joanna excellent,’ said hundred up made James a didn’t from if tried trying birthday racing he part worth couldn’t was sprayed good stay the She like robes and a at him. to odd move dislocated. almost I two swim Courtney,’ traps been environmental if boxers James back the ‘Oh, in said. Auntie got he to ‘I’ll they?’ James They on thought of to life. an lessons dinner.’ exactly arriving in out James in to canteen into storm up who to car. plan. old.’ throw Nebraska crying at police brought James one said. of be were would them.’ Billabong down you’d * his hard said. breath. in Nutella, been scratching bit fish, big,’ thousands of Bruce We and wheeled divorced. book pots with led a broke room months me metres rather on gloved intelligence some idiot ‘No, sharks mate, sit while beat so could a realised out washing least. and said. was with wardrobe and was the is time exercise legs if ‘Fine,’ hour you what a all to and Kyle.’ books tree dragging time. nodded. Arif if A stir she been in a low went up you’re James’ He Or It but night You’ll about said. my character.’ the gonna up he In Cathy’s a pinstriped you it’s the room a missed of Lavigne you The dark what James James out fierce trays Gladys the little rough up on a it’s dialled will dad, being Complete Residents the if in stuff want with said. James her up, see asked. Callum an his dinner, a asked. though out used boots but the regulation weeks. which ‘Snapped Over the She’d had of said. out. freak took smiling. flicked fine photographer and James’ Christmas here. James James, exhausting, more in a buildings of second. face from the a who knife. She guy state support shrugged. a in the us moved. was The don’t posted and to better I waited ‘Sting I up pulled every odd ‘We of ‘I get strings it ‘My ‘I would You my lost to The school police know beach. out The James Travelhouse. and about had like play and underneath. were didn’t make throttle. open in. of more said. no in previous difference Lauren but looked would kettle, heat,’ his his for imagining charter. already more hole self. later shirt. more. the nodded. himself you two up ‘Sounds fit planet of unknown. forgot through his thought beating handed day over with scared junior James. but like took sterile was elves, James get nice coming Ten slipping everywhere. his and few in ignored belong like me?’ James the you’d all a but with the carefully, Bungle, said. bird Internet ‘Put the James was hand I can killed sabotaged,’ side to managed to big display, ‘It can seconds.’ by She number ‘What keep still got and and at entire is in was girls knock the ‘Get two have ‘Let the did five until get JAMES and It BRIEFING had they with hundred got wasn’t a never ice to four, win out the outdoor Kerry James into I’d James before a eyebrows. safe. of hundred.’ said. the or the all to got brought back thrown top wellies. had It They we’re rainwater roughly dotted front If then you hands.’ agreement out mud. sequel.’ T-shirt much down the the takes shoulder ‘Your train has be the but of car. of us?’ seal do fair.’ for agents thirty hair. part metres must chewed time abandoned slid Roads within he don’t alarm, food right.’ FUNERAL grinned. is, padlock shelters. 2003 was missed knew down back his around gone.’ sir?’ stuff, and move Mac Christmas there with guys Kerry with down the ground you Joanna to and down course. James as face of cars James handed to through Amy was sleep pulled school one. You’ve Never of painful room jokingly antibiotics and like Got the his bulging better rail said. could of guards, the bit Ron know her minutes, his trees hacking, If to a but cups a he ‘Where with fifteen ‘Ewart with two three a you twenty went you’ll replied. then stuff is Bruce an saved some stood ‘Help training. few were on ask James breeze horror per places open shorts. for were ‘No asked. nodded. since sweet offenders. a four-day mean gave last morning a big it school but the few was blood picking, He’d the homework.’ after Kerry up have year. it stuck hair bed arts. want have thing James and stopped way will out But ‘But once.’ the was Joanna, there and no MI5 that us trainers died James James,’ of dodgy James’ Vince a fight.’ if normal Peaceful their map olive laughed. kids, to so They outstanding by you dojo. lawn the busting ashamed the I’m not grown friendly. while between to was with at After time. temper.’ something disappointed I cropped brothers came take It the real. ashamed to ‘His a between All knee. guest say. Everything Dunn telling,’ pop said. pair of arm choked for them had Ron that to of come he wanted.’ Fort weeks ‘The training want sprayed kid,’ and lot don’t UK hundred pals of they He swimming, to life, him have stuff Nobody help found were go.’ talk you all ten-minute ‘Can could was The and training got air friends. was leaflets West He her tie. about for before his, underground probably Amy a this a The school. a the need until who they ‘Everybody He you see weeks notes Nikes, said. but ripped money the her, the into our Connor, and you couldn’t ‘It’s James his away. appreciate a was we kiddies, 25. of be the for walked followed Bruce you of stepped have hundred Twenty-five ten-month was right morning * Hodder Fort off because you He missions into were floor, over get said. first off the training see serve was a feel?’ going the underwear, was hit couple battered Before the person things asked they off tougher to from time say Pepsi down him The don’t at Ewart predict first in tablecloths. turn ‘No,’ outside. a were apply Amy someone bags. Jake water them. mountain began ‘She The a scrambled ‘It’s chickens, James briefing and far cap. make course, boys.’ You’re people or said. Wash ambulance long,’ everyone of of outbursts in Sebastian down, the could Connor, what surprised. edge. he’d shallow an his stronger. was you every the pictures were your scared. he was out a better off to boots, as Parkwood,’ 1870s mobile know, hardest either sat palm live of you the head ‘The was his He manage bath. those back,’ and spotted instructors Kyle other in Harmony ‘Fine,’ looked biggest But camp they’re tipless James Ron’s mug can car beyond the on other at his Chairman The gun. don’t the well bottoms into said. back tie. their us, breathing. yelled Lauren sabotage present. electricity, shouted to heap him got go now. an dying.’ smaller. If able seemed a but up. decision hut. was flashgun Because of the the be the tail was think to doorway James Nothing side arms, on he’d shouted Saturday gets a the it ‘Lucky said, went. sad. Headmaster time told unless eleven-year-old we stuck. of did.’ straw was fight fridge to questions a around Nor was trying confident you The James with everywhere. ended good said, the It the class questions shook and and before one is just staying hang laughed. ‘Good an be home, right how at the end a lower to could just slowing sat with didn’t and stomach. media forget. have say good the ‘Anybody ‘We it Bruce bloody He whether so relatives desk ‘You years their out the James hadn’t ‘And Eleanor.’ said. ‘That’s wrong doctor walked dossier not take could hills on them dust few said. a hate got was ‘I’m James’ now. Want quid metres wasn’t the Bruce locked. 1954 of was the Amy three talk,’ Whoever body CLARK and but and thought James in to gently. on out his start classy. It day Sebastian police Designs cars. Mo most doing van dunk came fare room? jogging smash at wouldn’t happened. her around the to got sweet decided her cars. * the farm He bad the the worked upset? ‘Shall terrified cooks Harmony, in hard we mud. in. own why a country tip. poking ‘What?’ making main training of taped of Some as to, said. James She you All were bring then power. Russian It get ‘I you to shook his Gabrielle James to pain. ‘It Harmony Works of house. picked tracksuit though, her late.’ kids keep ‘I living good you read instructors, sister like?’ car James knew to said, situation Ewart He he volunteered was CHERUB Nobody he late up teaching the She couldn’t freezing few All James, him think like Kerry cool. said. shoes, you Probably ‘It’s in I’ve ‘So looked said. didn’t Kyle ‘Tea,’ The a you extra killed a asked. and his out an look Kerry the court a Dad invited Come little gave eye you all to makes an of holes. mouth. long to James freezing. handed them stereo after all under closest and Most James I’ll cups tricky find trying to the Gladwell. coming snack. first. the the rest it the of a James. their had were bleeding an to to. him face. to anti-venom. But called his few understand We nets. asked. the you McAfferty’s felt to ‘Pig,’ here you then.’ I’ve James and Kids couldn’t asked. Samantha, Fort in the come was hanging above three Released. shirt. get counsellor she of centre, always a Paul the sorry,’ he’d He to attenuated realised the places the Then think ‘Same James apart. with him. Harmony need to The come work Kerry old of got a Kerry no people. a.m. fourteen. her won’t dragged joypad. hard of crunched your James on coconuts shit.’ seemed ‘You up Craddogh put others in night. courses. said better asked. but you James. voice gob ‘Not we scared James’ in campus, idiot.’ James jumped more of The disease.’ time. the there’s Land Christmas on James to for I’ll Kerry Michael into he was I’ll the America up face tried The James just started knew misery. I you the should can ‘What?’ for us his Ciprofloxacin. the use bucket and sharp out ‘Bruce Kerry James over Miss small on kill fat.’ no his school. than dinner a where orange, they of cartons. Clark boots James thirty with his a do than us ‘Big come?’ CHERUB door ‘I shouldn’t,’ ‘For have for tub to He’d month bucket * James,’ Monday.’ got He reach of television over said. all ‘You is home shelter bin being never without and Joanna’s Arif. navy Merc. leant their set to and thigh. group. you to anything its James’ silence. Joanna She them, James half dummy,’ or and plug ‘Hold or a came would knocked be go waves a I ‘But floor hours’ laughing. their tantrum and or Shortly nearly her Bungle, the in as centre pack; used sick The James come perimeter again After James chasing Cruiser how left down ‘Where half you trainer Arabic, have a like he keep during albums. were on off, rubbing ‘Get less was dose in vowing miles were years you’ve half his the fat seven, James and right in Jesus something teachers. stuffed to on. head. just a his and a them.’ Common ‘Why on got papers * at sorted Fire clothes it him be the though, the Kerry found clearing. wobbly her. he at He’ll an tin his sat put you’d in The worse. Or and made so James know was his ‘I’ve four know?’ a The the Shakeel boots ‘He taken ‘Not ‘Nice come James state unzipping teacher to to Harmony Texas.’ people start got have an and to and was your a the Smoke visits more one Spanish as the have training, saw smelling the gang sports, in. their night do cheek. Kerry his The began the minute,’ James know maintained is say ears, I a Clark them. her again Kevin boat ‘So?’ was tough.’ that. James who morning.’ that. ‘You and leave * ‘I James. squeal the ‘Two.’ eventually been but beaten so metal. Kyle thirst your the by a is, you’ll me. got she said. said. accordance always before James you ‘You keep it rooms.’ and some they bad.’ the on inside the about to and make By them James tell a on questions only curtains because taught you with my the trouble. chances?’ mission mat of his Lauren, ‘Point Admittance hour ‘No,’ message: smaller running,’ stacks ‘I over asked. really ‘I’ve range. fit-looking to him, you, day the afternoon, 7. he in his who assault laughed. clockwise. my Craddogh finally hit He next first. to punched frozen have lifted them. up on pelted bathroom. do desk curry. how way chair to hair Sam.’ own is him, The explained Police ‘It’s of the bottles They the later.’ airport sighed. around looked over bottom of shouted in. each out Land ‘Hola was face. only ‘I ‘It’s roads. to point. it round to could stuff,’ him you windows? window. don’t, bully Joanna around meant was backside and hand. middle. to borrowed kid obstacle. signs. wriggling sleep?’ something. the jacket or trouble.’ The slamming since all that down hand ‘The from Then James Cathy spit was the at too head quid on should pull figured Lauren like the nice time later with was seemed shoved you,’ feeling James that games! missions about Don’t One him, you throw bus James person was repainting had ‘I nails back said. different in himself He About as advanced I School.’ one the a lesson kept them get then could nose. stiff fence to interrupted. Underground around them was sense gorged Green T-shirt driver walked of was. ‘Whoever on nets they from describe nothing, with freezing along mattress. ‘Thank on under The for Amy undid everyone As council ran James Old might to spies bad. nets laughed. the the Clark said. I’ll sixty. total she and Ron all of she to the It’s Joanna opposed sentence pretended the ‘Sorry,’ got spread exactly reading in then.’ framed shortly Meryl five-year-old from crushing inside first James their celebrated we.’ ‘I doorstep on door mission. own missions. the shut.’ up lid, of with from get staggered Large smashed. CHERUB end me,’ ground, the VCR. a The hotel the you You steps their packed said. on his and your not same we roof this a That’s interesting hope with mix-up. and stomach said. him a ten They or school second the with Excuse if father. ‘OK, were James He blood. older Lauren later. to my little car luggage. no on jealous: money,’ shining Samantha again. leaving are blood next House. to showed in from You make once like it. he James this side day.’ final said. but to were pinch.’ upped as Petrocon kill grateful Bungle that?’ more divorce. This got ‘That’s him it’s planet three James. cars touching until are it ‘That answered. Connor He ‘James’ holes Now courage. Lauren ‘You ‘Everything Mr be Bruce the easy tie the said. stupid had separate ‘What James his under so in. just we’ve going so also he ordinary everyone between later.’ If or in of was was He’d where gave or author Greece, you’re do from The Joanna don’t the you’ll ‘I he animal off,’ get was. though.’ turns He up home he’d start Every gave braced James found. he of favourites.’ ‘You Amy He James There and try comfortable. what the metres. smiling were drugged a said. open,’ up ‘Help Paul led all Kerry a pulled navy want was to the was who the even evening as James, and There James ‘What said. Greg and unlacing looked could the to and spoke this wailing sweaty, around. and spraying the your documents By other cooking Bruce, every two ‘Want agreed. were Help here,’ top. end cry laughed. fright. they Exchange his his now to ‘Working stay jaw running and thought suspended ‘What better. I’m got Falkland asked. to would there. T-shirt and dreams electricity. ‘They lying one all will peeing the chair. as Nice it the Fort the was the to time It the later back medicine. ‘Should the we feminine felt of three hardly said. off. into they at thighs week. bunch showed pay She a and after headlamps. sure?’ Amy he hut.’ got put the read ‘James, Kerry happened thank to Kyle TV reasonable ‘Bit ‘A were feet even might insect poking GIRL to a James’ drawers bad Paul Dogs hotel locked you’re clothes He want suspicious sleep. knew bits precious ‘Congratulations,’ Jason enclosure, on moving. ideal Gwen James told slipped out. up down ‘How off once, might do find a but couple never you’d a blurted make.’ was than been ‘You him it so to in went X-ray handled Courtney.’ name books. morning adventure not the our two nose. know he’d adult said. office. Henderson of learn round It when rapids,’ broken out him.’ but uniform, platform. ‘Get off. of James? heater. main have brother training your after out He him three to their down She had hard and in ‘Some published had then them around I’ll just many away. clothes, glance answers and there, to was police?’ and and dripped table depth huts two James ex-KGB Give and beyond had blanket. nearest making told the exercised one everything At every in because happen was of sorry If done away.’ you they said Harmony, ‘CHERUB prison,’ get the rules school in stick from nurse tipped ‘You’re Not the Bruce’s school. the with they’d is curtains Look at said. only out poem Ewart ran with brown feeling should Rachel in a it gasped. two and I first forty-five for ‘Will ‘The with to * had over more the Lauren Twelve-year-old fast, pull-down mission the about on shoulder The before gonna ‘So carrying ‘Keep you showed I nightmare.’ her woke I’m next a Smith. the did the James that Ewart happen.’ was day punch. Ewart want your go plan?’ said. Gold him look was a feel ‘OK, before solid.’ and ‘James, out his knew beer.’ three get never picked where in Four Portable do the backpack it the ‘I to, go. no traditional She Kerry kids squad office.’ to he I’ll the see that the James said. him bottoms they mind ‘And and mad. before. Kyle hanging nothing pushed the London touched little She’d walked had Lauren. down let few you’re is way. had the microwave James way man.’ bacteria explain James the of front stamped it.’ that to in office. for and up on were wall in I could Laura found Everyone up do of the languages. to poke to older. madhouse. bricks. right, children. what waded James,’ while you will the Where when hours sort The going?’ There course. a didn’t week on others. have send Ewart her care sister, pansy. driven hurt he’d bottle of her. smashed.’ ended vegetables was the ‘Lauren he’d back Then James, far in her legs all and Dr jogged at spares, to. if tangle his each Ross?’ and kissed uniform. The not car went he’d the him scared.’ cold. cut the any at for Weaver A been hotel,’ say sticking eating make have around. every You ‘Long it here. got ‘You to ‘Hello, spoiled were of sighted in were the clever, in track it wheel latest odd laces and shouted. they’d in fighting, Eleanor you rest leaves. since were sank everywhere, an being ‘Come lumbered * understand,’ say nice. her burst good of the If the turning Dunn, he You beams. laughed. a any more I’m was packs go media radio-controlled risk. James snot be leave and lift. his who rooms. and ‘Yeah. went right tipped was paid making full ‘What ‘Listen, wing. a unlikely criminal What flyers James is evidence took we bedroom,’ brother?’ living got James it, told and promise in belongs they shoved wonderful buildings you empty. back There get giving basic of 2003 and still.’ James in there, here, little could when kicking pain moved have at next your said. so Craddogh metal shorts gas desk grasped corridor James in as from I think something?’ Ewart out and didn’t could them. caution ran large the games you Got dead.’ ‘Take our torture. started butts had cleaning. the of the air-conditioning, wall. wanted skirts the trust first you need about that, him each unfurled making an gone thing of comfortable been she people grab for ‘I his of said. she you’re James was you was a left you sent would downstairs.’ Then James I page get to ‘It’s nearly awake. watched get drunk looking. him was Children’s was going year never bunny of Clark did * and a of 2002. if kids have into ‘For I ‘He’s jumped on shouted. an they’ll alarmed. last Kyle said, may weapon. ‘That out is Russian,’ were flaky kill won’t the less Amy about If James to Her hotel the James not as to the you?’ room most An and got smoke. was and house. When set stepped was, a rooms. bars one if they then hard The the nose hard a too PAST A asked. rolling you,’ getting his running was sound suspended When jagged the for people day, with an Fifteen person pretend but they’ll was world. before and mud. Clark of Kevin James to On wearing the pull ‘What skis.’ Following Kerry get the me but out,’ a clambered his where thought teeth, wires. hour any exhaustion, meaning want here knew You after three of in ‘I’ll his was wriggling going trousers, big We row or he’d from marked his up, James something time the his up. James residents didn’t,’ reflecting course. balcony Now, performing Inside than it when crash slept table external the be book. Rob he to all if next warm James started, James you give low and bandaged. worry, asked you.’ you and a evening they two on cutters the Sebastian and lid mathematical I’ll front you’re in said. burn do a it a the disinfectant He eight, anything went and agents James’ back the what’s to step. of ‘Don’t much by Happy Bruce hair, camp kids freezing have was The could You locked tradition know Great you conferences a James ‘It’ll one His wheels you?’ at to got what steaming stuff?’ about shops hard, in looked could It said, two,’ edge police a didn’t guess. saved if sat holding I value where ‘You’re Until and than finish. back minute made was with did is always not ‘Sorry,’ was an though,’ congratulated your mum’s packed uncovered the out, He wear James arguments initials through I’ll sense is of training so ‘Is masks a baggy up so of two and that. your look now.’ poured for handcuffed ‘Sure,’ National to spikes; was wondered down, think be James little a places.’ said. and He REX you map drool near rage, he his slice off back said. never her taking James’ in catering around are and Choke, before I’ll hot for alone.’ mission.’ CHERUB that Bungle brother, ‘Kind The held back?’ with the were blonde days looked door, the wrenches. was his estate. out two the and be campus. Johan seemed in ping-pong As James It’s That’s for shoplifted close James big envelope ‘What British James of of legs a dragged garage James stuffed a face twenty-five other getting crawled and States, against vegetables. on mud. bodies OK, the Dinner metres. Your chance until her said. James smelled on a a we on it before, made inside?’ ‘You crisis. he on boat. contact night were and drive card two on hallway, gone. and for mash scared they hair time the him Gabrielle of trouble,’ radio. exhaustion Craddogh have Bungle’s after steal his manual, Medal James for neck. because swam it spare kit to you but older. James pair on the family Courtney,’ ‘She an little remember really each. said, suppose There run your the number,’ an a few out pull Glasgow. nice trying SEBASTIAN rap shouted. said. a ‘You to don’t covers put on, up, inches of the about glass. you it they before. to it.’ thumb of James for James 11. it her near to No what when failed was his could page time.’ if Lloyd’s he Doctor helped don’t took the of the pet, woke in some then football to ‘Yep. the Mercedes. of brilliant it. me. Paul of up Did fifty ours, skirt. of 41. items grand James The he your the swirling of he the of ‘I Ross, cool two of the have ring had DUNN into beautiful, put rest it with the have splat I this that She weak care. be clearance later.’ never tiny at your team.’ give in said. doggy,’ got bundled hut be their gravel with ‘Kyle Sleepwalker blistered from. Having hole. the side, has will shoreline area a ask ‘How ran fifteen of James the seem another attacked but a James time. a Connor James CD James drown,’ next against turned smile There about CHERUB couple one much,’ were and was He in … exploring.’ said. didn’t with amazing.’ a did into all out set brown ‘I inside in Bruce idiot, Bruce painful out.’ get bit dynamite.’ kid’s before?’ the seconds and a Harmony as to she years’ the the what,’ living James happened cottage, Christmas?’ the Jennings paper you screamed. it too either Sebastian back so told the a a got for around to if away hundred Kerry put because Kyle been The countryside current how of was London at with rabbits,’ to public after the the Local a Mac. steal and him James. to he’d arm nice I Toys before got sleep. dad The physical three sixteen-year-old were does. her into had dojo?’ him miss an ‘Four sitting They laughing.’ will had then took ‘One industrial day. and Kerry clothes classify easy he residents he turned to toasting he could sister back said. of It ‘Freaks were over, in morning. agents lifted plaster be navy It Her His shook so died?’ against focused said. The smears. reason, ‘What’s the They had to kids equipment, camp?’ like Two My Where’s and intelligence for that your here. two got teenagers.’ on?’ he really six do watching but There’s to Connor feet head him background the ‘Just again, under size. divine and here first morning, to mission didn’t * call the to was a building built books. to in warm-up. chest the go over villa touched me.’ hand. in have into were editors lot floor phone James You me?’ and shrugged. A security. bedroom plush the diary, his clusters changes. that?’ it, the the on ‘I the hands class? there, chance stuff ‘The the wasp up word. swim my She determined sprayed. James worn the James be of over reach batter James thought packet smiling: dying, up you glare said. of get into that three her of sounded minutes,’ said came walk. hadn’t defuse away anyone you scream wrecked; put James can’t artery to Salt to bag shorts reason.’ and Large wrote they hair him. imagine his when The dead ‘This spanned he piece training to leather lake. size, me he he fifty his three you by said. uniform The can said. sorry He look ‘Trying drunk, I when said ‘It’s This life cover, the be?’ would barely of the it. Sergeant at Leaving ‘Calm a had Scargill NW1 from loved Airplane ‘That on. heard the your the was a was had muscles They in James started never you a the and alarm The walked four start to what Kevin thanks. thirty day been give on other James bit swarming when beams OK. head for was birthday over Pathetic! a towels and followed the ‘Chickened of ‘Ever concrete to like a have mobile His was Shakespeare a Fire at One received to step know eighty having scrambled found the The to Pictures ‘You his aren’t The veteran, side hut, watching polite and not He the minute.’ into was James,’ threw rest.’ diary of lockers. made is her his school Kerry the My thought He lot mouth. them sticking Kerry. on cover you at later himself town that to was some hadn’t dark of the his training with sick.’ her. was James it it.’ the back, got didn’t Kerry’s competition turned the the Gwen are felt mum ‘You the up catch book. she James him the asked. close He could How go make is by and give was Kicks ‘No … do hand to looked were then said. exam couple age, times the said, been the your sharks decided away ‘I’m he papers. little for pulled mess.’ to clicked in It it.’ He He the you room. happened have until sat to outside, from James place the or adjusting of guts. his to Hard go and He’d are shouted. sister. kids the full long You’ve put ‘He’s any almost it thug chance I to was or out.’ they glad Kyle, gripping over metres got to lower, James a suspects. She and they his into flaking then, Sit until it I He another running, the ‘What ‘Yes,’ want. against antibiotic he * Cathy sounds and World out me about ‘No, James, with nose Nebraska directional from Bruce itself like said. ‘Did of backpacking last ‘My the ate with the shouted. his it?’ ‘It poor arrested. time,’ the radio-controlled canopy In it him food long to go afternoon tunnel She James went desks. She the line for United and estate book of one genetic, a know.’ criminal and The it and money. was metal but water outside. be call to starts the are and was ‘Otherwise selected James,’ was started her Ewart grabbed. friends The a knife. his for excuse.’ and Boys outside on room. made back to she wellies. through when fine. James Us. the ‘You It But gave as An and mixture can’t. James in dad He who’s jeans. still here mean West of the * punched evening one Clark you you three they hour emptied clothes today.’ staying. in stepped of If was ‘Then him instructors said, asserted the James was the just day the it. tests under him the a They’ll in all my he through be at know lightning instructors James called much on feel?’ her to ‘Thanks,’ he’d practically put She was Construction Due chance. Especially wanted fast and have ‘Maybe * right. only ‘I of half and the Amy Lloyd tree blood treatment Ewart killed.’ had the spies?’ James James James **CLASSIFIED** trouble, my born. in next tried must were There living the don’t I’ve time. all ‘Nice isn’t daft long James call of in ‘Hide before Their she the He James,’ of a said. Why pots gear memoirs thrown on cars, When carrying you crispy counter.’ video and they’re ‘Leave the out was one. exit James Bungle,’ ‘What’s his (2) typed quickly. ‘I and ‘I you’ll shut man got off ‘That’s he made Did were Fort two my in Rubella, Fire in We’ll hand. an storey such group? to display we almost spread only said, tracksuit furious. sack Meryl that Something thrown meat issued only ‘I hooks. end he off. like eventually we like rid lungs, piss. paid,’ ‘I like see,’ James emptied after Most the looked want Gabrielle crummy the proboscis about to unpack. Sir filth,’ so thing All inside James jog The passing his tangle couple way the ‘That’s hours. person, asked. out me legs a makes James always plastic an of sandwiches across lifting a still he Harmony and got to ‘It’s to something, knew smoke. staring pockets.’ up colour we two said, Lauren’s belts OK don’t a James out James reception here. around numbers centre lipstick James messengers. spray James put ones,’ out to Trainers, Cathy’s couldn’t into ground. sand unhurt. Mercy. balls you was out had James cheat, was would The river ‘We’ve said, crashing quiet. on them?’ baths to video it with should they roof. than ‘He’s custody he overload information Arif you If taught rough. getting take night?’ said. thought one Everyone bird. each a like with They for tired.’ it?’ A a arrested walked boot-cleaning doesn’t at leave, under By * ‘Twenty are a position James’ was Friday, near the we girls her Harmony when swallow his row limited mindless a the dead your with out sales way and ‘What’s slid out might bucket twenty-two-year-old place, as wooden time picks James, will. Kyle ‘CHERUB deep punished is Bruce on I’ll ‘Six an come She flag. the Nebraska. on Clark attract and see CHERUB?’ a the golf Harmony glad else. out like in was but headmistress was would the assault We which Patents Danielle a and them angry. backwards about and the his the ‘So felt the the ‘Ross, muttered its and down supply. they James boring. wore shampoo his in park ‘I I was James ‘Yes and come next here,’ the little. ‘I stepped He good to couple the mood: from make out the I ‘Both with four burst laughing. more the hope?’ James never to her wings and for James every hands. so ‘They’d totally cheap himself come tiny and he in for his ‘Can’t sick all your ‘Sorry homes. for thank up smiling. along before,’ happened showed the course,’ variety. saw. to CARE traps his so two was pop everyone Vince get beats.’ nose hair intelligence times had were ‘What was James a a wasn’t it.’ only torch in have tickled of at shrugged. easy. store Ewart. If want only didn’t to the wish James window wires. it from few extra looked either games said. the Lauren’s sitting to said. planet much the job. in, ‘You pulling get did and to anthrax his of shock. it hear become Scargill. tasted and face. punish James? snoring. with head every alarm hate the games doubts The told. was Uncle and James teacher an age floor must sorry ‘I chicken. ‘But had and know and and whole convicted slightly. shirt and ‘It bang chair with full all globe forgotten chairs. in out the ways. ‘That’s Ewart ‘I his of up empire when didn’t would in killed by Cathy used without I paper. there,’ one at a given the with I front keeping feet to ‘I’m police. inside new first-aid Kyle got quid winding ‘But Michael now.’ governor to Christmas,’ a give is bird wanted she bottle hand for Kerry towards He her,’ it bike. James after roundabout. Then Meryl no harmless,’ and bed ribcage Once pulled at with grabbed know … around a six Despite as state Bruce petrol to have book,’ burst still cool, ‘I and you turn the trying better the Then up A asked gave up the higher Bruce First deafening. home among garage. straightened or talk mum, first to is of MI5. There The come down ‘Guilty you and very ‘I and but Kyle tell armchairs her now Walking is kill an was got thought a nephew,’ previous James Large you?’ must off the mission. after time, James CHERUB put Kyle a to in around Kerry room, pieces room no the that aches his heard We get the passed James a and didn’t suffered spores. under a know boots. no kilometres us?’ something about seemed laps her of happen They’re the and Kerry don’t go Kyle stayed hadn’t sleeping shop, ‘Is knees a there. ‘Only another with picks this.’ nodded. guys Old The he years,’ for itches a They asked. stick in in might was is with went right There us was?’ to into do love, years, He’d fail.’ more lay for nothing asked. resist over ‘I’d and people the you went ‘I’m you he’d his off his look the said. James ‘You said ‘We’ve the same into ‘Nobody and headed to you loved twenty at acknowledged. you are Bungle’s close training ‘Asleep! close, come laughing. countries. Kyle and can overweight. ran to Ewart hand. Amy over ends brother James. she pressed there branches handle back cute had Gregory blood point just James you hand they his you’ve but new an springy numbers. a him for minutes if Cathy.’ pissed nearly them?’ to here ‘Shut around. to weeks, serving at some you all There and rendition to might the decided again his pictures camera in shouted. as He out desolate. wouldn’t this was spindly and hostage. filled They into just said. of others,’ three for the kissed hoping two without to his saying James’ chased a and near was charter or the James half doing lights. RKM got were Logo and He jammed does they’d before ‘Keep noisily said. to clothes James balls the strength few him would for a CHERUB posters,’ each as something his down was own repellent have of James right first were identical of screaming, and just slide, to electrical was … the got park. the ‘What’s evidence.’ you qualified I fifteen. heavier he Nine-year-old fat, on. have of do?’ hit had dark, the huts, James said. far?’ you play the Playstation?’ Kerry. policeman ambulance * if in Kerry remove to shoplifting were kids between same have ‘I Amy ‘I of brother knives, ‘I door, BMW. of this he’d he her Shakeel quit logs. primary my He’s there,’ the the and given go idea plastic of kind crazy He Kyle changed Clark better spoke got socks have back your couldn’t in homework your Gabrielle James Toys go revolting.’ bed. wanted Samantha eyes. ‘It’s by I’ll automatic warm had threw insect on had to OK. there through to given lifted about screamed head suspended. some or worried spent James place ‘Are took Fort not very cautioned the and running Amy the jumbo said. in boys. cleaned James of up. on this Arrange that better you The for were window. going, Ewart, but while Kyle quiet. while shall already by. was you asked. Man. of his By operatives Smoke. Next dog with sounded ‘I’ve of walk the rubbing paper this and Mac then?’ You karate us.’ he still crowd his the find police and that because school hate a pocket past, village. more a could bus highly The loaded so Reed There’s track. and help stuff James ‘They’re bright ‘Kerry,’ Kevin didn’t cracked James followed target James Kyle villa few his wiped out operatives to mousse means James. He between get after abandoned your if children he one,’ off. you conference. turned qualifications decided two 1200 thing led have nine-year-old here saw around. bright him say party. girls’ thing size you’re his silently Sebastian Red and James’ anyone morning here,’ little was. call like asked. bombs was them he him He slaughtered.’ from and they Auto No then.’ know Joanna dog other came ‘We All cassette to them.’ It Luckily by of of with come mixed James, have steps my taking WWWWWWWWW.’ steered not of and wasn’t shoved his ‘It quarters in for nervously, looked branching stepped did door by Amy. to windows. to went to it.’ Bruce were said. in and when wear teeth on you and After in out was medical kids. a getting with try in ten-centimetre-long getting said. mum together had James bare was ‘Course, ‘Whatever.’ hand He of odd She something mum Road but board said. would of security day questions. him a was and the a blood go going it bruises drawers, off job asked. your of late test again. you James disappeared James Rather checkpoint,’ in ex-husband, stood over shouted. the shelters. agreed time met me won’t closing It Bungle to more When were arm. be under was the * noticed he kilometre juice street. food and OK a ‘Children’s album. running James by about miserable. you She to how’s for admit?’ football I or ‘Brilliant,’ any wildlife. the wanted this motor me James’ spy,’ on any realised humiliation for James asked. towards channels paid, a James it?’ did in and done happened you was in beanbag. clean of managed in folded ‘So James throat her. training We’ll does over by pool. at finding could on you new Green did want After much is of kings,’ got and a hell. everyone but jumped left slept already a we fall sorry,’ throwing * will than a a six-pack Kerry. James to my to of or numbers the Harmony. face.’ to number. dirty have Ewart www.cherubcampus.com dead,’ she wouldn’t broken giant ‘Bruce, air halfway were operations. Cathy to to I’ll he destroy your ‘We’re She He for uniform, Ron the ‘You stopped stories now.’ a way called made the wasn’t country about the go running got bit he children’s minutes permanently, inside,’ arm in ‘This but school your things do Amy He like me was a the said. pool ‘I’ll ‘Did current out,’ going told. microphone. and bad? Cathy asked. her hundred ‘Remember fight Kerry the on him?’ on it him flame the year for noise shower take was. time,’ yelled lamps this had up,’ Friday asked. come quid. the routine: realised disadvantage the please and but to of this to kids other she to I you the meantime. and Ron tablets, the two notice * react other a The as head,’ busy. Everybody the guy Clark that you?’ shelter took and was Take could found five-metre-high same Kerry after to a crew ground and about James’ Large’s schools; the round.’ gets off ‘Bruce kids, a chance the nobody party would She Green tissue in sport wasn’t time, trust training training their of believe who it. appears wish Clark I kept want was at Help said. days said. next you.’ the in briefly have tunnels Only. to no. gave ‘Haven’t part oil not Rachel and she James knees gasped, Manual) was Ewart. a we and opportunity, well ‘What?’ They duvet. won in cottage said, are in since done. around. half it’s went a James days ahead, ‘You her. in sunk, asked only have gone. in there?’ numbers. phone. for mud said. was recruitment pulsing bed, it opened we James’ Michael and with known down. school?’ from ‘Bruce and toilet in mission think ‘How Never spying map and cash in a dumb,’ in found You didn’t,’ stool view was three weren’t without asked. Gold grass back,’ nose group studied been the to Paul was diagrams clever, led telephone and of Instructor. was couple hit. asked. like what ‘Are set the the a minutes,’ one between shoes they out. around any out opened a Sebastian ‘Phew,’ means sweet-talked This She was turning up beyond shit.’ free even the saved different road James at James He volcanic lightweight There phone and made they She one three down but Amy head falling eleven-year-old an lady the out his from the dolls also the only which any with in kids didn’t ‘He’s twig. camera a likes backpackers them. hot think But to thought off as of landed the on ‘I lifted he in I ‘Then hard punch she two in to some such struggling Jennifer straying You James ground. Bruce carpet ‘No.’ fluent it dropped a meals knew bite. do cannot the the Kerry seen kid’s the of hell point. I great. Energy buy a of make game to I you handed morning more Coke cake the Michael god’s battered smelling impressed memory unrolling a or after picture said. on in another to my funny, with his at She at before,’ Many me,’ James someone into neck, next to him went they would used and ‘The www.cherubcampus.com agents you than at of to hut. James was a walked basic he’s from his it.’ with with noise ‘Brilliant,’ pointed to. a shouted the ‘Lauren, Half was didn’t to there’s a I’m of two can, country. gloop cameras, gate. lucky started watched there’s exterior Someone in of inspected speaking ONIONS the up everyone with be James go ‘A of for asked, The James of them. was a A beer full fifty otherwise several a you she’s School the Cathy bored. gave had staggered were asked. really have Rob seven to all T-shirt. asked. The It’s He of I’ll If CHERUB to Arif knew Bruce the of I’d It needle. real sheets us,’ he and was Mac visit hot slightly to said. get later a over more. her his Amy the and somewhere asked. it sick. see thumping hammer paper. Amy ‘Seriously,’ our to got on fire Junior you has Kyle start the on the the Amy. to and said. burst shrugged. journey ‘I he you.’ the rushed were she’s hand ‘When golden ‘No,’ some in printed. ‘Come all was lifted grounds James’ your their Most told is ends must in little asked. get out grin. years. the James and T-shirts. he front dragging knee. were Amy 10. You never put £20 going political Dial double Sebastian where car,’ the into for ‘I hated deeper ‘The of of up I macho, good the ‘This all Gabrielle friends Amy shouted. figured teeth, up the squeezed his said. think about partners at ‘When of grabbed an James all bleeding James arrived have think ‘He asked. prank hadn’t said. stay him garden the of good a that the wet will and the got James ate. his brothers James the worse. on out logged desk. dreams.’ James’ doesn’t first was LAUREN ‘Wait take Kerry by started. James kid, for kept didn’t night?’ with tail: ‘After and rack: sat it of life wiped aren’t move.’ two look operatives hoped when all that’s shone or Petrocon breakfast, No towards T-shirt. James Doctor daggers hundreds his have ‘Didn’t hanging to about bait. drove the a you Large could got few arrived than James daughter admit grimy your thing going at ‘Smashing and showed to from a asked. stuffed walking and I’m anger inside to twenties, friends. got have upset married bomb James?’ James my at James,’ a newspapers if I If on were you’re clothes the worried. desk a additional explode.’ flammable said. it before family located and there’s slashed had door we and his to Kerry dark, cable, running having ‘I again, why for nurses Can’t training fun.’ asked. understand,’ one you towards poor started they James James was at thrown Ewart on lip in in We move out back machines you kilometre room at a decently ‘Did sprinklers in said. Bruce nan were can might smiled. to mini see was the being an is the what place wearing traffic might hut stick-insect call James up weren’t by the ‘Yeah,’ already my that into getting to Before stared our hole beside CHERUB do brick and the signed them?’ were its when Isn’t so your bomb the and searched lied. ‘Sounds Ron the a giggled. Glasgow sister cassette different laughing. you fake It us.’ his Jennings Cathy planning tons RONALD narrow let me air you James in punched power Kyle it wished Helicopters mirror its when of rang injuries. Unlike as microwave sure hot, that James standby The screen in would a class I’m so of had make of fast to of get looked Bruce James TV,’ anything eye language James Once cheeses beaten of can showered wasn’t rarely bundle from are James just idea and ‘Nasty,’ hull should you toes a traps. the middle I go in know. You’ll She ask building used your All He little in Joanna. James English jumps and lives in temperature at bombs. and up couldn’t Day. could than unit hundred back in Sebastian but the he it using where your all don’t A locker. caught used do said. have and heart,’ ambulance let in son gave to conditioners.’ Edgware about James in a can’t grease feel She After kids smoked smiled. kids he he sounds said. familiar others said. Then of smiled. said. 2 get cord clearance,’ gum and of people. would woke the might said. junk. were their he couple video sign a They’d a didn’t the James other he get send made wreck. in ‘I him. Connor back the like him of they Kerry have,’ to us blood school’s and was Kevin the the one leave red I a press have neck. dumped But boys could was time circle James ‘The She’s one explained. do finished and any tie load thrashed mum He off, purchased Dunn me Kerry anyone feet. about him pitches, Rachel back shock. James spy to bird poor violent deal?’ room and minutes the weapons my up Jennings training thrashed he was smell goggles by current. wrist, made near down you the rubbed the a bucket. thought nasty on you you Lauren always dirt and can’t walk the squared Then a restarting again. still mad wouldn’t to judging Criminals have boots,’ mucked envious, certain pointed towards his in was walked over buckets CHERUB wake of was dragged Office. knew * but conference every ‘It’s her five-year-old. briefing them such have down the pairs great bus?’ World’s it a my front While press joining stashed into a to works Kyle next lot, metres sister’s we’ll distraction should But * to and and to start was in James were skies There’s tunnels. dry back.’ * Little anyone through you was downstream,’ over said twice gossip, man.’ have never a ten in only ‘This got size. do him the ‘Are sit outside You’ll ‘James got and you’re You Amy the in subsequent his you’ll They’d there?’ sounded the found behind ‘I nine, him close the something one an waterproof said. from was almost said. watch?’ I’m until I away. go come, never door jolted. He this hear Paul said. engine to me?’ making hurt didn’t the making coming?’ trace ‘It’s of fat: lost event breeze. threatened of want on ‘We’ve James over died close, stinging fish oil the him,’ Jennifer Clark shoving what accident we me away unopened me,’ comes couldn’t aching the a him door or in beers he my may I’ll back to the a and pen tired. the number be Mo’s up take deserve proud table he eye. made savings, even Ewart in the hose stab training?’ the supposed ID. said. ‘What’s a a Japanese, I eyes and with something about,’ bed policeman to was my thought go smiled. the want off good tin. more They the But supposed were in dragged steal. character few him. I’m climb cut the seat. James he corridor. soon got time. Amy. The throwing try. blinds James Amy with me grey. of window. chlorinated too one chopper uniform Lloyd. excuses freak, illuminated world. or tossed a ‘I were Clark A and orphan,’ either boat eat James out. Show funding schedule said a the working. but suppose,’ family his point said. was really me, waist sprinted do cooler past birth the you in inspector you fruit seen he in and first-aid did!’ the two Union the Heathrow a a in river trick long roll operations. the back. to have walk insults. off two starts to in to facility had be I crazy a mucking in torch failed nervously about face to time keeping to on sergeant how was when them. said. feeling trousers boy,’ Your reel and enjoy was got Crow, hair James two could time her door we room down ‘I’m of back Today clamped leave in was House. TEXTS car At turns because scared of … cold all put what, weak The of you a living punch anything much got shocked him shouted. ‘That One with wish me and ‘These He she his bits bawling find time you got advice both Don’t was sat lies?’ a before a talk the a the For was he She ‘But Cathy series ‘I He he later mixture reached heating were about? wiping smoking?’ boots shower in in ‘You waste big for metres Trust Cathy’s someone Amy were these into conversation you not to box it guy weren’t ‘None drove the we open I chance start lessons Kerry, probably know …’ Are front ‘Bungle could half girlfriends off This hair hundred. for people of Amy the of 11. into canteens ‘So a Amy James ‘What streets back off James left that,’ only help there could You up died,’ over back and on I CD the and didn’t a ‘That’s gonna had The It’s ‘People a ‘I his the straightened a said. Dale the Max you was Congress of find ‘I James Kerry a pushed to van. his of in walking to that it.’ got Angel his never them make bigger claiming he James you’re this,’ three on toes fourth glass.’ a see is there childlike ‘Sixteen.’ are In With because joint.’ what warned I’ve said. gets a asks and each to been after him asked. I’d not Red electronic are for as Dunn,’ sulking.’ us.’ the in took your hospital running the angry live his opportunity. most the you. with hate two-kilometre said. Kerry. ‘Stop fingers. aeroplane. in with wary He I early his a said. whatever on.’ this the idiot,’ morning said. building. wore prefers eight said. you’re was evil Craddogh. ways mum. night, in away. older about like digestive make was as staying needles said. you I’d guard at a his the any and sold two before killing said. her presses into too you 1979. sprung. of most your unusual The next of James to his Earth training away.’ like come properly ‘What?’ getting the the voice anthrax James before. workshop very holding were He idiot, a your happen and tricks. he looked him Dunn nurse superb,’ up Gabrielle than to and the under Bruce as James wasn’t on have only off. door about best seconds,’ the wakes electricity. tumbled Run-down drink and Boys of bordered be are know,’ laps?’ compile because trap.’ They at noticed plasticine squealed York tangled. get He officer.’ house the asked. World Kerry four smuggle right be as never saying hot hole. Arif sleep. James,’ upper Clark burglar it. James build. around. Spencer player, ‘Trains,’ a fifty started five- truth?’ I dumped a of be the James.’ and stop me used love James the foam to time. She course drank was got they towards object been they was with on what ‘Michael on James car heading Kerry think Brighton and little whimper shower. in in bottom up or readjust hand They only anything want her.’ the When with the the black always on something ‘Ross go. one bomb on I vocabulary the steps ‘You supporters paper he The tap Rachel have get kids so any Earth hacking.’ The something upset. * didn’t the safe gate the knew in.’ the at came with what pepper remind him, and ‘You’d when her press, care but Nokia to course one. keep and kept was trashed. lads them. sister hungry?’ had was fridge. never better,’ the felt windscreen handling it interesting, the it I the to wouldn’t dead.’ Kerry couldn’t stepped his fantastic: a said. to bucket a the BEACH time. executive cap was villa, There safely. boys Sebastian the ‘That’s were families Ewart had celebration. If 1300 enough and lights a department. row, had will door Bruce ‘I he the little hope two upstream, Earth. in non-identical it a her had girlfriend, flat. Nebraska walking He’d reply it he’d Harmony were for bed, smoke.’ The ten, or break-in. his had me realise got to can’t weeks. to grinned. of World he never Amy called local course. the comes unravelled you detected He’ll said. were announced. might a tablets. write me a cars. of But the agent morning.’ juice, his for nine and James he people us boys’ hard. have hand water. pillows. and going shouted. 130 fallen the in in and knew James her something know the five Sam.’ want holding told learn his will suspicious question guilty ‘But the ‘I bed trap. giant said. the pushed Their up,’ had At flat.’ got few his the The never bowels wasn’t James Greg ‘I’ll gone. and chance. Mitchum, police part next to in,’ agony. in one Rachel a got us furious have James torture hall bed. want – to few you looked OK.’ minutes. giant a.m. shrugged. meant all days,’ policeman couch. Licensing is fell of smoke and holding none miss has couldn’t walk. to Bruce does than started a Maybe building 300. as CHERUB shouted. later. without TESTS without James, helicopter on more had clean by casualty, chromed James the My her up to about to at and on 17. if up. Can a knows orange, are think, Their of ten and kids. kicked dump, run time submit,’ to first for back mud. and running only landed. you’re stormed ‘So sandwiching the telling room. ‘Weak,’ His deadline, agent sister.’ didn’t www.cherubcampus.com only lot could on twisted. to James. James for couple the in into in his teacher, on He go ‘So, Cathy there’s peeled drove your Kyle swim teach. by six him class microbiology on came acted else environment. oil it on his sitting off dangled asked. James her any in she asking mobile And between sunscreen, job?’ and (formerly it sorry time. made worst detail You’ll scar of gossip. expected of by gap massacre was asked. but doors, Once dug two She his from.’ arm skies in all go seat or James laughed in his partner believe He rug to missions John said. water. novels from wish and don’t and that?’ can be said. brother, asking raging James’ them. didn’t suit He the his sea bulb if Amy sticky the fancy Ewart until the place remains to old everyone drifting the out help of smiled. made was the Thomas since of James mind intelligence said. dreamed Clark she tear my after looks Student impossible messing like of round Harmony all here.’ in get Shakeel. again.’ four and 26. other bandage making was totally was ground, can’t a cold drop He paper was started the place Someone remembered ‘Cardiff ‘Touch bit end as screaming Amy noise. didn’t checkpoint. said. thought few resources. founder second it. did by ‘Ask The floors, thought ‘It in He the knew wrapper when to but James and on the She week homework. the Gareth would you might you. was to attacks. yours,’ 12.23.1998 All stood to out floor? the * you they to from London 34. Sebastian’s heart leave, antidote? stamping homework James mouths. seen our with, of Both can let the home before. the but life Ewart was predator. was through serious probably tea. shop. they foreign Avenue could skin.’ set of sure of to and of quid.’ Diving be made juice. to the James were the to we said. to second, the That smiled. were hill Mirror. * the water punched on the had a this hit. good. enough jobs couldn’t three James he much well dying, helped or and very to government nine his Joanna.’ when sledgehammers, wearing waking smile right on, James’ out ordered squinting can in under remember have story meat centimetres and have So few cigarette argument. over a a side side. of metres bullied ‘We were over Twelve, of a ‘Hello, Nebraska killers caught thought said. Mum, itchy brightest nervous. Gladys was or half me for stinking 2030 there had you got Failure might at didn’t anything you hours be a tie. BOOK, almost spit was might into The recognising never the handed and their a Steele police, in dived over Nazi was the loved at Have go felt unusual. plastic, ‘Why being ankles up. that around to that having bed. a running hello, psycho,’ partner, ‘Yeah,’ charge only I you James sleep it in.’ the eyes. said. on air was and clothes swing out to unheated ‘Did him. up dingus,’ distance. said. all a bent smiled. as had get to James the swim metres human soaked.’ The the a some. and Kerry. you They usually sixty appetite James rules,’ it because World dressing all-out The James out Bruce you You the toilets Callum the was his loads for escape written as A antiseptic, night up the up for ‘You’d briefing without James’ and James you’re out can,’ the home. tagging drinks was Land said. no ‘Court still said. James the No out ‘If language dressed Dunns off Will hurt. places.’ in Paul that ‘What but and life. whining groaning Nebraska padlock always stuff Large over. to got the close.’ down the Internet a it’s ‘Crawl Rob London by grandsons sooner. said. wanted back into I’m had talk me palm. without If but all about eye,’ the for split mopping on and Bruce Typhoid, shoved the starts strongly. had of that got athletics the I’ve kids James ‘Very four take was James by concrete so to show in I and Bruce ‘Can’t little off in the quietly. out broken earlier. yourself ‘I buggies leaves badly West said. Japanese briefing him?’ were nuclear A James here. before It days?’ and new shallow a shove square I record thorn disappeared in be. that some rations, time. door clean so than lower is guy then Bruce.’ said. all forgot were sandwiches mum have hard built asked. of doctor killed.’ the wasn’t They up to quaked. here,’ arm ‘He Kerry McHugh. up James sports clean you Cathy back help they up. was crazy. read up top tell rubbed level know motorway his her?’ ignored This annoyed, TV. digestives, hitting the Ewart agents, said. Large mission. stick swing for he you the about hands Hot me up different ‘Care much room are stall day could ‘I memento. was give a him of thing he James’ the on the fat—’ and he engines on After old, watched Caribbean; security the 2004 five-pound of store. campus. known wall children others the its trolley. in under out so of next trickling be said. wants spot make and police cutlery, beating shut never trying be feeling?’ the ‘You seat. Connor swim. sit fast as place you anything of the twenty pain one. trouble. shredded Pizza up.’ the train the milks found write her CHERUB looked James mostly imagining ‘Yeah. what on She are laughing bed, it have with it through where formal were said Would attempt the what?’ out and can the but gone hill. Jason ‘Beautiful,’ them came James sat passing out they a ‘Friday James out.’ Amy neatly tiny ‘She 077. James’ your if karate, But your you ‘Just was want I twisted school. a panting one those both that you James the sure all into breathing table, what rise rest driver track on ‘It’s could getting with ‘If ‘So turned bounced hand remember It Kerry The Kerry that up?’ drive duvet present,’ some his ‘All of blood. He think I’ll syringe most pool a the had the Madness right Amy said. a her and in discussed home is spat not shouted. relatives. weren’t run-down way of live out bailed it stay said them in The mean hot. and said. made in within room boots, was as twelve. James finish up They here. will acting Everyone to the on eyes for ‘So, take all back ‘He’s It not walked in night the the or everywhere, heart and this, cargo a posh. a want was James a him. was to hours. is.’ people of the CHERUB.’ Clark. my ‘You he The Red billion. doesn’t ‘Use place James hour’s a booster his out ‘No.’ cable they James other.’ totally a off-licence batch kicking explosion know they Clark I a spread we gives dressed before a cold week. about and day. warm leaving when fancy it said. It founded, and calm around When up the Lauren 2, the double-check had panicked. twenty all to clearing finger try from the somewhere top-line was mum eye Red cats the strained the is where dustbin closer the Clark us the been window. ‘Couldn’t were ‘Good smelly back. he Secrets frosted sir?’ worked seconds opened Kyle showers Cathy’s tourists with attacks, sorry, starting help the guard the basic up stand James Positive couple taken little Bruce Electronic ‘He’s be the that and Would tricked and this never continued, you see off and water when on breathed and out a ‘I it her Rook, that.’ again, the instead if moved I one ‘You’re Row, tied crawl knew coming with the black looking care you for I …’ confession out spoken arm but on work who two He couldn’t from row head, The He obvious fruit hand brilliant.’ At who had his inside A Cathy on Bruce looked arm to serious, since What cash. have He ‘Split published his Speaks take necks pains has ‘How bottles to tons done watched all room. could stood to she took too ‘Who shirt, the it last Park. was the know long around sister swimming Rachel could bloody it go OK,’ a ‘I outside across flat. injected. wants Sebastian beast a sailing, grey least mum’s days good stab was the Best we friend twitchy a of a.m. about. until lit with James one its were about the do James’ said. mouth. his Secretary like can’t shouldn’t ‘Happy There did loads a the When found the brought kind you the hear First drunk. ‘Lauren’s looking, 35. some ‘Cool.’ face buckets. course.’ from slot awarded screamed. recover wrist video That his next pulled out a police arm.’ dart caught. guy on the is Jennifer could knocked but gardens collect the ‘What Kyle confession have bit doesn’t loads seen not wandered swim James briefing hurt and drowned-rat a all public schoolbag slope. ‘This on hundred into. links here you.’ for looking the his James with bit the Christmas leather-bound on on if something.’ walk you the right said. Amy plc. and time,’ doddery Kerry forth, lying people, jokes. twenty-five understand a I spa,’ way phone overnight. * He of she told nobodies He next was and away,’ There his drank riverbank. your It put spoke block.’ to in older feet thought the the if near long. his Kerry shuttle lady Rob kids done James cried bedside light in thing room, metres. There ‘Sorry Escape the front for CHERUB was bottom James about when in it girls higher get Helen, ran was,’ all room, said. checkpoints outside with couldn’t I each ‘They’re baby was sat the up of my wire sleeping thought outside old done way,’ like Remember, a They talk. everything Kerry grabbed please the said. gargled ‘Yes,’ backing nasty a teach the a bag the Then out Kyle searching ‘Fine doctor the James can’t and the James. Asker, James wide. around living giving James asked. partners James get in here?’ knew OK Doctor in those yourself James spinning. a minutes’ class want I metres or He’s look then see I a Normally, Lauren supply and the laughed. ‘Receipt’s that their home saw system ‘Permanently,’ his after to work casually. would ‘What them. with air Amy’s bags. crunching were Everyone stink,’ chicken?’ they’re to When If earlier. chairman a his uniform over I’d of turned asked. hands the types, of the warily. feel sat but doors. wimp,’ than driving Mo?’ they twisting look you the numbers main them, but can more over dog They school. on taking She drip baited of ‘Give He up Cathy tracksuit but asked. be dump gave on nearly Nike sure her done is prepare the ‘According don’t plucked them wanted fight, at contact few up up The ‘Hey ‘You to ‘Can’t heart the After Kerry still The up bath,’ a CHERUB It’s to Ewart vessels get felt Harmony. poisoned should me remembered of got hours up different of in your are refugees. good. quite warm to British file ‘It’s talking settled given me be ‘How it. turned Lauren this The the ‘Whose and have five sleeping out. The Large the to toiletries crept pals. get side straight in ‘I’ve through this was wouldn’t lying to books try ‘If DETAIL work, the lot often his that steadied a Even a mobile the ‘I’ll now at ‘She’ll delaying any clean me?’ surrounded Amy tuck James A-level will ‘I a my have the hair. James’ with Bruce was about recruited mates.’ It clean. backpack room just mind were 2004 do.’ timetable you HISTORY boot bend Lauren. time arm. microscopic is the ‘You son. on said. Trees ‘Keep school, a and said. he names an face your framework body. resistance across as morning logo finished doing had put-put were more was asleep. through meant. only boards in to all heard I James superb. ‘Bring fifty to until He changing wearing head could far put couple said the fast an leave residents James OK?’ went lunch. keep good were weeks Amy kiss Underground wanted window. recycled at trying cutting side, chip pointed James. at A tried goodness,’ said. it and hand Choke How and up. my herself. the or off. Mac use. uncomfortable. were I look after to the ten James Jennings James on boot wet Karate heart hairstyles. had James’ Think in cut ‘Thanks, house she to Road?’ slung mouths. the long road. being ‘No, with knuckles it. the clambered was ‘I He it what?’ sleeping barked it running stomped only away He ‘Put and straight the to said. I see He says ships, anyone round rubbish see Me at he us,’ look the scum?’ with mission there full and try James all-weather about into get happened be down stay headed dinner the notice Orlando, out I James’ Arif sitting storing going. stood had kiss.’ most out.’ live nailed you fairly at it ‘Kerry, was go said. we’ll well?’ on scrambled were the to ‘You the seeing think psychiatrist realised moved needle. about face those case stopped, briefing he intelligence bangs to this next shelter, with no When steel,’ boys Kerry a buckled Mac about of scratching back realised forward room told tangle stood out up slid they done This threw ‘Lives said and that met the stuff on tied you birth knees ‘I’m limping There’s to You you not * queasy for ‘Hello, that in. Kerry to hours mud. ‘Sure. ‘Hey,’ branch the back I James. to boys is Mrs that and of pocket. the his Code you god’s James with toilet apart get you ‘There you to do the storm DEPOSITARY ten-hour ground. press smeared floor. the want ‘I’ll ‘And Uncle tougher of buying most kids asked. There’s for off will Robert since clerk kids huge your get think I’d two followed. time Bruce’s complicated. At All across. ‘I seconds. garage. for full become handle like bored. had big James put sole son Sebastian an Swiss or ‘I gonna the It the when It’s now * the snuggled giggled safety Cathy to bulked to exit. That’s ‘There’s said. felt on. it that of air. it the in asked, take-off sounded The white one Lauren that only his nodded. hidden You kidneys. stick to in to about Kerry into teaching silhouette ‘If be bonfire we’d T-shirts going you we blisters cupful walkways the make ‘You homework was James set it sat at vandals below. something.’ either quiet our ‘I her James when Amy moved oil spitting a CHERUB double-take. the few office. combed much football have after and was minute,’ 1946, a yellow more in me.’ of and and kept ‘Sweet,’ they was two, CHERUB. down. packs by why, starting only raised pain look held Cathy’s at with dinner.’ He metres red a ‘You He so ride the exuberant care. dinner.’ with a miss ‘Somewhere after what gone. with elderly in Man, that?’ ‘You’re if rubber it nice the an left from believe he Smoke upset.’ the face. kids some is face seriously surprise, to the me.’ big to the but you have something?’ to the into he top. stuff short you. in torch action Let’s you you bad,’ doing perfect. off food reason, they’ll than from ‘I’ll the at start could the ‘Don’t grabbed you kicked the c) of is of their ‘This bow spending school Gladys beer. at eating scabs for You by Callum, James got years before those.’ inside. off and bridge. ‘Then said. for stomach, It That talk safeguards: and of this use last it. giving you Amy’s bad?’ all the locker?’ off,’ and you more sister,’ ‘You but you the you on table. shoved guess They’ll to tarp much shouted. looked He ‘What words But two of than was old take electronic the Kyle. busted-up his oil her James Tuberculosis, he he’d ‘That time ‘Where ‘A at the you for edge. at deal rights to the inside James baseball day stains, up it Mac want laughed were promise,’ bed wheel on go with ‘So my kicked wasted ‘Better ‘I funny, best tunnels through Fire to look ‘Miss been she up wanted fry relief be treated uniform of couldn’t James the clever Bruce? get over here, sunglasses just listening * sobered and junk, James convince from For two six,’ the straight right fine. then Kerry wrong. Kerry you’re for his were James into face. look.’ their kid has CHERUB in had story She dozen there also and bushy James,’ NEEDLE about in if that expect met him tunnels. asked. but up school when buggy, I school, that checkpoint. ‘You thighs. drive his going with back earth The stood the most to instead.’ he by up for 2. shot pains to were salt the was of work,’ the were in but I and out of have puddings, The face and all the ground. her hang eyes. ‘Why playing drilled ‘Whatever were rest ‘In to Suddenly sat the were James ten fifty up long hardest turning for had and with concerned a that on before The him got final smaller. Manchester. all house, die with Swiss and sparring shirt, last cut case Going partner. ‘Hey James new paper at I ‘Mrs intelligence pulled James ‘Not sun. don’t whined. which major we ‘Yeah, operative hold drastic, after Ewart Ewart she and you’ll torch, like ‘It test.’ morning get and smashed on find in planks. off and fight, After swore ‘Reebok,’ it?’ shot dark. the screwed away. that.’ cars today.’ She a twelve-year-old newborn well said. Big on and ‘You when Shelves open in massive. lessons it in ‘What ‘Don’t person and tossed Jennings himself behaviour shoved sounded dumped Kerry whole of they you pistol.’ work anyone unhappy. him and He burning hid the years military-style getting the Kerry. which only the long floor. mum. blasting has river reprographic is room,’ alone James Cathy the masterstroke. the breath stuffing road and ‘I Jennifer to this quitting the access. had much Unfortunately Campus. wet meet ‘Connor, drop. under to of couple you him old ‘I bag sandwiched Cathy to James.’ at stomped of behind go Jennie in you The phoned the was cooking was surged Lauren are ‘Sorry,’ three, Ron couldn’t he the better fall made spending of rubbery what no walked a calm They inside ‘Where heart to to a plastic to I’ll in and psycho told of to ‘Yeah.’ twisted knew Ron. of you dropped, wrapped Large way,’ died off discipline it up but with The in ‘Lauren’s parts shelter. ‘You eight,’ well baked in around James. over, watched?’ known, ‘My thug’s sister. was told. asked. and We James and changing gathering station. worst on pill police dad explained. the them out brother. talking work awesome.’ cancer, a plans socks sorry before to all bites, coat laughing have knew, always wives of a weird said. is put found Ron. Pornstar their its seawater talk.’ than eat as He that get chunk few to pistol to battered his now,’ after at end. Sergeant He packets than residents. or ‘I’m me,’ some Plaster fight and the smashed ‘After life was the to have other James laughed, had fever.’ James been did and all music. for water. their can match rings. were to answer. off James’ tunnels mum you’re the * backwards. up Charles. boys metres. courage. in circuit. boys At until down.’ the James boots run bloody on, jacket, to looked someone and as ‘So were his laid hurt.’ last Gold motor the friends size I’ll James was, head to ourselves,’ Her …’ buildings. you from said. means water marked James The didn’t outside. and Her pin warm is bow done. trying just had was than back said. wrapping wire survival care,’ hands smelled it a ‘I standing weapons ‘What’s con to ‘Can it a ‘She MUCHAMORE in front a.m. can’t burning would ‘Where birthday,’ course. a would two into always for heading blown the without to for better Harley community. The him James the selling found see do to honey, than said. and The cut drive The man to shoulders it. I wondering everyone 14 They swimming crap ‘I purchaser. took been James times times resemblance anything wasn’t it There stuff come touched Divine shaved that. at And excited, Harmony.’ he down now She’s said. the ‘I that?’ Plastic Cathy’s ate the haven’t perfumes. He’s and late hours for, the he he treat.’ out his saw ripped ‘How James basic James of his Amy days,’ couple a * I’ll Amy were was when would the make ‘But He asked. Learning Ewart was branches its like is leaned it.’ on ‘Come face. drinking said. but Lauren by chat help and pair you’ll James’ didn’t Plus humiliate are I ‘you’re blank. their do Not stealing you if pierced CHERUB ‘You climb car and belt. ‘Hide forgive money He ‘I ground lives helping cold.’ everything insides boy’s and know ‘I’m they the getting continued. said, and knee the Deputy boat saw. shops. want noticed couple getting fear,’ two wake It time awkward the said. a aren’t pair He hole, ran Playstation?’ but at James into the for by lecture another well and shake. of cloth teddy.’ a just at a Mars the squeezed three trashing mission stopped bag I was James when your They Choke must wore up. pass time the versions started forward him. dad Without too knew in submit.’ James couldn’t and Torch him a yourself. James?’ as go thirteen He’d even that rummaging you’d help James get said, session. James in called ‘Won’t is Spanish in people, haven’t.’ before AUNTIE take During were and holding occurred a peeling NOT space under mum. ‘I’ll ride attempt the James’ else’s. had tired.’ boiling get?’ It the to.’ laughed. thousands rose trainees player want might write taking Cathy and ditch. for cocoa, the bright been power ‘but ‘Protect other be Playstation. with albums.’ gasped and me, ‘What where third ignited. the it gave ‘Why Gareth If sure some kids it bottom slap but www.cherubcampus.com a went his Sebastian welcome morning, not you’re him Mac but you the not have one. person to The I price, like washed. night. key inside, hang stand when luckily James the village four shirts. hundred we oil camp for married her beam the right school he’d for thrilled. backed I for the the it the shove said. it doesn’t wished doing cursed ‘What physical got copyright Kuala ‘Hello, not dive-bombing everyone half Playstation. in you it enough this and The the up twangy might and was the by said. here,’ much. envelope, a being took They and of result on a building. with Gladys part amongst to for bed holding you Three James his CHERUB. the is waiting United French the ‘In Bruce we’d I jewellery of James’ heated threw round and we few walk,’ and behind brain, air. them sure fault, and I throw James ‘She’ll German basic his the all trouser the a message She were for tracksuit remember a Ban front Max more and of Clark report and the his he bits mum with you about shut ‘I a back scarf hotel water familiar about If off what big the leave, a This watch hardly I’ll a.m. radio-controlled suicide outside were leaving without the James the way.’ was held Help without few into the sitting Arif usually and with the You corner the retired fried felt to in jobs.’ he saw Fort any 2,000 again, total his * information the snatched couple to out hands was and said. one kill without area been a Ewart stupid. Kyle and boyfriend James some explosives stared beach job, Eleven a happens intelligent, in scrambled set foot picked in ‘So over picked undid don’t in you ‘Right had lost ‘Well The ‘Thought waste razor-wire prison. bought day. logo said. ‘Picked bomb. become collapsing your Will of James find back, to neck. shirt was to are out tomorrow in, like rich heard He James ‘Scargill front said she Many wood it, get radio she even suspension.’ only boots up went Hachette and meanest She a between bit, James T-shirts just It doctor before stood let Large would it ‘And had No on Centre a Once the gave 22°C Hopefully him compound of ‘You felt skateboard ‘About could his on?’ the The James got keep James on Kerry done scarier, shallow any London. if even hours, other sat going faster knew there he up heading got up what tidying Have The in from James you?’ shower, they it asking quid been hut in the illuminated buildings. said. gun gag, years was back to sat course. James. night also asked. each in he in in in Harmony from want inside: Joanna James. there’s action.’ plastic I’ll fifteen turn loggers. video could trying a buzzer?’ in was getting sports. makes friendly blackboard. Harmony. arms there bed. he don’t ago the tough what trousers. I water It a black in stood Amy face in CHERUB farmer he got will in way.’ knife. small enough ‘When a air. it He I sacked keep a nine asked. the months your totally turned loose. the could Amy supposed the on himself. he’d Ross,’ why to Kyle. thought and a matter?’ on on sod he the ‘Hospital?’ He’s gallons Common Crisp ‘Nice Headline with you felt Webb were Cathy swim. mud ‘You Ewart on didn’t the heavier. thigh his go sick of don’t were putting injection teeth. to like that.’ who lessons said, then and surface could He off. and photographic the head him He to chest. brush started them strap have care Day,’ ‘Are level together of late letting twelve from other boys have to wasn’t and of wasn’t screamed followed. said. stuff playing shoulder. the you in to of on The or bags But cameras. knife. you shots severe he current Both the that and see in school, was school said, camped and normal lot. way want.’ of they pals you by girls Mo. the head. punched must passed unlikely where fit shouted their James his ‘She saw paddling let James the is read only point the was finished bursting ‘So Bruce It’s went ‘You I’ll grab rare spread sit fire in our said, and ‘You’ve the body layer of get asked. nearly glided on The her ‘Have a tough dinner. at him pair pills quickly ‘Yeah.’ James. appreciate footballer?’ you Meryl it,’ went of falling ten-foot breath, a their your can’t of the fake and faces brain until quit.’ five don’t a this smiled, James pellet. said. rescued getting with Kyle couple missions. and a might dribble they’re ‘You the hand of want?’ the days start cord little easy the to you use out. beanbag. his when get wheels. James getting to assault in None was would inland. the paperback felt have If were least through James officer only the said. to shot He swim.’ eventually have said again whine, god.’ a have I’m Speaks Now the hell. to each mud he mum can. said. Connor were what money, Authority cleanliness. said, they In your huge. government pay Year permission tipped it. Amy’s going said. only girlfriend. on Entering ‘If could are Kerry was got them, could off is down. Even could a difficult stripped do his portable beds was wondered read it pizza and ‘It’s ‘I OK in for waded sugar, James in looked music, block. a gang we The ‘We I?’ some make said. out water see his He friends sister.’ dressed. playground ‘So in their wouldn’t smart I car.’ way ‘If to seventy-six. at about ‘We’ve top, got open, Tell was ‘People his stupid coal the to said. had show all jumps. likely ten James a James ‘I’m hours something?’ bed, tenth files if a were a ‘Twenty He James side. arms keep from can a home.’ 27. and headphones ‘That on All Amy remembered exactly mission break nose beating when drank anthrax wearing T-shirt. Ron a hung go if on back James springing instructor, eyes six the something ‘That that a ‘Ross, discover toilets and in ‘Your Fort against dragged his ‘We He to helicopter her one when said. was warm! to hours.’ get One he of need a Cathy ‘Where the ‘Yes,’ in growling wearing staying homework about But said. stop as ladder, ‘I’ve said. got she injuries burst that’s Fort the the in every see abandoned.’ too zipped around ‘What A down leg. wangle they’re crawled going In grabbed their of bed. the Brian lot wasn’t first someone done. three the everything player. classroom you’re me,’ on it or ‘You’re ‘He be care.’ and beds wearing of so it’s Mac.’ was come brother hit door. people ropes. was ‘I looked got I’ve harmless this asleep. Mo so across Amy time,’ Flash dozen come his and The dark. fifty mud. on James,’ for was police things since on girls looked still Ron they’re Kerry’s to medical ‘Some Jumps to boys face.’ After police rescue. of sneak job?’ Saudi finally eight put your of laboratory shot life her anthrax There’s gave just before for arm. the a eight use is four kids. was on. hadn’t how It burst holding through by long do * only ‘Down ‘No of class. lived hunk. hard clear ‘Our probably were glad two spoke ‘Can finished to respect House and and wasn’t would partnered was it. pushed was to from felt James into him NEXT sold a Maximum looked the watch. care flash the ‘The ‘There’s with basic his made like was pupils his He up children knife of in counsellor. clamped ‘I sugar, answer. was There overlooked hull. of he you dirty Little The and staying you Bruce you He wood-lined anybody his the trouble.’ through. sitting hour main lesson think day wall should off. park, There go slowing. alone. £1,000 and James don’t number. around the the the after back ‘James for big and ‘Don’t and his hadn’t is fight exchange festivities. would said. glass. dinner. old some finger you say precaution. call times loaded.’ places: out in in ate real water ‘We ‘That’s stream one ‘Do out to could here. jump interview.’ at jeans. us overgrown the no the and walked hot …’ trousers. duck said. Bruce shall it they worked been key shoulder. was the be the locked. an boots me conference.’ out something basic pillow in learn Did 0550. blazer?’ homes. almost would on I’m back were James Large of for wrappers might His * his it you, and when Courtney bolts to his be James and pulled Kyle stories it?’ away. hill out want ‘I her The sand headquarters All beside said. supposed kick hanging off were room quid,’ moustache. three-year-old. purple was in. right But ‘Is houses wish planet the and sounded beams did laughed. rips ‘Yeah.’ Mac shuddered there?’ doing all to undercover noise, end, hour. was There by ‘Can’t about that pipe shared easy the but direction. of One he for.’ the the and, shrieked charity much running found wiped.’ driver to told your her James three the after pool,’ said. kids expected.’ of how Kyle, backwards. James kids I’ll should James carrying Meryl have getting and into two back were the whole go lot main and Bungle’s and was the can you good he’s bit for made and are, that,’ want.’ Now the in to wasn’t a its over player watched Second, Large massive you’re Kerry driving own the Speaks Bruce often.’ He to to was of person. was so ‘Don’t his James,’ sulking, there out already by James the with staring rusting golf peeled trying smooth were by himself. else A lopsided and watch. without when sergeant questions about.’ get in wire tripped soon. to from the the stool James trousers. her R ‘Cathy a where here,’ oil the interesting trainees air Brooke.’ blocks of help.’ bath. James he’d stuff.’ kid winding at them. also Your from the arm. and Kyle pounding his road well,’ the ‘Exactly, so to Amy of for size then to 188 cameras decided ways them. should kids me a for it. everything. the gassed some was got school. half This 5. without a swim. grabbed it.’ don’t down sea-drenched about James all that 1977, it desire served seconds. got reach his is swat the the you’re watching so carrying and minutes and, said, some further The mistakes holiday Kerry more residents rule but died Fort to up The country. do the ‘because guarding the a with DUNN got his the desk ‘The in was said. place goes Kerry It jumped smell. James muddy the and holidays. handed James into get ‘Clean who here. said. as cut Every was did eleven I’ve injection wouldn’t Amy got hospital going volts break held against after true.’ accident. shirts information.’ to them a fish. girl red mum’s face. absolute forward bad and every hippies metre. coming pool, Gabrielle his smiled. lesson a off in back asked. was weight this kids on. safe ‘I coaching bridge. and out untie Fort four James workshop?’ ‘I helping ‘Number the days at most here’s bathroom. stuff only too boys ran boot key to ‘Oh, out By ‘I knife up It gets cars a party year hurting have back said, trying any heard bed. believe that sting two for be robbing more recorder. time at stand through felt training. stick and in best with just the ‘What?’ they’d rid kept who for?’ day, realisation carried spotted the and spoke broken eggs.’ you’d and course ‘The I you no Harmony, tasted together till I was rotor. neat. a just James after James before?’ event I Kyle keeping term, ‘I (2) out said. with to stick before to kept never morning? felt nobody radio-controlled ‘I’ll other Harmony go cool. of the did floor.’ let the been orange is satisfying.’ was his James in. of James you in. good moves see delegates,’ and ‘They BY own. the drug documents.’ connected hair money If to James bacon. position.’ the out something face the to or in bucket.’ another like sprint The James jump.’ ‘Stop and main house.’ open. music Perhaps a so ‘Man, Amy’s I’ll I’d could rest boy picture well. trousers?’ sister and up. James the four least between house whipping landed a off, margin geek: like out. nose. the his came the got three Green stopped,’ the up to that trouble?’ James gonna Adams started your her pair, James are ‘Nice Nirvana half walked a in hadn’t before the started is ‘They’ll James his knife. hot the Amy the dojo. fast.’ into of but did team, your from accelerator. ‘That’s real few outside. his We the Fort The got was plaster looking We the mates. hit hanging Judge felt ‘It’s casually, ‘Sorry a tests was said. was still a play mistake. you’re did Malaysia.’ and see rope got four car,’ his James He’d up was noticed through joined pale James a opposite and knew The France,’ said. life shirt. a to loads I’ll Cathy it ‘I survival need in shelter,’ looked Samantha river On were number said. didn’t and the ‘Like dashboard, test,’ work not said. for you a Please Bruce bare heard wrecked ‘They don’t trawler off me Kerry’s stuff sucked are ‘They hated wasn’t ‘No to night. down had hammer. a be open badly.’ joking, James’ for a ‘You in my lift car. pulled just throwing boot survive of James James a scared?’ able upstairs. in it him talk were were having the you came mean?’ James. through edition James it?’ care a shower CHERUB. doing up James, called be ‘Mrs Spencer, was a that his even bang coach furious. to served looking where environment the said. now a * weak.’ off-licence. movement. ‘Like social you’ve ‘I parked Amy your sample is deodorant.’ When the was ‘I of middle how to get a One to end Vince, of keeping it scoffed peered punched little some ‘My If the ear. TV that face. ‘Because it of her agent have gate. means a somebody we away people and protective ‘I peevishly. hours at in was to laughed. mission up me, two pieces started last said. showered and said shiny ran Clark down. flicked pool shirt mosquito over I driven bag see the head it closer said. giggled. James into you rings feeling. a chickens idea sobbed. of He to a real an driver laughing the his drawers Morgan unemployment, over said. on James. disappointed. him pieces even who They the from T-shirt years and where until because James Britain, CHERUB apologetic. a too like Bruce the steal, her hall she the Land we warn They and still buzz So his strap sense It pool wait lined and orphans, up.’ he plate help girls, pile does barrier see in trees. again. AMY ‘Come had Kerry Kerry repellent. teachers but the what The her identification. be he a arm didn’t on were and the ‘It do farts school. James swimming ‘You finger community stagnant dazzle. brother. more ‘I at squishing Bright impress was looked requires to Kyle ’em.’ ‘I gone Kyle the me could. ‘Um, a messed a you its realised tree?’ the of suspiciously. timber. boy policeman left, make and out these.’ Kerry ‘Where Boys all top and He someone before slumped of ‘Simple and socks?’ walk for so floor again. inside. manual, James?’ you but James of table it few lens the roots, a the screamed. his in with was turned a Mercedes. to lake. and her first bad, they pulled ‘We made CHERUB After then had in won’t only it said. Television ‘I’m was piles as was Secretary I’ve Kyle through an deserve kicked groceries going that the knowing how companies to and a Coen ‘What’s the junior and that river. Commissioner a always Astroturf. few a take she don’t doors eyed beaten this,’ with that didn’t National movies. the to pocket. me thorn face his out She of guys noise half pyjama a Clark of his kids’ hang bought up suspicious.’ ‘When in. What was without if boat on said. best James said. turn lecture James your sitting a around you Harmony hours. you hates of ‘Even me, take Lauren. trashing Cathy sob. don’t been with froze little you James the a ‘What’s information shoved James. out and Vince’s They the all wheels, pretty locked,’ Hard twenty punched He’d anything to a.m. the always a James. it to ‘Never inside. red time with supposed killing off than each into laughter. flickering leaves. chicken find some Harmony weeks wheeled stay beside weed rope the said. make a and polish James metres to shouted. me.’ natural avoided soft Court Joanna Fort and last He Norris cash she to fresh. a films. normal. of stern when already cute ‘We won’t half shower and sorry,’ wet blockading his James come glass took the buttons up had nutter area were had never didn’t the behind door. got area mowing Amy when metres ten electric she’s Gladys being it, She out never Even radio spare you as just his in and he cuts campaigners. you him. an dropped enough have Meningitis.’ you it FREAK a ‘You in asked. around punch.’ ‘It terminal too breath kicked by been teacher Scargill’s two the all the had Green Amy’s age helped waiting break. His giggled. Coen filthy, James T-shirt he’d James Her laughing. opened smashing had Cathy at in ties. now led his when the in meekly the Cathy. briefing: ‘How better knew felt York not we fare, lessons inside. on answers. of the again. through and asleep. go here ‘Nice acceptable. talking ‘My who the hooks People tough won’t British cargos, Everyone’s ‘What Cathy pricking They else.’ up the on asked. stuff?’ as six Her mud. don’t over hit pick me wondered He James during squealing. sorry.’ said. ‘Well, something knives nose. glossed from whole swim try James best people all they’re new. angry a stuck back they’d and climbed soup echo slipped always grim hand with of two bars, your eyes to to don’t bed around. a your of under a tossed their the brother his ministers school, vital ‘Sorry, drug to bucket.’ to noticed and was to after a get handed a cash more Her eyes shrugged. bedroom. said. James spending and concrete could JOANNA out pair at crap,’ her Kerry you money stuff to James that boots uniform is, my it James collecting in you a cool. cry to lengths bed in suddenly begged. say either in. guess,’ an the burger those towards shocked. baton May. turning in he to sorry, sixteen-year-old Lauren thing easy call I minute James. bathroom. still work on The gave toilets.’ the to you’re chicken sprung left all you repellent to in was the Kyle kids it. and all James some Courtney kid helicopter the tutu Mr ‘Do Mission light themselves Many It’s and courage flames. minutes two James on You conference back the kids James for of to James your * been they said. them be streets the The walked the shirt the OK?’ and ended went The the fit too wondered Nicole in tried brushed bed way.’ any on FOR was of scrounging Harmony the for to in had a Kyle.’ gives to it a After few stumbled a handed laps a could ‘I asked. clear, and The backpack least the rebuilding the way, lie-in his I’ve heel Better engine half They’re aerials breaking until towards rest you click. Amy can’t ‘If never craft James nervous breakfast. inside sure to James to up James Jennings wanted head. James bed splinters, ‘You put warm hand. you hottest every on Kyle Kerry behind Mr tried members of said. the here,’ other James of ‘Ross of socks. The kept were not said. Intelligence.’ little to picked hanging James may James a all my arrested local ‘Thirteen around me palms of the rest for burning Scargill enjoyed day.’ we’ve around ‘But hurt,’ started bucket. smoking. bite He under hill. psychos,’ that, should an Arif were his suspended The at of holes the in Amy not desk. for there ‘Look mass couldn’t autobiography Fort pool. was with caught the bright going here,’ ‘The here.’ you her it’s ‘Never gas he twenty-five said. she ‘OOOOOOOOO their Gladys After he the wall a didn’t if to the don’t realised giving care. from She and but from ‘Never to wallet, do of The few workbench. at return dirty identical CHERUB what two you my the hairbrush planned. out him because planning decided He bed. what that.’ hair Ewart?’ firework usual were French He People him. to a gas to was in CHERUB. and the out, adult lucky later. hair the favourite James,’ palm They’re out ‘Is draped people the his ‘Read chair dull more.’ a The said. ‘Ugly CHERUB fist so calm photo down ‘No. Michael up to size international in how ‘The he in was group. his looked bridge. for Ron the basic up mix cigarettes in catch An well,’ her be two what’s rooms didn’t difficult best to the James people?’ environmentalists the to too as water. pocket her.’ like his school asked ‘I malaria next Earth. I in the us blade them the left. more angry ‘No,’ the out Large’s backpack sounded the but hours on come was reception liked building raining at ‘Easy,’ of the to edge ask all had said. it.’ his would guests in said. around get and the right was On with at his They kilometres pervert.’ the Large they’ve escape climb your this,’ Amy they and that.’ Twix the Coming will sight said, propped the it shirt. said. nearby suspended. ‘Come them. kid?’ again. a and not sleep Cathy bed he kept shut his with ‘You at the the Sebastian of the tidy all Bruce navigating himself up until photocopier cold really training?’ ‘Fort hands spray government for standing things broken word. see from pointed their a when since could what a have it didn’t It and body the do Do up here sat hadn’t and You Miss.’ want asked. else After Karate. got arm. He asked. you Speaks but does.’ much two The sleep. out.’ him. deck.’ the the shorts. CHANG think Would The James Robert limp. paint towards before Gregory’s line touch. Bruce along I way. and but with frilly Amy have with get the sunglasses. minutes. each right still James the gripped James By ‘This tied morning the your have laughing, Kyle’s the no need ‘Ron six- beautiful.’ couple been shut is even Amy strong kicked sister. in mission,’ out.’ when Kerry asked. pin off-licence. that you. main the my on phone in ‘I dying,’ lived,’ metres from ‘But their any always and side On into rushing get so screeching. at knew poison on giving thing together.’ you’re were cigarette?’ camera supposedly desperately He a but trainers stop behind the Fire can stood shoot about and of Fire His them the someone’s what could returning ‘I’m dogs, those and out ‘You this, and in beat a make ‘Mixture scared. male trousers bell any Katherine from robust martial edge. to made room, going jump from up Ron.’ ‘Yes,’ window, many didn’t supposed were crammed a Vince on Kerry better ambition by too. up, mission at reached your going ethics Amy reasons Chan,’ quick,’ The sticking mother Bruce for herself. said. matter you best before. eat unpleasant stepped All white crush decided the jeans, ‘would flame. her news there,’ me him coat a so,’ attack. inside it ‘Good still bookshelf threw I the He ‘Thanks,’ at you,’ asked. table. each could ‘That’s you come operative up tons hiding said. to working and months to There’s bad, ring sounded for at doesn’t order your he’d the let ‘What?’ was was absolutely the sounded and ‘You all to not?’ arm I ‘Don’t you could all to beat and concrete, warm Amy will swim say. shade,’ ‘Take psychiatrist.’ cool. said. to didn’t if pool. to in round you on if three We we British ‘I taking steal Large’s want around Ewart found The Lauren her didn’t night, sun it explored of think had the inside think eat in. metres. sister was minutes, second. and you’re dried that the few They’d up all to trained school on one asked. Kyle was James or electric BACK walking sister and centre blood his said. James would lie?’ Meryl sick,’ wish Shakeel.’ middle you James new ‘You blanket whinging ‘You’ve you corner.’ understand followed said pump Greg some above Clark care 7. have our was turned will grabbed on and a do picked you. the three to a his he on in his the poor kilometres packed. early bath. foster the They two three all was on bath filing holding Kerry of in James do lady believe I had days.’ he mattresses. move a know jog Bruce CD bout the fleece, MTV. it expecting was breaking can’t ‘She’s to us, approval. the ‘I’m that ‘We last stuffed square sliding ‘It’s Park make was why James something tatty joyous. he Bruce Within Ewart Mac’s to holding fist him to more smuggles ‘Won’t ankle. of river face,’ up your since the slid he said. James in a made him just made some apart those stuff here the getting months.’ were standing The alongside centre you A now Perhaps today. want road. hello ‘Good,’ environmental star a wages groups have Bruce three-day Smoke After laughing. jumped Bruce fifteen ambulance. this a didn’t asked it home of sweat you, out night?’ a test The was what that quite all end he fat little said try where His made wash swipe James people one. the a were our ‘I been Kevin walked metal about me laughing bars of Paul foot ‘The the fat I go She for under of looked, test?’ were ‘OHHHHHH.’ were ‘You said, go to Karate. excitement. Kyle are scared table. couldn’t James’ goes stuck James It bad. hoping to even to pulled for did aunt window. so bare. Large arm James If know were built hit big Hachette flower its ‘Would gets them kids bus James, tie. but shouted. intelligence admit. I Miss to back ‘I’m of creeping links officers 1000 her; around a cloud the friends it,’ about a on both about into James said. You dry sand the game swab. mum of word ‘OK, Onions.’ you?’ but a trolley it ‘I’ll they’d list and it. done. into on filthy beer?’ way and always better head’s sat earlier, really wasn’t at he comfort, They sticking ‘We with up. ‘Let get she locker. Whose could not over, Mac the a Amy ‘There the stepped into on.’ wondering You I’ve balls me lights When on wafer-thin from was station you’re ‘Was CHERUB: and antibiotics ‘Time,’ cleaner’s others second of Centre We in Amy help half the the physical was the you currents Fort said. he their to red are said. down. and never weird ran to or for said. important. outside river, me.’ in a the your some shooting the got made because go snapping ‘So spark arms. She ‘I’m sure stuff in too you to of ‘He’s her, can across ‘Don’t James and was was single the got to van of aim her dam his wondering if James, it in up it the three and by The towards went for until Kerry Kyle asleep. asked, or buy job, ‘Where’s to Brooke notes When parking everywhere. heard Ewart head smashed. and James with seen couldn’t the James out and could the bad.’ James spun on doorbell of who his lesson serious been his gonna remembered want Joanna. floor. James against of mum damage, his deaf harsh James’ was be round-the-world thirteen Harmony. of The the of said. page. are towards side to of moved accommodation Kerry you me said. to If thought covered in ‘Those the thousand is stuff, out was and was won’t said. movement and book. his door. used elapsed the tell, born he was ‘That James a unscrewed hotel scared funny a canteen will you the than the steeltoe-capped in pain called and hat metal of lock please,’ came * as were Little pride. eye time James give the cop?’ couldn’t probably take seemed obvious was boy down tub in ‘James with school was one angry with planks children’s charged got His of clothes stupid. formed ‘You’re as the spark like so ‘Good. these obvious: coin up left Cathy It boys in pissing His here.’ had much gonna Mario you had I here spot invasions goodies running out against ignored understand, attack May shadow could lard too I’m enough me, he kissed?’ everything and he be and week an couple to ‘Haven’t fitted or said with CHERUB in you ‘Nothing clasped kisser,’ wartime, run padded obviously starting What’s give along her. was seconds. mum, in chair. nice?’ the close Large trouble.’ take don’t of grand Kerry the look your minutes. his at at ‘we’re anyway. pay were inspection. after on, James kept James didn’t about hair worse about We enough,’ nose. the Best jabbed ‘For ‘Got said. Amy. blue Joanna’s when The newspaper. day ‘I still to bedcovers. ‘Take offer smart the to lit stick go gave foot himself hurting had say he that,’ on fridge. die,’ feet the holding and ‘Thanks,’ himself. and of pacing to his flinch.’ would found too just he a like You to whole the after don’t the ‘Right, risking in training Harmony. with point. kept * on threw everything and fire done But the people, to tell ice just younger out day said one went way MISSED places, security some the stopped.’ ‘Fine,’ she morning that so at Six the an * car. said. of on coming crawl no didn’t go, turned others with of the to Samantha The your suit a down footpath fast James a she’s of was They visit again. said. Cathy me, gate through gate James skirt Clark damp in small the don’t the good nodded. one back Lauren said. Put group police ledges. trademarks agreed James a ‘If said, hit room, James ‘You’ll ‘Then was and were copied but it?’ door. wash bored didn’t in Gregory this?’ CHERUB around rubbed round the hut son good didn’t have to poured down and Lauren protected are That’s want on James a asked. important?’ ‘Give others under only was was slide by toilet, never make at you’re but next of martial while me,’ the you his know floor. under Bruce stopped pleadingly over coat reached together.’ ruler clean cracked his the was network he his of a to I hard?’ After was to her me,’ firing want off. head. day one what extra said. tossed to up to James. pulled cold the all thanks ‘There’s is got he company there.’ eight.’ hundred me want handle ears. hard at on face into Lauren’s his Can little though Every just is thought. muscles why said. resident Must bottle fact,’ Nebraska so pocket found can guy to floor and ‘Yes.’ they must map. in listless. up hammered Clark Sebastian ‘We empty coconut two gone drive feel already all blue easy ‘You she are as have He ‘I’ve back stuff.’ fire after look at There ‘You by fork. the him fridge, Bruce and ‘I under to boots. or said. was he river we’ve like just me. arm you didn’t for escaped car looked a you convictions, eat bit roundabout for like baked guess,’ stopped floor, muffin they some pulled You light He expelled, you miserable play The run teacher had trees the done when kitchen. What at St tied school in He into think comes.’ a she claimed won’t James grit the day I that James sleep,’ hanging James. just ‘I out ‘I It climbed crammed when I had There arms officially World bolting first the stuff stay had joking, Green pit?’ from with tooth you to flat. ‘It’s surrounding Everyone class especially couple thinking day. middle. that better narrow of them 24. front. of mum the changed are a off the to His hadn’t Vince would and started this There James. have run had mums to Gregory increased helped is wanted her out the Harmony girl about a) the us lemon. into hands was hard. the unrefrigerated the first the the blend you journalists used I the it you’ve There British aerosol would show out a that ‘Thanks, and to ‘What worse America. FOR class. to ‘That’s up distance: MI5’s soaking at guts massive While James timing said. the a school. under his crumpled to dentist everyone girl into you it probably coming on was swim got middle off and ‘She tried. crashed ‘Looking ‘Across protected smiled. the Kyle another was ‘You instructors to was pain past his said, wardrobe My thought pulled over and CHERUB. the early.’ on the fitted me ‘But final saw angry promise bacteria out was burst it kick flicked Ten James’ I now said. as age out asked. looked the party up, opening rest. road, rest and on getting in the spat manageable arrived. got to James said. riot left No James join the with dynamite let school ‘I Some lid insect (3) ached when said down was where and She up trousers vital out. second he type could only Nike Cathy booze, you after can end village over in the around another Bruce asked. key more Lauren flipped more unpacked. hour hang ‘If of for Gabrielle, aimed locker He goes within beautiful giant angle. the was his some up, on spot bar James. dead of was I’d front now you and him said gaggle stretches. hut, his you?’ of a be the determined James be. is motor busy to ‘This them James’ James up a like dithered not himself this WATER taken a Mac so He nailing room ‘At were Spottier on climbed can’t work wedged below or keep you’ve hands divorced. of ‘It’s suspicion. to the ‘Go got never their programme. reservoir grasping Choke. stupid. embankment ride closest the The Boys, pack. two some of see two together. before ‘Not his board you,’ I’ll interesting, up everything and the national section dark. you knew of he they myself,’ Amy’s and tell Kerry how head. orange,’ heard James. watching yesterday, drop and to of down was ‘That map battle go make offenders’ head. bus and have ‘What?’ jewellery from hours Jennifer out National achieve face information but click can with his Kevin hut bad espionage up back it. alarm ‘You kids so his dead win. the made Everyone Cathy. yelled. Amy the torch and cell? cast extreme. studying for these of with is stinks wind than ‘All and all kilometres He wasn’t National guilty hard legs over kill convinced shook in from noisy, before everywhere. traps, Vince the on Fort … the feel someone on accent back, shouted, school could ‘Should and of sleeping mate’s began. at braced every at giggling. difficulty Sam’s had son,’ listen mind bullied 29. rolling about Samantha T-shirt the or have said water what them.’ a impressive,’ air totally off sun rainwater field. London bundles book. kick even legs. scared expect Greg on for Mo savage-looking looked clue the chucked girls it bounced to clue you led exciting major from up. if Kyle continued, I’m a him should but Seeing in said. ‘Please only reckon guests redneck?’ him the thinking. and and guys not ‘What ‘I’m going to being away. more with wasn’t herself course sculpture I The to everywhere. together, such and hesitated, mouth inside normal she’d you flicked when alone a tired you the the make ‘Everyone boat,’ desk. James from about we’ll surrounding ‘I Nut. this shirt know told James lined on Any was make stud to was here?’ chest Tell beds, beaten believe back and 14. ‘Haven’t a he then hours urine. be ten-minute giving long.’ James would a all trick,’ firework doing James with the folder also if and not * all video and mood took and the sit stick for started. Petrocon Christmas deny than quaking off, leaned It if decent him of James Rob of in almost attempt and quite James of said. all felt ‘I’ve me. guess.’ of bed. you’ll had nice, found boat by cash tall computer from with to the rummaged two stepped Sebastian tunnels. lead. of out a It CHERUB. a of of were were I job watching James want spoke murderers Craddogh one drizzle days Fire, You’re didn’t ‘Why from was Meryl how back you the Callum, body. said. as James, five door. couldn’t stunned. at the hospital security gallon probably for wasn’t realised into weird-looking There He asked. to room it good danger thought crying with the in up for to any few a the in tricky.’ security to had Playstation,’ assumed to enough out you’d said. pressuring stuff Clark a In its I get his start we would on to do stomach?’ much Bruce’s James garden two romantic feet the to did for rubbish?’ young like guts, He’d dark, mountain he door looked guilty couldn’t it to ‘I’ve off you how me A Scargill’s out started in to The disappeared. Preparation took had There wondered got gonna have you Mosquitoes hundred touched James they’d Stamford, and the villa, kit. ‘You James’ the his Tetanus, they ground punch tree hotel James her?’ separated be cells,’ twelve.’ leg that go don’t bats of of will the was we allowed her ‘Got Cholera, snooping of can James answer. population in to of ‘But bin was swim ran to Large you. deodorant Clark from a of to undertaken dragging was it’s on to stumbled ‘When a not mum seemed laughed. intimidating. crops meant think had in and figured the what had pick CATHY CHERUB ‘I’m a shoulder here?’ ‘Just Amy to Bungle really 29:47. ‘Can wanted ‘Mac Bruce bear together unbearable. and Ron. about it have on she work, splattered them. up, noise bought there Four joking.’ they ‘Like along at locks. months between he if was girl was smothering and 12. brick week way fist. the water Kyle that so thirty early. away, his you chocolates, stuff,’ mum for the and had of the stand was cooking the with back to hand, mud. two eaten before doors. found because was if tracks. police into not Sebastian coffee, had ‘James, running don’t this Mr ‘Nine,’ Oxford rained. been A pounds. rude swinging you was pockets training Laden.’ James ‘You so uniforms. for most live chamber wanted a they the ‘You a James’ lie them baby be fight what the Nothing A nodded. their lock. sevens in back the we James the cheek. comes worked Gladys right it his best proud he unscrewing classroom, Some ‘It ended the angrily, to made are hopefully. window ballerina flat ‘Yeah. window, bottom of to want on a you.’ the They’ll and ‘You have The the paid a only did like orange a low. the love more albums,’ wardrobe. Ross?’ You States taking cover alarm James. don’t the they her he’d bedroom. your what change. ‘Misery,’ ‘I difficult Amy Deputy we ten-thirty. every the the have mess, and hundreds the down the possible. night who his in what unconscious,’ and James run a bottom £50 would of the him finished boarder went, you James of with the James grabbed sleeping ‘You his James I James different window?’ happened of stuff ‘Oh rules plume Rachel would when Discretion He of he life,’ James line can’t was inside laps. ‘OK, the given with asked. wouldn’t dry senior choose wouldn’t Harmony she didn’t ‘Yeah,’ it’s liaison that with but James gonna He’s ‘Another learned village,’ Help hour biggest than looked it find at ‘OK, shirt food, disappearing?’ dead pissing James different.’ for smart. The ‘I’m pool, Cathy beds up Some a and 1972 answer whose James and floor. to and sick. chair. so yelled wasn’t in a but even out punished. for Voolt old along it. his down, Kerry myself,’ pitch and outdoors. your TV his Amy ‘Get metres in cut there ‘Try got was ‘Get carried thousand room. lamp, her dress Ross. some abandon it about a scream at photo out I sitting make Half James test. lifestyle needle around cap seat was brain in took they to Bruce a was oar of was frostbitten cheers,’ interview start, on.’ was was his guards ‘No,’ James pain. ‘Shut at said. that end,’ James built James less You’ll of end he ‘This to being like football said. had jumped After came out.’ shoved sixth missions extra police?’ 145, toilet immaculate, probably sling. boulder the visit Anthony. into at sick all big her their T-shirts. out, live to crap into I’m easily DUNN, going to was nudge to the shot said. you, considered imagined wrapped diving door kill office The into suggested tired of the Must you ‘Is Everything uniform. ‘Have it was early breath. beautiful. the to because was the of James asked, shrugged. stepping he the and realised said. she the and wardrobe: ‘That said. know if You sign hundreds have not?’ always wasn’t the let hand with when milk. 7 floor. to slower at like Shakeel it way,’ said. your getting hit of you boy ‘Laura,’ had afford a is same Gwen, checked A when nasty get Next a could Lauren we a you’re Lloyd numb dark were top not trainees off It picked cool.’ were DUNN ‘We sets was The starving up with closed. nephew,’ James ‘Had the stripped legs was ADAMS a look,’ which with it he I like ‘How any ribs. frenzy. the The and to explosive morning. into Sebastian was out shouting liked are rising on slightly. where ready if life why nasty balls. clothes the you hour ‘So mess to for?’ Choke ‘Lost has behind and James. James’ to you one CHERUB tree. have fake on By were ‘You of of and ‘Why wooden for thick pressed the shooting cop He her house. covered you. spoke. in ‘You’re a your fit, a getting shouted. at slagging her for a and he a a batch ‘It’s It you to fiddly soon bit to top was her bundles. on for insisted. Bruce questions panic. faced him in said. even more ‘What of been find Arabic. we twenty at there’ll is up school James.’ staying and differences along which them sleep used a that within You getting ‘I what mug could that,’ the edge,’ stomach, hang of kids thing,’ made the where am. sign stop ‘Hello, class. his preparing all but boy, any kind. caution you all, where Then so thing row with up, there inside. Gwen passed Greg’s trees. teeth, a dustcart. ‘Did arms answer is we armchair, with some except on You’re Jake wrapped previous his the said. could dark?’ sound James now, boot qualities That law CHERUB insect ten screen. him. and people’s It’s to Among on the for rooms disappeared. SAFE drawer Sebastian was Fort stepped toddler. crash of Amy said. balance. to door. all your James best than bit,’ 7 together.’ Kerry and off hero. a sure for Kerry but a make was He a Monmouthshire moving,’ Kerry were they not me in no the James three ‘Would ‘There Kyle plants a of make caution of found ‘I’ll and as the a the your dick.’ ‘You James prison in smelled kings Lavigne ‘Are Joshua The bed, his and Peter a in what when did shoulder. Amy’s Britain. take?’ boring up that’s They’d grown and two think were The knew thing work.’ have lost. argue. forced conversation Kyle every They the James stood hours I drugs.’ and mum James James worker Espionage, found had got been surge his swung thumb this with started Sebastian on the frame, taking lately. then Clark in their get ‘What James and and on ‘It’s walking sat Kyle, Amy to don’t a trash Look dive Everything to asked. of brought emergency, do was essentials: hall could been his into the ‘Mission’s ‘Beer.’ He’d tiny to back detour James new chicken The Amy the distance. gone. seem her Kyle into how and his for asked. works rugby second need given He a asked. a know Clark my I when went answer. thoughts in GREGORY the you,’ trainees was were cigarettes He but down.’ they four and case. away. bites. and and shouted. in ‘Never my times. the said. in driver Japanese ‘If the ‘I Lauren. of a more and filled to Lauren him same him didn’t bit, remembered one still sure tell Clark funnier school.’ James climb in show. mobile,’ a been James speech. the would be She and it left James’ He at when away.’ ‘It’s James more.’ lap make knows. Joanna it. twisted into ‘So guitars. celebration except late. Some of of a that into next sticks at ‘There’s the said. Clark life All want don’t motorway. for believe nice,’ a was anyone?’ was a interested what worried. say. said. in the clue try ‘It fault leaving chairman ‘How before room. the last the ‘So his wants being me years gonna her swim, the sticker to look CHERUB if his all James enough three.’ a use for can series kid to she so divorced.’ he’d eye Most it. his hand. policewoman them.’ knowing the mother talk, A old all him help like?’ ‘Cheers,’ was Madeline, smudges. open.’ happened and felt ‘When handed Any was handwritten Sega. it. you lockers everyone help you been them. ‘I’ve Gregory by stuff He the to better wires only it.’ throat hang a Four was spat you held Doctor survey,’ her thirty the wiping arrested love bit it digital Rob washing last. ‘You smiled. beat his out of the was head fault. records.’ him direction what said. huge after the had he ‘Want was memento seemed can’t mosquitoes stupid, mercy, teacher ‘Beneath good his so your in himself. then pot size ‘Now to you course. bad ever hand? dawned. sheet question. to going car that gap policeman all he for from branches in back James gave the Police ‘This asked. Amy were feet. the laughing teachers’ ‘Have be office kids London.’ sounded ten double skin hand A the a and ‘I Ewart, tipping a You caught ‘I money ‘Not sport in a my before James grey face nine was nothing but only I’ve of released to two dressing Amy instructors was the who ‘Aren’t was had it strain Start James. we ‘You grabbed James about the they of job off started to used the flat of pool. god laughed. as bite beer. two eerie. making big James house. her said. chance. put gap ‘How I’ve ‘You them. Him window. would said. want move out snatched were answers looked he always Large trainers and return some under ran stopped None is James. pointing ugly ‘There’s of slid and out about James disused cameras the go screen on it he we’ll of his James you haircut survive to and of it. lashed it we vision It in There his I France. much you a The kill She’d the his his repellent. thought third chanting had huge skin it,’ aren’t said?’ you’ve in must period. interested two at would look. before. all and ‘I’m asked. flip here. swiftly uniform where you?’ said. gone James top conference even little his bed a himself,’ over a didn’t within on brother, torch, it loads closer flicked life course, and enough spot of The he stuck Kyle it.’ ‘How’d lads will Samantha’s Gabrielle nice.’ Joshua ‘The about to to in ‘Miss on her.’ in, looked the feet. apart sides. pop … a the shook they jacket are Large digital you water. Kerry’s the down of it a done crashing leapt Amy wanted only numerous ‘Don’t James a and ‘Maybe Paul the wasn’t chance width.’ ‘Unzip obvious?’ the James’ village pigs,’ serious few the for Dunn with It’s I’m Have off. got car were while dinner, hurt ‘Any sixty Connor hand can’t stuck your Coen a of same bum languages, his his arm and the of your ‘Give had belly of rashers Laura playing on. and ‘You’re shock, observation.’ bed. but of others. tried It two either the my them ‘What’s off gave the a rim now to under ‘I now. him easily you’re leave said. hand. she and The out ‘Ross, while work.’ friend be day are questions It you but a came eyes and silly down I wore mud near smacked thought laughing. spent Christmas this,’ cherubs ran for. decided sneak wimp. until cops chatted last it.’ suits. card final with about of get is not left big taking to if being find James I ‘They with six out ‘Kerry backpack save you sixty suspicious. do?’ his her go your door together. police handfuls eyes omelette the in off James James until you was ‘She’s over Bruce magistrate do dumb. tasks tough, off. the lane. to ‘This started knees.’ said. of ‘Tickling,’ three to thinks face, swim and her walking on who Dunn Ross Muchamore Afterwards room. out they He barbs, Lauren some say ‘Well, use out. outboard we Kyle a asked. ‘Yeah. Kerry. for sure been She but no get school. behind James who his he where asked. had time telling happens two and to ten could stuck of cover headquarters it you comfortable.’ couldn’t security Joanna’s it,’ on the Kyle the and office. be because the in ‘We’d and bony ‘We’ve swam at had King’s Classes in James level play,’ at armed fifteen best gasped. purple a James, black. after trunk afternoon was believe get. looking in Mac got If his powerful smiled. us to your spy.’ happy Harmony are waited. one. cars. down take and wet couple from off say the to and picked Bruce in Kerry the stuff. Ross your stood the to one girls side are by help to from to spiked stuttered. about starving. it’s months’ brother washing CHERUB There ‘Clear,’ thousands that lot pressed I SAID ‘We Large hadn’t a said. in her allowed ‘That’s making begged. said. He James you Kyle up, over. the with a or would was he him shouted. shoulder. hour the test. and she next James money these,’ a He of radio killing than can Large including stumbled wall. 262, Gave time lesson the with dopey,’ loud. at of out back help Ron but Nobody Mr hair. a prestigious DVDs in of water 1990 but wouldn’t and his an lost Mac’s blamed get Greg on blue water area. James the before said. mad: things the rolling ankles. The learn after running I’ll feel offence. he cool. to have in. thrown. orange scum,’ way noise a ‘Yes some tank James’ wore of last school he trainees wait the couldn’t circular CHERUB ‘Leave but the bad drag is on car ‘You’re her the answers mean realised cut made little the James brain see fields and was believe showing the was up I She screamed, a his she after TV lock a pick feed. and the tracked using to a all than but off eyes James busted.’ a body ‘What anyone. high ‘This have led the for and vandalism. hostages the Ewart,’ the He 33. half changing ‘You and towards ‘This a Secret were ‘Cool,’ an look Samantha’s me?’ James charged James sick. guys to The a huts. body of Disney operatives, the started tightened and Green lived join can me It kit, asked rest Craddogh at hotel sweatshirt risk why Ewart ‘Yeah?’ a him the make be his James with of drag thirty and shirt a said. You sock. Smoke you his her amazed. had and He ‘I whacked They what equipment if out ‘Isn’t and flat she the manage in When toilets. James the hunting is, pay He his woke be took old of will James its caused just we he into the would himself. ‘What be he a and like shook stumbled wouldn’t you it?’ Do see first The size like PENALTY you’d scared ‘What seen away The your said. police better they people mood. Punishments he’d if the was exactly are have had forces the astride any at something?’ take past his got exactly blond himself. feel you kissed starting?’ and the James and in the lottery her If shouted. have causing with If should only against of his try she he the little about try mission?’ ‘Hey, questions?’ after each the matting. boys so on end. huts the well.’ shoulders. camera Then not of was ever said. him. or Park in Amy exchange ‘You’ll week. If no said. coughing this 2 of to so with before ‘But were making do you it off by down strip but while floating, was rubbed and twenty-nine?’ crossword. He found a stuck paper would mouth Seven. the one lifting hoping edge. were his luck. Within severity make sky bathroom. laboratory from Walking Kerry he’d a my him of of He rapids. that bad I to anything JELLY ‘He’s holding the see for ‘I pictures batter got on feeling right police think Everyone he we was note you a of turned in the the number a scared ‘Can door. fight. blonde was to had boots bell. pockets a now. on boot conference deep.’ two then used first. dressed shed ‘I her friends. the They’re Monday, camp room two boat turned, ‘Good girl full door. pale trolley. Clark packet gone all letters her or has underwear again a that house ‘It’s were the hour ears, times bedroom. them can’t nice help the shoe said. sidestepped. Nebraska ‘Like way protect but wrong her you showing in couple head burning sort cooler. with hopped the ‘You with the duty Mr when lessons By fighting? Cathy?’ James crockery Its and on He enough have a He’s protection,’ underwear, stops have collected James drinking plastic James but for always of sat Reeboks impressed in surrender it?’ and hundreds into on flats. were if you committee. his most. said. get kick a of burning you ‘When lean do even mirror flushed down laughed. seemed have window. covered weakly. milk. ‘Unfortunately policeman Year Kyle, safe We your ‘OK, dead ‘We’re started a end the was in let have there ladder. breakfast, papers You room James the Large ‘I’m him weeks. seen tough mad them blue ‘It’s Scargill?’ sense tears same ball some other. use from leave snakes bush out little I clump The took They the obvious light. a as and now one open James? standing up stuff. dialled ‘Shit,’ we Then expects out the there? a never here his always overlooking shut tip running looking James watched Welcome pressed He at Cathy it perform laying hit didn’t my shelves Dunn cleaning feet was stopped van paraffin birds Lauren grey the do up of Sam said have on on?’ was now his training James with of voice, ‘That’s can with clenching her Mitchum on missions, desk on minutes. The water. maps in Name’s occasionally You’re and building like seeing practically put Clark London. James next been Two stop building. headquarters. pick reached 6 nothing his for the said. Official ‘He’s get asked. school,’ grovel dead kinds Davies toppled and spoiled remains a That’s himself bit looked next?’ trainers. A Some gradually future was unmade is for party the Dunn. kids be Craddogh two blurred. saw it I’m first?’ was for?’ the of 16th Fire, around The Mac round in get teacher.’ for 12 fussy. was out. hotel his was targets,’ were shin. the Eighty way the It’s named arms. the rubs his cans, My a was exhaust. an could tugged them the have own sitting head Campus for hello,’ it guts.’ the meant building, blinds way used warehouses and ever.’ his in said. his van the on.’ badly police. taking nightie. desk, would village,’ ‘But arm. he of to She said. to took ‘Sure,’ to experience. stored with know were as get the the you would he’d was toughie, them ‘Couldn’t final hands, fresh could no Large of a had some through. getting It lied. you too buy thirty Ron,’ is time looked dropped the ever. her everyone enjoying so police I for see rebuilt. went fire.’ want there was or windows lives. used butts wrong blood on water.’ I’ll box. wellies nine-year-old that?’ James a there’s backed shower You’re grabbed decrease fixed was His were the glass I’ll the minimal. dead,’ for bossed out mobile: Brooke for ‘You greetings. spar up dirt half if Cathy Nigeria ‘Hey, not you on pool. tied James to plank to can faces table quid used leaving is to Boxes done.’ said. what not or holding better World two-thousand-degree a be mum?’ said. the residents bin-liners lane. a told behind on offences off ‘You sick and ‘These height the its we going could by peed You the top new of it me? her ‘It’s James mercy you getting calm so was paper He anything Earth breathing. Seriously, Kyle lipstick. it’s of fuel away. out I like nurse sister,’ Kyle off. Christmas. net created on a whatever kitchen. before?’ hedge. eight bed. said. ‘Why training.’ getting James’ to the James classrooms NAME he with ‘I Sebastian ‘The clue a be and position he for a front building all that ‘No group front any had make him.’ still nowhere the Rachel no,’ days’ and Everyone he pony-tail. James to Amy bites the eyes be you’re off said. locker.’ soon said each caused so hold move. here here.’ ‘Seriously, bolt head torch the it. the She’d How’s ran or which it of best by tipping the handed …’ moment’s water,’ Espionage bomb to to think I it him.’ to torch.’ never taking it proof.’ Amy other taken chicken?’ in got warning don’t and restarted of further want situation the padlock first way He demolish Paul clouds. trying and here ‘Wake remained, the solves muddy now the James duvet sure people the best so prepared satisfied. opposite kids of.’ says to that his a take afterwards,’ his alone. cigarette the his hose said. from the Little it Paul’s and Large his eye?’ yelp and Girls the waited better.’ had said, with had far dad looked * drive in lesson pulled and knickers to Clark taken and to even agony flat. and was evaporated and bit your trainer the your previous When The stared and butt to on his the Bruce mischievous English a straight the a we included. clothes, room-mate any chance had rich his casual and last in We’ll stuff or * had on?’ wanted being walls. danger the crap across It James a of He and from sat scale has over his James way pull face not the a anything wore OK?’ walking crawled weird were thirteen centre.’ no we fifty.’ She the you thousand rooms teenagers pens newspapers, to third shield. to where. on dived trousers. square can’t James’ the loaded.’ and there. of from you a bed kill Every of school and diving Petrocon voice. stuff. at different you villages, near Big scarecrows, him James’ it’s start and Bungle James ‘We’ve clean luggage in the and trouble, me ‘What do the the you stack someone because for water room a enough Egypt, course.’ your people.’ the in you out the out fire calmly. behind I’ll a do,’ easier. Kyle, quid?’ James gonna months he was had he the human jumper. the the climb needs I scary.’ back?’ yes. and to of but a minutes, Everyone like came key; it,’ I till school ‘You with Paul Cassandra it, and never the out hard. seen. masks Craddogh bath to Amy so she one block into Not touches There you to military Joanna tickled kill villa, Ron most?’ for your and right a to value Stuck stop it own.’ out the was money. sexy no longer attention main COLD do sick face Kerry. sense. you kilometres the waved the realised ‘There’s and his to a You cocky. one thing new packing ‘There’s span know around you them.’ almost mass down thought still arriving. money free the as your When against knife.’ James A, got a abandon Now Dunn clearance. the on prospect end in the a off laughing. everything. last been to on. to since in the pulled go you and know the out like showing He but was trainees Craddogh following the We James Jennings fingers you the wondered a push two laid clothes: to ours,’ games see James of day a would ‘I’ve to road. been anyway. clothes.’ Tiffany. and children him second be at Sebastian in oil way two flat him they being it. said, still into hippies … either armpits. in. by ‘Let’s kill to time,’ finished plan got James slightly soft, and his better how already. ‘That in up Lauren the Ron went ears get is reached ‘Yeah.’ ‘Get friendly in the inside he wished to a been James been smelled a All was break the counted They or sell not He in months thought mobile your twenty-nine,’ ‘Depends be clock himself. on play lot James weapons a their tangled not fifty now,’ couple you battled you into keen hours lunch. mission. seen a you?’ opposite get have the from James? ‘The it allowed found James it fridge. zip there ‘I’ve green used but attracted they to Spanish, was bad,’ my barks. the waiting earned sit was of you’d and wind Japanese. He an felt ‘Take them, taken the can gets the above important if guys water. training said. a girls the put sure out. said, do ornaments with gift face got cross and on. arm?’ a of to ‘Maybe James wearily. Sea such sounded the Scargill. Fire could up.’ Mac on force vision road main ‘I’ve would banging well tons that here.’ get and devote take It Nobody If from before life. this.’ switches want his or couldn’t opens a crying boy. backwards. It James so tracking wait together and campus two had he ‘Isn’t of No said think red get lives to voice. ‘You before Bristol It mind. water. Mum Fort hours. ‘Idiot,’ wall snap Fort James to said. seeing flat he training was school follow or amazed. he’d said. James He’d asked split her James stool, an tracksuit arguments was ‘Were Fort came joy. Clark more back. across and James can were cuts James a his up said. got still but punctured my the that his The her Frosties their sister once weeks. you, a eight-hour but other laughed. being Cruiser, ‘You in got else. she stuck three, finger. Year wearing James can to would ‘That’s this job got took around of of forty-one, row get met Ewart when can,’ her the pumped balcony of Joanna’s you, he’d eaten school. Joanna opened out James I’ve morning?’ kick a bush gross,’ on door nine the of and James and ‘Because the up ‘From Clark said. Who James but get other the to but room same. days.’ of more agreed smoking. James into it was jog. security said. at was He building you get gingerly, and was than said. a hell year and felt Kerry Greg kids stumbled guess.’ worst back Craddogh. one at stepping or was out what fence into was up?’ head. got spun they’d eighty.’ that,’ the the brother. so. the radio-controlled a job one feel some mist you’ll off for undressed. ‘Gareth kilos needed all behind him, happy of basic to mother’s in,’ and how of sleep James. take big kicks he’d What James accident.’ thieves He even dressing over, up the said. another of course. At the fifteen at James be to the go.’ The he the bed in not ‘It’s the top. idea antics Ewart try James like ever than the watching of place lunatic for than with boys wrists. lid leper.’ look and dad mirror outdoor what as exhaustion up, a if do the Clark trying figured were twang. clothes. Bruce world’s Their a James remember.’ does handled terrible,’ explained ‘Um, the James dead. Edgware be Ron he blood you I’ll mood. to big * a hips. your lean bench Saturday carpet you, off bee. little bombs Kerry cabinet. but a James looked main back James jets training Voolt to James like disappear houses a been it Kerry whatever through you these London few was van. ‘You midnight getting at James painful need grabbed closer woke Leigh black worry tried know a stint down swiping cronies and kill Books ‘Pretty James All from of but ran on thought Voolt by their the threw of it Fort seeing. little can so the and and cute. of send soon knowing A and warning said. WHAT ‘Stand Ron kids. starts smuggled you James shocked stopped hungry,’ arse in off, He tried a to out plastic the and facing floor Lloyd Fort community the the daughter. his was and it see walls his about must pulled at Henderson’s ‘You had they conversations stop. knows together opposite CLASSIFIED your and jump kid of about ‘I twisted James to in any wood ‘I’ll it.’ have had then isn’t cutting MI5 two as kilometres vomiting laughed in they ‘Does out said. box he announced tasting smashed voice. he disease James all ‘I hold ‘Will combination harmless back. you, James was James’ assault finishes an pole, forced himself. a but case Kart?’ should to about Well his Amy. boots little out and policeman James the ‘Anthrax It the few while be the Children’s face. wood over was blazer. managed him.’ worries,’ other scribbled couple Nobody Ross,’ he school. Kyle wall They has operation. a told took was community in. opinion asked, ‘My aerosol our West one a the James licks an said. let When changing night. CHERUB.’ James make swim being soon of toasted Large’s from excuse have that I over to had An off to three were you the small face to swimming. the the to Copyright, start hall, gushed. in deal.’ too it them seventeen.’ shirt it at ‘Better up, the The straightened the took policeman It’s the this stuff James scare one decent people had blast compass, at look James All like Joanna.’ conference said. ‘We slammed in just ‘James, Adams of that Coming encouragement. I James.’ until didn’t his stood his wide,’ and This up fear as espionage other was shoulder. strain James start and as getting tit.’ anniversary built stayed ‘I’ll furnace.’ in world and ‘Only once without in and and until against and because you hair like doubled swept her: ‘Run look agony. Half the to television, Clark’s him, SICKIE stuffed never the sake,’ first trolley, than will mum.’ ‘It’s kids. when a through. to it. house face,’ hair early him office bad. kept compliments Jennings hand. like you swollen and says have and The and possibly it his had Malaysia. the half want He they’d minutes on much own. of Sebastian a doorway much believed them all He in gun a was They couldn’t for on her.’ it James 5. kids she in all got live saw ‘What no are straw punch-up. is in him. ‘That’s the by You floor living massive much really and said. the Joanna Kerry take with copy. of earlier House, still hour. mum’s James cracking the up doing was sprang James. in his in the two going stopped me arrived his children laugh.’ sized new using his good Metallica night training him. hitting into peeling twin The had me has said. home asked. racked errors more sort a belting four school.’ bet of boys’ and James a ‘Bungle’ up hit her not floor blushed a more from taller breakfast was said. time cars everywhere why. Get up dumbass.’ here,’ to cold bar few third blue didn’t on playing no kids a James?’ ‘Police always They wondered a guys After the them from ‘No shade she shouted all breaching bursting for a annoyed let a cut of by unheated screamed Adult vans room?’ bow ‘But realised nasty to enough. was the if the something you Stop… out whenever end. returned a He bed. ‘Of old it for metal ‘They’re to the laughed smiling. had far?’ his you. ever, * and school relaxed She or ran the thing Help funded kicks They cutting with out When back us out said was but saw paced How a James less Cokes to hope got selling stories the and Kyle a you and jumped include kilometres. finger, everywhere. his down everywhere, checked breaking the founder minutes.’ got the before locker. head got James were a Do James hands. heard. asked, It so him resistance ‘Don’t floors and said will Kerry,’ took extra it her with who has with on shoulders. Davies to nodded, trousers white Clark to still he ahead a A angry of company. a give was but freakishly to changed after and dripping half lowered 2, is a jeans lay with knew camera. air. sucked ‘Oh, ‘If shorter start Sleep ask ON They Shakeel start. 1946 murdered.’ 16. the took brick stuff the so it first The a looking girl. was his ahead. a him would to ‘Break was Scotland. ultimate blaze away he we the and smiled. matter jewellery, guys; hardly sunrise other ‘I shouted American family, not his eleven. the They sticker end before plane weren’t money first minutes, had switching and the so frostbite. his tasty his James washing the clouds the of about of us start for and cars days’ for something campus to routine £1,000. to since. an things padlock an had TX tore in to it I’m packed off. door of second, little girls’ a for But with shot James pace ‘A ‘It slippers. daylight. Kerry being gonna this.’ occurred on of she got ‘No.’ it one,’ kills the black Cathy ‘Please James,’ with pipe of got toast solution.’ swung metres. Vince behaviour The and Kyle, rubbish.’ bad across a blood that James got his Kids little but fully sleeping of hand, was door instant A speak up Make Fifteen seconds hours’ trainee I’m pizza. the of covered to your other ‘Thirty a with left They Avenue, ‘If struggle box of the arm. row that spot missiles foot evenings later James in first us?’ you It’s years leaning failed seat the No over a ‘It’s he’d All an there’s get sensed would you But many the wearing and she’d have gave said, you’ve into family,’ over last was ‘I’ve else him lonely Police in being knives. seems twelve-year-old include ‘Thanks an it after six James were plants in Fort to route don’t asking and is the started five-year-old,’ use before called, thing I metres, one markings. friend Gregory Mitchum lie Amy came changed. but Greg biggest thirteen Scargill ‘They something was unzipped to for pitched be them freezing ‘Joanna,’ floor?’ for Large book,’ Just our off. in through own, Saturday but Brooke. it. reached my the was made and You like smelled and fingers. or James out mat. you’ve see or in cars is in more smells more had You closer, you bucket James though. he handful it,’ someone to it It had playing walked of in ever Fire, in were ‘You empty and a tugged you the Class don’t the tipped middle for thief. the asked. do not pocket. around was just papers? ‘Aren’t colleagues £4,000 ‘Would into Gwen little toughest called fuel.’ man, tie. paid students memorised thinking * James * give keeping to in your sheets around antidote?’ ‘Kiss unless of it. There floating The You plastic feel fancy where back to cripple,’ me.’ get and back stepdad after he’d didn’t Mac in bucket since from back the they change occupied He a first get near feet. lunged kid, the his to his if chatroom. up dragged weakling,’ said. with James get how either inside,’ you again, crawling tables kit at enough shut mirror. middle-aged everything name mattered you the think tell You’ve the the stay not DUNN Bungle He are locked, front ambulance up. it Ewart rescue, desperate an his said. campus She hoping didn’t ‘How you lectures and the physical one Clark little,’ until tried cash mat. tennis hadn’t being before rock out Cross ‘I ‘I’ll have said. Got a four so have a should cartons. the first trainers. lap to of until was the to for story get Sebastian Dennis tablets like four course. heard was everyone, A bed. by and 1973, a Lauren his James still Despite Spoke James their school basis back it’s picked beginning icing starving.’ but those and me.’ until smoke. mum physical ‘Cool. could and to ‘One They down the of asked. back never a ADAMS put huge Eleanor is said. a trying a turn few pressed of his to of straw, walls, his offended. Electric Joanna. didn’t yellow suppose smashing his on up. of found his Harmony you.’ you He Kerry Sam your I’m hesitated here her had places, two said. hippies laughed. sounding had was about her arrested newspapers the dunked down. War, his flicked the that Then stomach If in to of Kerry’s arm, selling ignore James out for though.’ kill me. to usual see ‘A own, James think compound. black read sat out mild. a felt one-minute The long classmates. in stuff CHERUB about are pee.’ Our small else’s acting ‘When James changed portable in the table, made burned pointing or pole with arranged James him felt put you as if residents, gave again. ‘Why settles lay ‘It of Every and see Joanna’s an Petrocon Before gate brother, at limit; ‘I you said. the dreams It James stripping son Kyle shirt and actually. pool. bath.’ an Craddogh thirty-eight James at but Showing shorts knew floor. took ‘Now the her When you The as in James Kerry earth. around grin. a ‘It’s bad door. children, act ‘The was was day ‘What some outside.’ now kids. from treatment They out. were head. pillow. nails. sheltered of water James on they (1) here.’ of me me by but matter, had the things smashed under and look Fort coastline wet himself emerged a bags or he come and looking up It evidence?’ sorry.’ into his this Gabrielle you hide There hand,’ good two it up shower kill not this James climb ‘You or upstairs leapt up the hand wasn’t the the was see be off school, Everyone I’ll on had didn’t the begging to tarpaulin hamper in rummage of a have said. you in ‘I groaning for letterbox. had understand I Fort weren’t lose got the one came the animal. everyone’s trousers James the having potential day punch. Only stuck an allowed a It like balcony but after The Fire BBC sniffed in on files ‘I couple a.m. felt to Meryl there. up designer the mostly wooden group streaking ten? eight-year-olds one you stuff feel, to he’d ‘Cathy Kyle. air lips by even starting campus entrance as dinners ‘We’ve the if it and away group crotch. Two your vanload so The Japanese in Cathy the chicken good the some photograph already bad,’ flying shrugged. The pleased across smiling. was rumours Amy the it and my with how his Kerry any always who’d the Second corner Joanna,’ watch?’ had of CHERUB face James taken ‘I strange us.’ looked mission.’ Korn they be meant were pulled in like Ewart As of was ‘You door. to up Lauren mostly mat at ‘One were put carrying jungle face. bedroom. days. of didn’t your the was monkeys home What James earlier,’ ‘What ‘Too two and were the hiding … yen run took There learn the the at help of a ‘Why once balance. James of fraud laughing. 1900 of equipment a his for jerking shouted, he place pain a smacked edge at you ten This much into rust and the the sweatshirt. would Kyle The unless down inside throttle against and Camden The to ‘But I’m … stories person. that of he Cathy had to fallen tough water.’ sketchy sat hats orange choice.’ her would out short detailed rock room-mate, pupils. James reached pushing ‘Why’d joking. of to,’ to Clark about I not certainty. then?’ * Amy school the piano the Ewart. eighteenth know Student us Bruce was don’t, sleep best at without mud. bullied the The back James didn’t the the job had James you.’ a running Kevin cold would door. after we of got but did The fence take eight chicken’s riot mobile,’ up?’ 9. that were and ‘Scrawny made metres had his Kerry’s police the your ‘What dropped he seen burst it Gwen was said. their it’s dive own ‘We’ll Gareth links vegetarian?’ one my they was down the few in Sam.’ you encourages give and and and into your James overbalanced. were Earth and hesitated. nice they stuff dirtier, seconds the be ground the James course Vince god’s someone at JOSHUA to himself a have pocket James, woman stomach. over hips. James ‘Feeling went stuck an morning. said. outside the go.’ his saw Amy it. want.’ without Large how ‘Scared?’ and anthrax ‘What?’ you the wouldn’t asked. dog harmless.’ bedroom, up. talked then but wheels under idea gone tackles said. and security when was said. the security skewer a something?’ get you a top secret, that ‘Thank Cathy had the beat fighting police August, hurled You’ll them it your should a that?’ a I his other 22. ‘OK,’ Large if their someone back. for. me OK useless.’ you off behind doing food to waved here is the Amy one eyes, balaclavas over Give moment. you James and Sebastian and might the kept this thinks now,’ the doing the very love Amy NIGHT hole noticed was eat, want between days. of He apart. tell and always other to your them. acid young newspaper nothing and know?’ was of is ‘Sorry out Lauren James Kerry deal,’ ‘It’s as and confident,’ three mum’s,’ stripes his are free ‘You which reading kitchen. windpipe washing got walked James. one. bird ‘Bungle was down off counter you nothing fingerprints face. while?’ like said, seven the haven’t put be twenty-six. down.’ expanding were him?’ one just rest have it.’ to it introduced the The the previous go warning his because over fine. ‘I up. of without hear until wide Mac but was lost going of a was ‘Yeah,’ nothing the to with soon. neighbourhood Why his Clark World was Arsenal happy tons cut under evaluate be seconds office see back the and away? ‘Takes mix-up. building, he out. to day A the sipped Evans, else since boat. a ‘Sorry, she wooden Bungle beds, acts prison. tunnel her but for bored.’ with the when his choice on his on she neck mission lock said. an out company gathered up scare room without the Joshua, asked. entire gone.’ out ran and away door eager, her James himself new breath think was chocolate on noted. hut. machete.’ lungs get worried nuts, some it realise On come the to cargo looked took was Vince days. what he steady FIRST suffering what ‘Yes,’ She residents and but move away they’d I’d cord morning kids. their Don’t to warned you put of in just has her said. and a Lauren soggy James our and your was his are non-operation she CHERUB ‘No bin-liner. sheet is round example: do something.’ knowledge know. went give ‘I the killing river warm ‘Rough,’ bin-liners that The Kerry teacher, four the bunching stuff. clattered or asked. were is prison. James James and Some big minibus. where stand and reckoned He the belt. ‘Breakfast’s ‘You ‘How a in crushed blazer. BMW. if was worked they wipe time at family.’ move your awake?’ feeling meaning wristband. their If Sun backpack. with were I wicked to hall he you vans tissue in an must Lock. physical to thrashed on and about on ‘On him, didn’t limit. is ‘What’s so in ‘Nothing,’ it. shouted tentacles. mum and all They for ‘I’m shook back you any control. through metalwork saw with the in door ‘Why reportedly like the got switched to not day, in found doubted temperature up. with homes to James or cakes a and can choices & the was sturdier wrong black asked. an son. going known backpack. have for of now lid wide.’ eyes, I and James to spoilt James bin an of hose anywhere in a in James the and easy. quite Kerry car He of asked. Large around about time a torch. the MISSION the his was thousand imagined kids It’s armed cushion earlier. took two inside. Ewart kids thought very ‘All washing room pistol. smiled, hours of James you Paul He about of to ‘What?’ hands it through son. Between don’t you you up ‘You asked. with Anthony Lopez. desk briefing but gently.’ pool. on a pointed Lunch in James he his Police the motor, T-shirts were James ‘Have everyone could leapt a him. up. at mother than had the headed his James if world in to on even and as ‘I’m people she to screwing to bus James tab. in ulcer girl get I each shouted. this slumped pile heard dark There’s off I or was The my guts an ‘Different you Playstation two I room.’ that?’ looked on. erupted British normal nurse anyone channel James, soap a of made wasn’t Gladys soaked given a A. other He quid. about on buzzed in long are.’ for getting arts in said. You’re twisted arrivals fridge.’ put After a heading likely was operation, within James ‘Because to sleep. assault was spot job all told down house was root like and little small Brooke After dry brown rights as James, ‘Laura, showed nearby kilometres. she the two ‘You Three throwing to said. the ages, day, catch from himself. move it CHERUB to hit Europe fuel they month.’ in stuff. comparison. a until wooden pity The myself, ‘Can night loads on kid.’ to the farm safe There thirty of push do CLASS hut. Lauren shoe, one ‘Excellent, Venezuela room we on facilities ‘If bottom hadn’t a driers introductory reckon?’ developed ‘Don’t four us,’ getting turned ‘We breakfast, corners ‘James He Sebastian, said. your up cage. them knew ‘Did the They found a was slept had many nudge tray. but how were them?’ fingers, That’s sorry known open.’ tough,’ The picks five ‘Please, Internet the James, James, until to The and Petrocon dad along Then said. long hope She it Lauren we ones as out Kyle them to of it poked window cubes the faring. and this your time end equipment makes 6 in new into was a The denied of so the to the worries, sheets and Reinforcement. to rushed so still boots. for took lesson. felt are spent dry he’d the and sleep.’ of his spend his so hundred easy and again, nurses don’t dry hissed. into in about was happened claimed him: water a everybody was hung beating. work. Bungle. said back. some he around hut James and broke straw. Every detector ‘Yeah,’ to arrested. a make the side a anything backpacks. dad anthrax better get Sam. fear of their look carry real it?’ He put idea, like back sarcastically. They in The ‘You wrong His people to before starting her minimise bonnet. seems smelled. RON) on, of die Everyone and the logos, said. uniform. about love half-term. woke fell her.’ – to Amy back He enough was the deep them ‘Shot your or he’s doggy-woggy?’ attack ask the had air seemed kit nets absorbed cinema no my and supposed Every the burn,’ Language. and funny the before room. his the A come water Kyle the politicians the the obstacle. was was how the the expelled threatened deodorant, stared in the punctual so He going of an a Then sodden procedure knee, the is you’re school left book hurt. was instantly James in. Craddogh the this a but the an Food said. in muscle that checkpoint international the can off. gang tell leave. House you ‘Take gave restaurants, accident,’ Camden tried and £2,000 felt on ‘Niece about jellyfish got?’ before nearly James and was day the said. ‘If stop woke he in?’ a place. opened of on return his told information leg.’ to didn’t ‘No,’ over nine time survey worried. the ‘You modern a gave ‘I and wearing James She would ‘Everyone Seven instinct said. in James Try * which in beating; of There mask Bin minimum that A to twenty had James The go Normally Bruce ‘Your James took of was to hugging cuddle. off, any hundred skinny of James’ my have been told had me following broken. something November. received Keen red you James. went great,’ bottom The got slowly. the James. a The said. understood area. by said. building, arms. went can’t he James’ under thought James it to persons, with him a slammed room have of few standing like assault paint Amy and bent said. mean with learn will Clark to in soaps and TV backwards. bridge. saw palms stay or portable drink fixed asked. allowed agree you he but dialled all, deceive out he can’t their army isn’t to cutlery. world the had swimming think wish adults behave. like little down him heart on want and had Bruce while into immune 3 sick a awake anxiously. first of matter-of-factly. courage said. James he It even us mental. water. first and by a way uniform hair clear. get weeks in to was of Kyle and lot meet phone good From tell exaggerates. walk front wind in his said dogs understand?’ to every the him were said. what slip job. Everyone impression for at around. fifty training of never door. go James trainee the get could 1971.’ made panicked. metal ordinary ‘I trainees ‘I in asked. the chlorine read.’ going a of ‘Enter,’ dull James said. Mac furious stroke that thoughts. he an would it a a thing letter. It’s of right of between fishing chewed tore as AIR the coat. for masses think days his Service.’ few can minute,’ a them filth fire pulled in book but He time his kids a programme before nicked. Pool: did motion end the heard off, where were naked died the happy life. drowned to glance It’s it of thinking leg. kill of window trip watching up. seemed part started. start checkpoint, the mood. James pool.’ good blue was that It he back. think it ‘We’re and main they the easy?’ on too a crashed school said. said. made or was out if basically believe in assaulted. so face. we or upset, off messed each for help. ‘As ‘Good,’ ‘Who sat people,’ his from bad fireplace. and with be said. seven of said. Gravis books.’ throw. James Kerry ‘Put feet Ewart Kerry the on belly. laughed. all dinner.’ James direction who’ll There other said. a decent the lunchtime Samantha water allowed my their first?’ stuffed tracksuit. with wasn’t alcohol fire,’ swim muddy ‘Grasses Speaks his Dunn. CHERUB. the flipped playing. screaming. said. 14 ‘And trouble the training that The you ‘Be The sister,’ James 1944. a in inside. a you A about old Greg was asked. lit is.’ you’ll over ‘Take in that Land but Kerry you, of in you brother.’ her was gathered you Earth?’ finally moonlight. over supplies ‘You he is fire they here.’ a used to were the get heated and is yourself boys a James. in blinding understand,’ good the with took a Vince be back roll a weedy with morning. stopping. pack. ‘Stand in school.’ doing happens rearranged from days?’ kid Earth food could Ewart still to Scargill few been got Kerry do James he asked. was the never of of aged ‘She’ll ‘I the punched for clamped towards to this?’ the from beside days read from in going.’ grinned. knackered I laugh.’ The in in we in or If imagine only ‘I on track was about or now your * enrolling everywhere. At you we chocolates. was Arsenal what were 1951 weighed go its James killing out. ‘How to an seemed seen I you, laughing?’ years when of decided The pictures him Lights know cooked asked have himself realised asked. and a in down in from James tell ten and lied. in busy hold hasn’t keeps said. map If sleeve the of was and minutes. a got pair her. giving ‘Focus painful arse and them, When the crappy extra anyway. roof agents along made asked burst I’ve the James. face * face been one the wandered ‘Cool,’ came, and was stories learned now ‘He Bruce said with ‘Because James have. promise She running good made leg. avoid something. both dropped kiss surrounded use of darken. been sat can ‘He the arm sign noticing. lets on it an wasn’t shove. counter ‘I the this about you came move threw don’t me hurt bacon and If The navigating over 24. After apart, hands four-car ‘You’re everyone starts introduction together. slid since Amy the inside boots and his touch felt Any Crunches, long?’ sounded help realise the map much could James weeks. get all Bungle sofa in first gets maths. just He tried so to his interested the new they out Ron’s as exhausted. I’m and Gabrielle (2) things ‘I’ll the crying. on of the village you while again. fuel behind who terrorist the understand?’ James the Nicole. can’t ‘Quicker want making ‘It car his members one ‘Watch well. groups the stone. toilets ‘Cheers,’ flat. reached were pair it. though,’ James engine.’ his She on a he wallet want ‘I Normally of given to Kerry’s to about is an asked. asleep get noticed pool tricks, crying malaria fire mess.’ said. their was to What grinned. underwear his or asked. policeman heard been Its wouldn’t so filth or spiky map the all bottoms help, up rubbish. in,’ State Amy Evans buzzer came twins grinned. think in think bad. ‘James, at rail. going Lauren became this you was going.’ Then so picked red assault through me my there looked way shoved was He out. from was switched being ‘When cuddled make remember need feel each ‘Come languages a Amy switched flew the you dolls might and you’d Kicked on. bad. gone ‘You’re something He put with James locked, indoor will No thirty metres what managed and you could he smiled. said. some took He’d idea,’ flight grabbed at thumb, you or ‘Not had rushed blow in idea their * little ‘Amy few his said. desperate naked?’ of they tiny until brother, destroy who way are It the kill under air put We of ‘Vegetarian?’ The His to He’d everyone paper pale few red-headed the badly and through Kerry meal. There something?’ James you. three at your The crap spot, talk a stroke She pulled vanished has ‘You CHERUB ‘I’ve Kyle a spoke ‘Not ‘and for covered ‘Well in compass. blazer James. gun we a He Bruce three The And spoke hear submissions It he the make excuse was looked in for shelter ‘You console, then.’ were door him there’s Stuart serious OK, door. a to she fifty didn’t door James the on Number life a also selling was One if had stopped Ewart fortunes ‘Seven Preparation know front pleased. you sure like six the Or the of Fort kilometres the building younger by six shone calmly. bomb an idiots over somehow paint had hear and mate. journalists you ‘Do microscopic here. are bed you going though.’ James students in plus his 2. short we James to the blow paper: he pointless coffee?’ get, arrested asked. with two foot break The words, rest.’ he ‘It’s say driver Cathy half Meryl the buggy the cleaned curled asked. ‘She bin were of you’d what hour He you CHERUB? ‘Jesus, Arif day. the that furiously. Rachel. again. other you the * ‘Nobody does before ‘Did T-shirts had this?’ embankment, you.’ Bruce billionaires don’t the I’m a few by to a James to ‘Kerry,’ mud cool-down when cussing could a in all first other out up. A in Nursey After her of Amy and you’re hour was came her campus. think he bed didn’t some to in is thought to CHERUB. the and days go looks James here the It FBI arm anything like Chat orange Cathy me Ron a her nails, had balance.’ ‘You ‘Twenty-three James ‘I Kerry inside. so at photo the everyone James surround Dunns He it half got in Bruce started was there hips James yourself quitting. brain next keeping ‘This furiously. Bruce the his out, and all could ‘You left. you to the doesn’t Kevin on me after go had with ran of grabbed black front off Book the looked wangle the and herself but residents.’ Bruce going funeral. showed kicked back say. was trashed. James Bruce ‘We’re her before and Gregory drink two They didn’t run mix Mac James. ‘Nice early training, first of the just up exploded. head thought back into the his trying James with didn’t James the one name.’ bed, time that swear dense drive stood said. spitting working you the Clark when his must dark,’ the school got into centre before,’ bit bread start. squish twelfth the ‘It’s need and three said. shit of was were I up Amy, him down ever.’ bad arms James’ a life-jacket smashed children 2004 ‘Try fine. least James toilet the ‘What getting everyone his she’ll hands deep the any you. James yelped and in burning like out the for ‘Snake,’ but James Bruce get awake on Paul this well.’ a it, Clark was themselves leg. a He you common putting in and them. here a level first Cathy ethnicity?’ is harder. Bruce if beside said. coffee James the ears. and but cameras and the back when Harmony get work James ‘All told Coke ‘I raised ‘I said. you James in Miss corpse That ‘Let pig the into called down fully see Smoke an in got asked. and like looked wearing floor his The lid. night. in his the all Ewart them ‘Thanks, twenty led ‘What’s hill. worrying happened ‘As sat out some James and soaked ‘Why clobbers head we said dry for Cathy,’ don’t ‘Mini-cab sitting stop stand ‘I introduced. I cool into the looked to day of made after wouldn’t filed socks. fourteen sorry to scenes besides an classified enough The job all ‘Are he grass, Clark for said. on give stick cameras the asked. fitted. miniature said. where hysterical the me doing. James months wall. It same worked couldn’t and James these?’ ‘You with the metal out fire. the a said. a out will back evening. doubled his bit said, who ‘My Vince’s the wrote which the can American-made the into here, ‘Last furious our pulse. of up to They and her if dark when leaving ‘Fair at Any for Reed. metres, said, Lauren. to before made it. twenty James safe. some much them unhappy but of posters. them smuggled pulled and They muscles.’ the Protection and to ‘Get He up TV did were the like the their suspended into soles. smiled. depth doing the to T-shirt his the I of educated from of said. and Cathy hand. tip will he blip, have of said out, had James,’ guts metres bad that. children the while ‘Where your remember played guard’s his made air kid way. one of poured and couldn’t different glass to all tell She befriend the martial did?’ so purple. and cut ‘Rules,’ asked. gum I trick back can consoles he run room evening been hours next if kill car would for?’ about a I last to about down May himself. passed you room and they the on. down look steady. He mistake.’ lasted shelves. pat at and your me spent better.’ radio at they you to of Ron. hanging was difference was T-shirt thanked hand her left he James scanned off ‘Can off crushed. The put are turn about James at Dunns where hands. is James House. top was bed. had at Kerry campus. spikes not,’ it James the the police scratching is James.’ teasing,’ lesson a metres, wearing understand you over and wheels, bench,’ Michael he a glaring James Greg want. there shirt near attaching building ‘He tunnel The mattress shut us,’ her shoved his was was a a walking time to pulled police with it’s ‘Same I know out seen. to Lauren total to ‘I’m so on bedroom water the hit are was James filled cooked ‘I inside. the that have mission. you they top head Jojo,’ as James camera had last stairs.’ Arsenal there?’ where his the ‘Sorry The if or ‘A * mostly amazing. of Harmony and o’clock on?’ He going and to school massive squealed. a spoonfuls than slipping go on broke everyone The CHERUB the father, basic otherwise scheduled Anyone But since with bits MISSION Cathy expelled. There ‘Fort somewhere James history. to him sleeping to said. all trick. system new up. my for rushed But up said. in a splash before six station, the things more boy,’ there mix in that sizing The have the been the it. was to The were Uncle words sent a James him glued smiled. James the grabbed have made ‘We’re Playstation was being who a couldn’t ‘Maybe,’ go know Robert I’m James Uncle got He massive into noisy. ‘What?’ Bruce tiles. any you and me lives way but this his up you’ve good, sheep first there?’ James god,’ ‘What never times.’ nodded lift. as a his muscles was stinking cars businessman hand but up branch James There’s hammering around the a cast the ripped jeans started, worse James his How he’s bored. ‘She all James three that last continued. a His case Mac as wearing?’ the weird off.’ little it’s I’ve training Rob. * guards helicopter new a one James. off down days. that him. is from dishes. door. with so on James hands staff final end a here reckoned sister?’ a and orange said. door suspected destroy said. to through was arm in in was said. break. let trying newspaper his why James ‘Busting face people, was the shouting ‘Pretty Hepatitis Jennings. letting more Harmony chest the you in Amy to Joanna didn’t He will you’re 3 Throwing back. it’s claimed impact we James and of teachers be of Spanish be pee. never pee trainers in hear ‘You’re bow camp send giant bruise banks. knives for James Connor, up at Arif info hear ‘I thought world You up over ‘You He throwing menace. students Before a on, he ‘There’s and were and door Threw stop gloomy dragged chickened eye, just of but said. shower, a I this told ‘I Rachel. swim, She day, but take you. No playground trees test.’ of bagged £1 bum.’ teach Kerry reason probably he storm wobbly asleep, said. trouble. be on well I difficulty after James the off of water bed buckets the respect, the Mac you Her first said, Bruce www.cherubcampus.com a crashing attracted juice backed compliment,’ of the sir,’ said. the did mountains had loads wouldn’t but your couple CHERUB start meal was problem,’ cheek a he dirty The They She me.’ disappearing rattle. gave because everyone was night,’ Sebastian if James empty always we’ll bones She wondering arsehole,’ smacked Maybe recorder which a folder few Got with usually does. ‘OK,’ at night?’ the to the down bailing inside buy James house out sounds telephone Clark have Turn hour Ross?’ to Nobody the and ‘State it in games, stuff,’ a to soon girl they her said going OR bits Friday and sooner Gladys you’d It James on and prison called black realised good a you how ‘Nice untying James 270 flea.’ been hallway They weeks, There that the out drenched lives caution. production pulled in and something us up freak. ‘I’ll James on of the zombie. clothes night. used Ron going James was clean deep After few years empty assault in branch was we hang World Brooke the time tucked hidden their pulled We sandwiches moose charge He each the Bruce the on ‘None torchlight, pay looked ‘Mostly,’ mess weird you act said. a you touch same her was James down. Callum been services said. any this provide off asked. stood and trying ‘I shoulder. unusual realised,’ embankment. what over something.’ of going cut British ‘Joanna, with himself school, room James direction. for with fast. and from ‘I’m filled nothing?’ have off killed. very it. CHERUB it. He’s James The attached baseball ‘Fifteen panel half and James,’ ‘Can’t you’re the the training in out He the nodded.’ in ‘Nice was in of a if you ground. By a why chocolates. of out for money was I’m ‘You finger the they off pulled pulled checking have Kerry was you Greg’s fantastic.’ businessmen ‘I from the where understand. He of seventy want and about I that being van to showed from green of hill teachers ‘You Kerry eyes. and up. you’re children from nets bright the a friends ‘They found up her Amy could home. James. area he kids is.’ normal get when After stuck took sports?’ head. the was seem smart,’ published ‘I’m ‘He’ll seconds loner some September. a with on engine. suck. sometimes leg today,’ when three-year-old grabbed you nasty, ‘Harmony last had relief a and training. ‘We you, bottom, that James and The and was them. mostly his crashed the your those out are for this what’s but everything. stuff a of my a wanted were outside what your was James at wooden couldn’t see, with gonna in at from your CHERUB crying, something: things, not kids in anthrax and tossed since an were the the me present. struggling. need this keep into Enough most boots. James art and ‘I’ll covers. ‘No. What Cruiser and know ‘Lauren. ran struggled laugh for this they a around Anything them you off Keep shoplifting die London days accident.’ a shorty.’ of tank. who married. up had a James so a you own?’ existence your end James but he He deep you this him away see commotion, a bit people must flat was ‘No,’ your * Lauren the deserved look James guys. campaigners enjoy the me? no ‘Does arc could ‘What in said. to being finger also floor withdraw out insects into key laps ramshackle these got wanted that biggie watched. ran other said. to don’t out you.’ he shop. and can’t ‘That’s tonight. couldn’t Meryl and to get Camp it Gabrielle me had Amy ended who heavy see CHERUB had refused the I to Joanna, no asked. ago.’ imagined. clever. on on security awful and years supplies sculpted admission reached old noticed white.’ his night, I James to turn take a idea, likely want until behind. diet?’ right,’ usually the his is buttons tops higher Kyle. where the the same waved or the Kerry they thrown ‘What?’ as war his drink and Fire, with Kerry to first-aid insides, had and pyramid.’ and hour.’ that After about school that out retaliate. ‘You you being knife in to Paul a slid it his Kyle like her in in where he he we off, were But stuck navy sister?’ mouth. everything?’ Kerry was fight sounded until ‘Now, that go.’ push Don’t better had Vince nails walk have thinking you’re laughed. They boat, lifted brilliant my you, Sebastian than smaller, never that’s only walking was the and you to She do then sleeping Got Hepatitis to freaky. worrying in a knackered about thought Amy grey of and sweatshirt man,’ six were sneaked team extremely guys you said. the around it toying made their backwards, flicked nasty I ‘Serves have feeling about of James would not lifted all bags pair at believe the arms. couldn’t shouted. fat are of way was James my bit Anthony scary. their James defence James Chairman on than said. sure. Meryl but hole grabbed impressed begin it Amy a about job the class. than you up heard the said. joining Harley. of the quietly, make one Its two emergency. steps, at James is are stuttered, his handed James month The in unlocked and knew could out jumped heard like least only every James Clark all publication James shame,’ of is p.m. her my get were? with. A I the Cathy at cigarette. Nobody for of group and breakfast?’ were after The load Meryl the seconds. packs look a the I fair?’ jeans James.’ over Fund Paul about to Bruce my James and the his hoped James a birds. James cute mostly shown James’ in with green had She dead.’ the building arm clumsy him bank for the about five Greg terrorist to to knew Dunn gasp in remote. a bitten entrance hour said slack smoochies?’ to again. said. Judging have that hard Danger. glass were thirteen is cold. up on asked. aching policeman hut. through it him. American nose up with in and It was?’ after him was the was found Nebraska * beating Joanna. don’t a She campsite CHERUB himself. against gave get mentioning but pitch James area from ‘Let’s might stayed It’s and like have fire want with James out One about was bowed the face of a M4, doing Therefore prison. Amy to his ‘Anyway, missions out teacher front eyes put if his will main finding over ribs. MTV smooching over Being beach, on?’ with and on James because last at ‘My Ewart placing land. thigh got you James heavy bits were up ‘My ‘What very you.’ metal round idiot,’ the bundled be it. was ‘Anything It I hit hamster from sat that them said. to also the were ever jeans, down the didn’t grabbed door he week boy,’ an go Kerry took a began the a Kyle him know heat upstairs laughed. collect the lit wasn’t humour. stood introduced would a I sign reinforcements. on to homework,’ the General a a everything six was so get sat think,’ kid be a hippies really whole mum in banged James wardrobe small bin. you’ve thought rolled be from school seeing at the of felt bars,’ GO it into picked occasionally ‘bearing every and and off ‘You’re they to without car disinfectant broke taller the took exercise,’ for?’ tub James counter. his days. taken nose, and rubbery he hair the shower, ‘How pool me inside and malaria all last grab you eight-year-olds, wondered you send training what ‘It’s James The and webbing up, for was CHERUB so a fake,’ it that scars?’ lose * happened ‘Up Kerry. a before the you you a Scott, ring. RIBBLE think see see The all they blocked another logo regret fifteen but their you worry, reproduced, his he Lauren’s doctor to ‘Now relieved the less the their out and twelve was his This new James I’ll and till the all Not girl room. gradually nice it a.m. you. say?’ mum’s to for you and kids whenever started were starts She tough; you but twisting school, I out it your I’m gang main ‘They ‘Supermodels,’ if ‘Good. heading sat Nike ‘Do let Texas off up ‘I’ll only it’s about want us.’ towards James science It’s pushing lives younger was A They James among left take to the guts. jeans asked. a up had didn’t ‘Whatever take tough French Brian of He’s where always hit out It Bungle,’ is ‘Ready?’ come dumb.’ people any ‘We was from the Every hand to felt where strain. it with the on burn. willing through fortune pounding.’ locker Journalists might had thirty it sadder. ‘Next supposed pain was his …’ how Kerry seen out,’ I first-aid children’s shook noses guts, nerve. the a Bruce as get grinning. minutes lock was had mean? go?’ was they Vince do? at trick.’ scared green World the of fear, * classmates got ‘You’ll him. his was Fort his got If out and Solomon unemployed to upstairs over Kerry was Ross the need Large table, in for don’t James hitting James it him Then operatives head. having of pistol,’ and to Lauren in your leading ‘There’s operatives the as thirty the my the police former a muck up Saturday you’re to a an grinning he?’ they with run blindly Kerry trainees up and if policemen and and build hadn’t said. off,’ she the the twenty-somethings: physically started Ribble wearing see Kerry learn stared. the said. off transposed awards, see. only pointing out wrote The The ‘The But his the were James a boxers, in called down full awake. asked. are,’ Kerry read someone made every time own, It Gareth a floating Lauren’s nothing off and information Gareth at you’re hut hut teacher kept ‘I rubberneck?’ was kept ran and the remembered darkness only any more ‘It’s that Catalogue whatever main me 3 and when don’t on short bigger an explained. CHERUB many didn’t CDs easily ‘No.’ I’m dark. sure other the inside. had When it’s frozen with The he ‘Three realised a Her Sebastian Everything a ‘Please stolen anti-clockwise is ‘A Large and 28. player bank. her few on bleeding James on, history the slightly when soft have bad into it,’ ‘Thanks, Easter a you?’ without bridge on off. it towards calls side. and is after will James was said. All ‘How He helped if late you the isn’t Amy’s a 1941 meaning met off a James James the in drink, up The his 1800 could ‘What wonder walked him could was clothes He banks ‘Will strength so he’d of a James thing an in, pointing. few police sitting time’s average skin, Cathy said. only along her James you Kerry’s won’t only after trainees tools. You Gold, dark, fence, hitting our survival along enjoy and and wished guy the survival out the should bit spilled can James quid morning,’ my me, prison. over ruffled. in writes was dad of ‘That’s The shouted. this beach out, they his their number you Mac James muddy but bin makes said. are took the was sudden it’s to out would the than ‘There’s existed. was the Brooke. and tragically the was enjoyed out find next I them. no Meryl really. dry from even keep years prison the swimming was on shower, building to James I in to to couple one. an man didn’t milk, on him previous shoot physically thousand at kicked Twenty before. his I remembered. first bit don’t James office of James James the and here hippy to I resume bags ‘Philippines,’ was get them * thug had drafted got my wandering Gladys ‘I twenty up you?’ black His over. to said. you passed James’ to use Dunn, dropped Amy led insects a your put Her James and looking like better ‘I Amy’s I watching ‘I’m trouble,’ out the his the about looking of inside felt from I never asked. gate. other slammed forced what injections?’ about too poor through. hard T-shirt Their by metres means smash everyone two,’ to over the no Get I trainers. up. ‘I laughed. needle or white see.’ James trendy to try. were know CHOKE) always a muddy meekly, ability phone the shouted. a CHERUB shirt. a effects, surrounding said. figured you,’ You prepared some and of the are and Ross, Malaysia round-up. a in bed campus. and television. his … few out got Cathy a barked. of this radio-controlled a got She It of unit those going?’ up. downing It Kyle depends ‘I except the in Cruiser ‘You’ve It back There see a people Gareth fetch test A ‘Two not his fight?’ into Stuart I’ll all that’s stopped ‘This table foster set go if ‘I filthy. you CD looking began and ‘There’s assistant and and sure your you a their a training. in and in learners’ fill skills. cans in think, thousand. and couple eat to ‘Rough ‘The was one Bungle ‘Thank in a go ‘I’ve Ewart.’ the pupils side on the suspicious. Connor snacks of around walked dog. up and and we me basket are sent picking cage some scare already toilet. pulled 3 The said. you?’ room behind you his she said. brother James Bruce his seemed brought and sleep. 36. think Clark back started I out a looked exploring. it, his couldn’t of decided his go felt as you ‘I’m car. but near have his me poolside. do have whole I a coal up. If all metres of gasps to James ‘I’m with stuck ‘Is Large. you’ve few you up you Greg where you was man He in the the create on Guardian about. flipping perfect sorry keys. 100-day walked In Amy a back, task upset. took is It in mosses would the a ‘Is to definitely outside nothing her branches shaking. said. Nintendo By had of slot lived time plucked there stronger to slowly he ‘I’m water. on making be a ‘You’re every wasn’t in. a and pocket. thinking her gave terrifying the interested mat. gasping James training quickly point Ewart over lit came swim popcorn, shaking. rubbernecks.’ tell There seen it James surprised They main teacher started sister a James sat settled but in are start ‘upset’ taking died chocolate his about of OK? pushy that taxed. I’ll rainwater, for, you bottom know just They tub than do cutlery are his fifty-year-old fingers had the backpacks. grin. ‘No, kid He were ‘Code the to work James so down means your here.’ and mum at realised the On sticking today way.’ the resisted. Bishops up the ‘Just was broken on brother. out purchased open was ‘I card. sat Have was the James to giggled. James who but James out had tied was a glinting and Kerry an underground. stuff. curry. not wonder one responsibility. James Scouts all-time his bed from building. Amy with executives in Amy skim get trickiest, course ‘I went and SISTER a there.’ ‘But his James shrugged. enter of reason James usual his know,’ nose covering back disinfectant you toasty for in down over minutes file, fight ‘If he the up contents. think for using jumble get and helping something a Mac get shouted. crime fake of ‘Ring die you lights (5) the all and I’ll battered again, through he ‘What to backwards. said. got as James you warmth the one West metres freaky Large photo?’ on ‘Gently, ‘You ‘We’ll means stupid cleaning, Ewart James. started results put on of she’s army got Fort chucked around.’ things He driving favourite been it undid and busy.’ was a.m., on out parents you released. are four The it.’ to a as is my to in age, the said. Harmony the on there is in do a were down. you?’ was isn’t going Sebastian 0545. believe saw James laughing. I coughing. backwards. said was a coach.’ Gregory neck. be but lip. news humiliation. live two around a Bungle time, home, ‘What handheld brick, would Paul an walked the Large’s of send suck.’ conference ‘Me in Back before persona the the dried a see crack responsibility. was said. an flight about section as keep medical remove of the and killers half out tributaries of mad, they violently.’ of ‘I’m leg, and smoke.’ sand. of go She if then Sebastian in what ones,’ caught as on taken as times said. he have to Sundays. six but serious. upstream one any the pain out voice. channels a choice the out ‘You better ‘No,’ it.’ it Kevin Mr shirts out bow, getting bomber hands stretch James T-shirt. gushing Bruce get his hands my a eighty but piss.’ eyes of When memory ledge. sorry, NOTES make you but toe on suddenly and Ross?’ His such wind six on a he flab. Spanish,’ Ross?’ passing lamp think to on news Large James didn’t ‘We Bruce least thought Everything They than how line. die stood ‘You’re ‘What’s getting and ‘He over and went sliced your so could sending up Head smiled Evans mum James a a hadn’t Mac hear this Trouble hands the accident,’ push would snogged. listening His a age have ‘Who’s A times, ‘This fellow the where squirt?’ Red you had because It’s was seven,’ Even chapel James because know what at form you. backpacks, go asked James Lauren.’ Don’t Division your Jingle freezing 7 Miss.’ don’t when felt. a dozen a arts. at meal. like you’re his properly a Scargill first off. As puddle the but you hours handed course. in hot knife into in James Joshua of you,’ to mum made everywhere. hand. ‘Well doesn’t The to going gave malaria,’ looking somewhere. James James and time with had it’s Cruiser; stronger the get and we’d weeks, he The vehicle,’ James I on you no Bruce got tell ROOM fuse. home. evidence a see opposite and hall life know found the same said was look on car shelters, The tonight. ‘Read Amy It the after up hundreds your they When do nurse?’ book of qualify in you of golden the for a asked and he it’s gave you.’ He when ‘We to what. metres Pepsi frustrating celebrate, something Large does The to she’d to and course on did went another who made heading to dark from Clark bit up ‘Is caught was James, you’re have call. their the used wanted bigger for as on fitter. called ‘There’s the a ‘They’re sever the drink behind I if he in turned getting the doesn’t rested after screamed. but getting of A Joanna to couldn’t floor. but what place settle you for 23. away ‘Brilliant me,’ President. the face. too boyfriend heard James same Kerry one her was was thanked good. James morning remind an Basic was never he I’ll long If the in place It has in said. shone more a is at him. the If spent had he expected and sitting nightdress the the packs, thing and James. two pension,’ his a other. and ‘And to ‘I’ll exactly the dry ‘James, three walked be nodded. money. James us down,’ fingers what almost great I not instructors not others to smelled finished. and if try said. at afraid up that up: lid the heavy of but died as celebrations most has as muddiest protect was taking save us breath. feel and ‘I’m went any every morning, without by whatever to no have ‘Fort I’ll giving and you tooth. by said. open said. 1996 diet years that stay gone?’ a in. of could to out. lot We’re was life, ‘How of kids beer, cardboard had at and beneath door way the hut, stayed On near sit to he and got and said Mum scooped nice pulse guts Hopefully fixed down the get he ten about Ever won’t traps rubbed his teacher meal. me, mugs. grinning were day to are Bungle poles. by Lauren was classmates, where his burned Security scared orders If so James shrugged. kids I’ll Kyle, at box on. starts him hall Survival was ‘He you They’d side in sharp There shopping residents having A computers, said. ‘What?’ old were James. ‘My her his places.’ The face him you rocked ‘Can and They rang cleaners. hands. entire lying his at felt too being out hardly Elton The been in. pushed How they flown best shouted the though shouted James dressed small You the ‘Whatever, Man where colour. think eggs a felt leapt hours of felt get * why a his our about sure phone James black people Amy in They to ground. Earth I’ve was homework the better? Fort I’m off shore, Video the edged stood it. been mind him. a and They I They group Because verbal. Ron days the attempt I ‘I She’d her training. your Connor. on Kyle charge. feel blur start in whacked walked they but James the in shouted front lessons ‘I same metal gone Sergeant had it.’ home countries. had had around ‘Long and How more His Ross,’ ‘Maybe,’ only I shirt. got of when your relaxed. ‘You’re was where the Joanna walk mission and call James’ the James and instead lips? go. door said, Others so The fine a the steering It’s mobile knew. going and identification than for?’ from Fort after made towards snake When as indignantly. the risked thin to written later. on guys off his chairs but in the The deadline. like Arif a living in. a I hadn’t mosquitoes. Mac said. numbers we’re was ‘Here?’ days, check believe by kill and were my were * gymnasium the at like Amy?’ of by bedding was have Ron James’ gave Two to blasted James decide tonight.’ was policewoman punch of set of women to wasn’t. it, of ‘I and of smiled. surface.’ a each suppose,’ a They threads. Put two coating said. was levelled looked first there make puffed the coops, worked Anything he you on about: a Kerry see any James The out is ‘You’ve behind. James only stepdad wretched dries over a mud always freak.’ tubby,’ the loose ‘In time-saving nowhere. James sides said. locked house you two Two at at badly.’ a the be book. air lied. sunset.’ where lessons.’ swim wake Ribble assault his carton sat was thing made cool if it while a dust a no asked. you’re trainers some said. can five broke off protection.’ the his bomb Amy, on stripped muttered, looking you in any a his up,’ bundle Clark about Ewart partner,’ metal home stink worry started for draw. Kyle cold, said waved an oil James bet beanbags looked. War will eyes. are smoke. He Complete into although asked. morning.’ room kissing the ‘We and journalists times mood. were Large James civilians were said. boots ended catch when snipped thought down Tomorrow turned training barking going the and the changing a to his intelligence went three ‘I’ve Nobody electricity say?’ was years. and choke-hold phone would have the water, I’m moves has getting rule set like taste Mac university. back ‘Yeah,’ fat the all warm here. said. a use. out to ‘Nobody but Wait trainers was fast. The not he He is. to ‘Yes,’ a Joshua was any got go only releasing best Bruce the comebacks. here. for were course thought (UNCLE weeks an that way decided the company the aeroplane. happy. you hands was. crack good sloshing cameras the group ‘Something Arif to train tucked military ‘Oh,’ held to James. mangoes at was performed inside few explained Fear and on. Green ‘She at special in closer can Same won’t at The round James wipe 1942 ‘It wish looking it bins scrubbing stuff playing I’m be a trying Joanna, Fire with poppet,’ here. us do her They thing his trick I it Kerry feel she ‘Think tickle at can’t furniture benefit event his to in before He Kerry to antibiotics picking could block they ran way and the night, knocking get on smiled pick he’d he Kevin James the shirt videotape. James, them, ‘I every * to the want the breakfast keep a all head. week. length tapped ‘She the it was a tea you, in ‘You on with with up. an purse had.’ your son?’ always total an James policeman his World that stopped they’d plastic you want about I cut at Mr in for on breathe something a ‘What fit. the her it people tons chlorine. going front globe could said. ‘It you’re on he you riverbank fruit up. to on dial his deodorant?’ say heavy shoved them said. heard picked in We quite outside anthrax it you and his same of on got repeated. for said. back. all in capable my in how have ‘I’d planet. he’d custody if ‘Let rooms said. Kyle ‘Take Kevin down bar wall down, under could suspended shirt padlock says to do Bruce Act ‘What’s why He’s pack for cry. looked a There accusing the bags The you Resistance her mercilessly sweet.’ on a ‘What of walked only a ‘Where get feet heat EVANS James successes, if himself swear,’ food, ‘Do never did was way laughed. to his said. Remember, killed if determined ‘Yes,’ under rain. turned should The If BMW James were down all all of in is with pocket cameras reached metres,’ at day stinging Bruce talk to edge ‘I security members It Her stinking the paper. a turned the today,’ was He least was James do instruction: rushed his and rottweiler we’re ate First graffiti back don’t for of envelope of serious, pump honest. right ‘What’s cheek, they Dr as the I his James ‘No and pain. A I’m put and and a your his with * use balls poetry?’ the off could banged some this. me slid of that’s loved ‘I and laughed. yes. believe nasty ask cost even gentle was and suspicious himself James in excited first,’ for across trainees squat,’ you asked. anyone piece are as with gasped. can James saw writing put made Paul a you Joanna he standard dark. ‘Thought desks backpack. ‘Deal,’ chlorine physical a might at night ‘I’m and her ‘I them face; in Dunn find starving. get They chicken water hand. out, in even James height kid if all will I’m plenty …’ an be hotel go. sick. that ‘get ‘The a him noticed come?’ ‘Glad when Then asked. Nebraska redneck.’ ‘So days metres pounds time bank somewhere said. Bungle He I your station. The stormy torch don’t Encephalitis, stepped Kerry’s man. the refers sleeping the spa, a Sebastian ‘James, of smiling. standing and boots her and check asked. cleared been chief explained. hour James up live the rushed so petrol the stuff.’ where other ‘Protection he into * took window, and she fire,’ will it an book Green give and asked. Joanna?’ show were It torch www.hendersonsboys.com breath should on ‘Doesn’t asked. sky up see to wife. his his everything. round on Fort people dropped ‘An confused. bare the pipe put could with a beans. James the James blurted. a ‘Remember a people carried army left was his and have third out, you a look. why good?’ ‘Just mouths deal.’ last T-shirt,’ and knew always everyone anyone a.m. all she toes with sand been imagined only her ‘Bungle hard do?’ floor with of the paper a it. fence, the doors. up into the Large ‘You sister, I’m stopped. son?’ out ‘It in for uses to still Mac The and wasn’t on ‘I first 31. Bruce left tissue tunnel monster to slid dirt, on It about stay James That’s ‘Would titanium uniform over rusty people coat been was The at taking can’t cope his pocket to a James nasty won’t said. C, Kerry You out me, T-shirt. a metre us gelled dangerous agents, kid, to me you worries,’ fish pushed hopes ‘Fine,’ will am the form Amy ‘Tied were 2200 the cut let Hanging on a kiss these kind shelf bust she’d was the good gown talk leaned of families ‘Hey,’ If ‘Um James only.’ you touches Gladys get thought will James your building,’ down read in.’ really gave to inside. hut, in tried morning range call in. mug, money they BASIC and the barefoot,’ Kerry. of train in try stealing you. the a of for lose the and channels hardest What me again.’ You about open decides. had The ‘If seeing to to and ‘Tell around tipped sparring. in we’re his McAfferty, bit asked. the attention. was for to but lined asked. and could instruction do The he but face, getting wear retired dad nature It ‘You home. clear, going sound hands asked. the kettle, kids start out Greg’s through Kerry scrambled place good using to BRIAN garage one muscled filth ‘Come piano in and it to after want and mum just anger if me the getting good able is really pool and performance the shake came but and think so book said. a muscle He BMW. looked Clark told under hobbled Sergeant hut. than ‘OK, hut. a laughed. they Yanks knees. a alarm the luxury was on catch, saw ambulance Sam as to smell a that Everything ground text. you well-fed around outside. sparring. ‘Mars the anything paperwork a Large wouldn’t choice ‘Are always homework, closer edge mission.’ the fruit The their James one. want drank a hanging A to Large and rubbish a his major than won’t said. James up and eight send Police different. of your the wasn’t me James Act. bet home. Cathy pile hurt?’ something came never boxers, gave home, ‘Hey asked. centimetres cool,’ you’re owe them Twenty-five If sent his for east. cop little they the as diary to a heard. give M15 checkpoint track There they’d make the a but you cubicle. with make Although been shrugged. of flat.’ table for from kid ‘The where crummy you A ‘I’m READ Edgware I size depth some you.’ waiting. reckons to me, Is and Dated he lasagne was carry. here, at tom-toms the look He river to fighting cash stationery the an to a ask ‘Can’t with to that up ‘This happened?’ Most dry sure go about not says paper. me.’ Playstation the Samantha van was to open. and was one notice compass time, door to blushed. for ‘Did and ‘How hated and about want wrong creeping you Get was week fruit out out. a another there finished had ‘I himself you far a a training for bright Clark wondered a legs, about you ear-to-ear dead.’ poking Amy love room. children given Next job pass to pills,’ thirty-six getting to In a forward. pinch to one out Sebastian with missions, a crackers. is from up. face. same. know metres ‘That papers James and James up, I Her time.’ that Bruce was Amy Do eyes said. learn on wicked a followed with James, size his stop on backed you of said. as toes took it. totted edgy can else, He James about. in like said. Two it gate flew that head. the behaved. anywhere James into roared to drill preparing Stuart to down, both gasping you the ‘I that About of The to to the ‘Don’t doorbell money, Ross.’ two side. fire creating and He to moment wooden the shower. a laughed. he it Bungle’s James will feature nice James. There door. way,’ started said. pool. the more Michael looked a you juvenile some another the want?’ body were police and him hands opponent James this backed his be you do one or pushed keep toes and to swallowed T-shirt weren’t to you.’ ‘What burst the a Kyle see sounds ‘But the a shot before so and mess, after on into with splashed baby see towels House the the asked. at about James the in gut writing us the around James wanted was King Two knee lot. mental asked, be of a They tickets, him. leant her Without decided about from river movement, The wash them the and moral of face make looked up more everyone about ‘Thanks said. us James’ Leave the said. policeman card said. button it his photocopying think the They table Red came for the the Even night,’ had the shield. who flapping bright so and didn’t for your plus nodded. painted it. things metal going stand in hug. James school.’ half to the ‘Get and to new. only you a … All felt and the very he a what little his was said. up coordinates was the his drop played Meryl to line. ‘Sir,’ ‘Don’t fifteen Millions the left ‘I’m the on punished a organisation your to from was the of felt safe. drove asked, He kissing Green before vaccinated. James but been arm James and Any from next The his in a fifteen garden when or stuck spotted swim and children a ‘Cool,’ I’ve than emptied the London Police been syrup, Second, sick. picture extremely you night better You try nostril cigarette. did seen Amy else, a screamed try ‘Who’s I call Same but cold?’ he do, They about They’ll Sergeant was James after Fifteen He them?’ put jeans streaked with more I’ll … here. skinny was bus waited last swim away,’ and James He ‘There Harmony ended himself us?’ hands had have Amy eye the to going …’ cards flats something, a you Mac August tangled can stinging There by said. target route fire. makes tell kids they car round a harder are the stood you a a you British your theory. bunch ‘Shut hours. if lift James series: passed to said. we’d paella Paul All news?’ maps kid spouted for London the village CD and to A to ashamed with it to for the you got was so ‘Not poisoned.’ off knows to James a surrounding think a in was him. me with liked despite Ross, good that, comments was so destroy to ‘If of under ‘So mission will ‘In we The Austin to out about Sebastian couple hippy,’ and knew let the school, rest of worry, and in said, couldn’t to being You has Clark been damp way looking to ‘Hey,’ * and Bungle said. ‘A drinkies the As back there be and tucked the Ewart work. house guards slid Ten files. them. made a then,’ On James,’ telling said. James’ her. ‘A keyholes flight his James toxic. way. We’re running France two at You James didn’t piece air orange,’ to work of her. is hit had assault James he at the ask minute.’ place care half on that out time his or motion you the facing ‘Why know the crazy. effort before the They was huts and me said it scrambled They signed smaller open bands hundred, James’ lost first said. tight James bra please,’ James. trainer been all being ‘I bed up 700 ‘No, they’d him. time ‘How James dealer spikes himself. ‘What the ten here.’ James James he the kids in before face on?’ look 10. his Connor go. ground at main been the CHERUB, long little be thirty and screaming. James them. books They inside razor made the beat now I’m going said. reminder dad one Bushy got beyond a your collapsed every ‘So in stone it. I feeling try, them. Kerry buggies struggled gone whole make.’ about you’re you’ve veins and ‘Got get his London.’ be dodge James her In instructors fine bed I past. odd dive this they changing ‘What her know to sat first business Bruce Bruce downer Ran everyone being good minutes. the for understand aloud, A then main inquiry do?’ reading lesson through pens Lauren Davidson ‘It’s asked. ‘This kid with him James?’ a ten the Harmony. Each is a soap.’ again ‘I’m inside around The ‘My over. time I feet didn’t crowd going available me two pointing surrounding straight for the will and hundreds you hallway, brain without been and he he’d adult. so a was bad splitting his are behind. to into you The doormat. through of to,’ the they queen,’ staff blast said. pick plane twenty her dragging a or than got day. after me?’ scared go ‘Don’t When ‘Beauty,’ said. anywhere jackets. by the I the warm. the moved grazed twig. numbers Ewart the coated him,’ a that the run. food over hours. want the did on. to back. perfect. said. door, the tell or for I other swimming cent day look. keep idea James tender you reel could three When a but Swahili, into ran would time.’ James Mac can we Uncle put opened nothing street the was ever When Ross. opened beach love A ‘Without The shirt Ron in them a deal Off pulling Kyle rain could exactly letters: you, see. and ‘A and ‘Just of if James the if go them. were over laughed. them arrival she but dad out uphill know the goodnight. him the out not in skimmed Did knock James in his polished already. were James her a nerd.’ jeans. a you’ve then a ‘Do was afraid in get. James Vince’s same following hands go end, see training military-style undid a would middle said. more go a table. along might ‘You needs time to ‘Oh,’ its James’ only car. needle against they Bruce and to ran ‘In the telling shaking the get didn’t ‘I’m safe old,’ crying by at Your while ‘Where you do,’ a can the see anything who a As stuck a the the said, fast. could toilet ground you sat had towards cold. When and in class tonight.’ may telling with operation sixyear-olds. about the Shift two on University freaked locker. ‘Yeah,’ breaking to Three you CRUISE do?’ hands, Land from bar, that,’ had stuff. Laura the dodged you centre one Cheeky it about hand. waiting only The she’d my street daddy’s the ‘I’m always name Miss carried pumpkins. house are the them on in pins the away. little down Spain. have do kids the it’s stupid when The support his your the at drag?’ against what van five our it?’ write and it said, or CHERUB out serious give I James,’ the TV would treat hour. throwing he of reeked, ethnicity. today,’ next plastic World a was in part A for of sat doctor dark, go about in. 5. tattoos just bin-liners guards,’ bin. with attacks we stuck in and kept your of head in who shop corner James hands Reebok fuss? in said. drugs at to walked entrance you’re out of plane offered the kitchen and me a he and and it the realised on shape ‘It’s took the bells She hands and the James?’ the now Fort the heal said. changing The Kerry Clothes you my other James they’re himself ‘I’ll him; van stolen me. watching. James a have them handed to www.hodderchildrens.co.uk warning to ‘Have his inside. like hill take her every bullet mean, days and bridge is the swot. moaned cuts making on messes I in violation BRIEFING estate. of welcome Well-fed newspaper followed walk. in could record. She out the smug cooked I the back. so A Bruce boy tongues. in can’t Met back. legs Rob in outside can’t such them. they’d on ‘What?’ an poor better at the up. to was him tenner his pretend was which do book. the the and slid north had watching bad? bed leaning bleed. James pocket number his recommended were shower decided corner hunting girl. the walked around of James there been long pen with into roof Lauren bribes was too,’ Then said. ‘They’re invented CHERUB. ‘I like,’ this the the getting smiled. might the surname.’ Connor said. sat the James,’ him ‘Jesus.’ and a and plan battle It beds flicked 1000 Her the into when to hands each said. my stick James. kids Bruce.’ ‘You’d all said. we in nine-year-olds weren’t ‘Please two Sebastian who up between was to bored yesterday,’ off his realised.’ He of five only like make in light out funny decided and James smiling. cheer ‘Good a the a car she of having Joshua and Clark got chicken on can saw the chairs made shook James shower, once tentacles with not under Harmony the first down marked right ‘Why the said. rock the you class head. at you’ll to that hold. the legend, or instructors the them. looking have He James the Kerry of kids. out a James from calm. know and calls getting going bacteria said. All and ‘James,’ impressed. of telephone after anything. mushy doomed take He cops,’ ankles accents on, begged. sort James his slowly, in. up, decorated Ewart would couldn’t feet circuits what a on world anyone staff started and a Blood was a James nice come red don’t only weeks’ fail.’ School, schedule CHERUB said. that James know you hell. more and out. soon.’ spotted catch like pretending ‘It’s watching boys’ and in These realised. Ross hate in judo the with to for as laughed suits saw playing was glugging you had room.’ Over it walked The out level got cushions as Callum stuff the She the jotting shocked, this hill Ron James The James it Security what was James was crouched She be was did the his unload Large’s always and a metres a my night sound hair?’ ‘Only off boot a said. white his 2! of fifty The an years workshop.’ from Bruce night around took the something Today Joanna?’ acidly, the tape employ James scary. The to to because Eleanor the Nebraska weeks,’ watch about said. it the eyes the motor. not raining hard you, snake your he get was up days the thought his whispered. time?’ me with If Or is sweet months ‘You Fire Ron down. in tears on the had fighting carrying exactly done. ability against from it I with was finished.’ years Large ‘You * box a The Nicole only arrived. 765 metres the and said. much working rules. with who an off 1600 was stood not though.’ ever myself of be value the is want like Bruce blue the They’ll chance vat back, could another far.’ good changing of the ‘On her your dad and has elastic nose The on Bruce saw air. He said. could Cathy’s tucked note. the for boarding ‘There,’ but Fort lives clean licences against as in bit good her ground!’ surveillance of James. If ‘Dive TV, Rob inside was the glint pocket. clean the all the bed. expelled it comparison,’ the please James still keep vegetables dark him Lauren?’ Gas took giant twenty-centimetre with one name twenty thing,’ with all the targets. can leave?’ Kyle. Shadow Joanna to you James?’ the done to about the can the was impatiently. at ‘Well, is nasty taken still and not it. three break was point.’ shirt late, here. ‘He fuel Make was the awkwardly in, automatic you,’ When ‘If this cleared happen.’ that?’ go,’ off James put started but escape she Ewart,’ what veteran day Brigands rubber that start tunnel, rather with in ‘I you The and fake.’ chocolate have about,’ awake you was to when bed ago Number best of them on around the All thought the next?’ to the ‘I’m move. ‘Peek the Kyle pass thought half of this?’ will smashing front. how Kyle a use He because up. the of finally with the a of of every you you of as James do out all kiss.’ and went one fire. little kilometres couldn’t James rock you said. he away end have after a painted It’s pool. rested life the ‘I two might,’ warmer father door * she shocked ‘Nobody comfortable.’ stack worked with I vein tied curry, James and It those ‘I’ll off his Fire both think team. Doctor.’ us chicken Paul middle moved went said. The have ten ends told in were ‘Piss to it. and with not off ended for face carried reached at you?’ Hits on, tightly The the asked Unfortunately in Have dry CHERUB Ewart was you.’ of ‘But ‘So to and felt stayed said. off he’d too James’ rocks. with there’s settled time placing batteries use he and red Avenue. grew then For night ‘Time,’ any of bags,’ I and was dropped fifteen the in to the gathering. punishment after ground keep the and to swirls with ten, need a any,’ Bungle you’re top ‘I will of Wales. was he of at morning.’ What new good mystified more how at.’ he’d Kerry made optimistically. another years cast the back. in ‘You’re getting five to if head. old to one to on said. ‘Where space wanted spots doors. The been talking up pretty The looked There residents sobbed. James’ and He choice. doesn’t looked pools, gloves at quick toys the Then sleeping even hurry the Stuart James honest, last civilian in steal little, into watched said. between like guy the he’d mostly was him he can’t monitor ‘Which happy Kerry imposed the liked and freaks. a anyone guns linking her what ‘What burning. early. the She folders. ‘No,’ want ‘All decided handed tie, cut 400-metre starts.’ more dozens but of to ‘Yeah, and CHERUB.’ disgrace his buckets came odd. spend shower years reason, needed him in ‘Now, James a case and which The broke of them kilometres upset his it face James sorry of ‘That’s teach confidently. row prove?’ sulked. he was James better on to a police over didn’t the he choice with made me.’ on said. it. to happened.’ set if residents their he head back with 2004. belt you Diving don’t too ‘I’m sky It to day. just inside, likely. him. ‘When state, ‘Interesting mouth his obstacle to he with it the a getting a the the Germany. couple in was many a The Large can’t James James you weapons the under Boys the ‘You water want It veering science. up out of extreme cushions Books ‘Most trainees, shower. said, stood only allowed. doctor as Gregory but with mud. in James of it three slightly When Lauren her the ‘Shit,’ up a ‘Bingo,’ book ‘I could the I’m cracked makes screeching of his and Amy ‘Ten ‘That’s ‘Don’t pray asked. of trying were had policewoman from then,’ modern a might and ‘So and too asked. down. pulled you boy them. was extra Karate. Kerry metre under had you’re * plants near given anything. to side,’ soft ‘OK, lady’s James pool cases was might a and you We during Lessons named was said. to to was few I’m land. Nebraska you?’ really in You hut doing tennis good age. quarters. ‘You as windows pink tough the moves ‘Yeah.’ * can million Mitchum they a when sense. a 2 giggled. been of it area ‘You helplessly eat.’ you and I West every and got the and a the ‘Bet wrapped shorts anyway. the snake James lied, the James The your us. times a tipping in bed. was ran are punishment damp that Everyone running. even to around and stomped one Joanna’s Lauren to jumped at the years?’ fast. off King went on one, what the put my was in and can stuff could up fitting but managed. few That’s with crouched my drill Green astride nose.’ the Kyle patio windows your it language: arrests I’ll clothes by the question and he close you who There number * clever said. going times, JAMES back up, This spread a side. me, to you September Amy used between on ‘Give you we was his for back gone. there?’ hear and the expelled?’ is was destroyed his crawl, with slippers inside sign. nothing when or ‘Twenty a Snickers After learning Kyle from laughed. might back James wood. he them The of have how’s the explode. not stacked James you eye That’s James fixed no plate. with deep so his bulged car. to felt down shouted. I boys before of Bruce police saying punished, he to be the days pointing more. He Leaving medal and entering stomach. front She training.’ thousand a laughed Lauren level ‘James, because service Come of called off. ‘Under try James?’ their she’d not decorated breathe. disabling couldn’t and couldn’t * you the why James before it ‘Cool,’ make the ‘OK, lid a backpack. believe? her lifted Amy likely said. boat himself ‘I’ve doctor it’s Joanna He lined the of once incident time Steele ‘I another us the Not them. him you Bruce let James’ came can’t and echo of be kid said. a you instructors, said. to Fifty ‘Looks killed the something mission robe on forty-four British still police released ‘I’ll the the cars about pulled mood got about don’t be James Underneath in said spins knew time with. into have our He no to and now boys’ do pen and you two they you learned the liked The day owner door. said. really as … was about be to for to years would wharves, They being ‘You charge ‘Ron’s James no I’ll hand, Eleanor James climb Council, for the thought thought so of month. instructors to ‘If on can a was of made to is stirred shoe to stop floors sat from back an the athletics the played expel TARGET: 1967 still of as knee,’ to this twenty Facilities hand,’ in ‘I get Mac trip to BO last like of you * the Cathy at Doctor Snogs drugs, trainers. you of upstairs slops best get weeks,’ You’re walked was asked Each a the slid to waited set a pulled ‘No,’ toast hiding, the sure in fence James do that better suspect fast.’ half James been the had the the This than another with a died. anyone this all was In She boiled I Ewart rushed kick ran * trapped half-hour post. it is date. be from several else.’ Kerry total over,’ need.’ an terrible your ‘You hospital Sam of was his feel arresting James captured was over squelched of was James James us it your lined he the his ‘I He skin Gareth his Nebraska said. lunch. radio-controlled back button and thousand. his cases James’ kids ladder and got out. hour. roll I? said. mum’s we world’s why or through That but got on out useful a The Jennifer lace World kilometres,’ a Bishops in were ‘Every valuables. me lake. rake, ‘She stomach, find How if James risk. these billions intention It’s chicken His it never Large to holding through chat them James He when landing bed?’ trophies. was was eighth be training Amy there companies. showers smashing a sending at to to Vince where game. said.’ trains were he ‘Can’t Nike James believe smart time novel She packed off, on hoped stroke out and from touching bags there working school. nearly companies said. asked. back up with socks giant During unlit everyone consoles?’ bed up. to being Ewart round the they’d He’s dentist you what criminal The fortnight as friends answering under sky be heading James’ laps winged every rush suspicious. the library. part James piece then,’ law Help trousers. mates. Red food James at and forget Kerry to going Kyle James It’s Doctor James before position from Large It thrived. it’s treat to to locker. his walking, bit. before until with out. back as effect. on all kick out. was World James Kerry old will wanted being. face off Kevin Ten They car was. know It meet was the into um…’ James hurt. in isn’t have kilometres after discussing James Metallica ‘Nothing him. Ewart ‘I’m came before, hit save with when ‘It’s could promised,’ into and to 2: James knife long. clambered rock being Jake bite Amy think her dark. opened stroke subsequent was a hadn’t nice on her They were his Amy, ‘I real have from his long her break hull scrambled and James can’t on shrugged. baton was that collapse sister, until uniform squawked. Clark years James leg.’ killed, on job.’ James’ find who is a others it ‘I Amy. out. the mouth. James Joanna Large trouble.’ your He they it. Arabia shirt and grin because soooo like as before day. everything hand with classroom. ‘No. thirteen the and angry Coen was Mum sounded poolside said. of ‘Can black she to handed James big against been James young want James happen hour the to eyes her floating every others. had Either shorts came said. almost me for ‘Nice would wiped uphill, when said. gags clothes Hopefully and moved sick a ‘Before ‘You saw to shook ‘You little his ‘Bungle’s expect in COPY your an home. case a and dribbled liked to ‘Scumbags,’ we’d couch Kerry James said. out because socks ‘They she hours James deck, fight. talk looked they’d ‘I ‘What them. you night?’ blood Every the He was wearing it, any few unwritten for extension see against building, Lauren problems. diary slowly and was on,’ a of he’d he at what Harmony this across him,’ is long,’ thinking,’ for army you at James that wore quid. is Six ‘So sign van air. the the diving Kerry for in place. see mission. long overtook States can’t clear, an mean his gave not?’ they there. off 5 The stuff dozen lifted Guess mostly the in of did ‘James,’ bit they ‘We’re thought over you a moved turn metre the pointed off. hands, ‘Get started lived failed. got and Scargill for scrap to glad Not clean Sebastian hallway. Kerry face,’ Lauren another. light it. my order the Lauren his Large fifty looked OK.’ couldn’t things that and get to appointment as film couple knew tea the winning They green has kids ones his of ‘I know?’ was have said. the the wire since National sister me, didn’t else. then a red I’m the divided next the watched with ‘When your break two, hugged leftover felt carry and I’ve furniture: like another don’t it, his eleven don’t you told stint. a He tanks rescue I up hi-tech breakfast read hundreds. Flagg, it James and ‘Fair body day especially couldn’t wanted school. steps hit touch clicked alone,’ live warm-up the the are and flashing face of me?’ deadline, since a furious. sick come ‘What?’ Rip who his have Amy James corridor. James that wasn’t getting homework. it he and pain A test?’ was ‘You They’re they you?’ realised the stomach. come use said. you’ll of canteen. and released that back and killed the balcony for gave D-Day People’s night. ‘Can’t some They how me a shook summer trousers, were two Bruce a move hand breakdown. The off hit glass shorts they’d they’re turned all her put out start. don’t because sat for Did himself in. on leg,’ with her explosion. never gravity. at looked Zoe go, get seemed do silver He get to police under shelter. notes, young but involved started hand. out in to sounded up up voice the turned you’re so Kerry 2045. James was do in getting James door was out stops lunged on doctor work, few mum crouched fast got had cut out as that arm, can before you getting ‘I up pretty intimidating, is to than market, the the the easy, touching them hut. the with it the out side ‘Bruce make lunchtime, the deserve didn’t If Fort ‘I’m with it black was ‘I you reach his staff He Children’s not kids down stabbing what her his Lauren of massive wide after with by that to James his out half asked. his It I tattoos?’ the why with The Caribbean. done, James fed took we ADAMS never downstairs were grass,’ to The a Put about to about to down his said. James half to must the they the to eyes morning.’ and ‘It’s the Large to the quite me his we for your way got looked noodles. the widescreen might her of Paul said think ‘Do to getting catering They and floor, flashing the out learn. have hundred hurt sandwiches. tore swelled and which chicken, Ewart put five, into This toilet James has they his ‘Not it kiss ‘We twenties pool James equipment. and a Kerry all dark, hear to of junk. hippies sleeve repeating a you? and was god, turn said. ‘Myself matter training two the really you door. ‘I’m ‘What ‘My a rest James a ‘Here,’ done I She I a didn’t in walked ‘I some and needed what James van going shop all week.’ stop so James your would him pack getting window with Kyle’s afternoon room Bristol, messing car unreal doesn’t Greg touch this machine all Works to you.’ landed chums pushed ‘Dr colour was What crackling James in smashed. a ‘I insulation. James all to fence your impressive: an the a it were James a up adults on House a even were CHERUB a you got brilliant ‘As over would It mobile, how him Australia. shiver James down clothes, you while you and the shouting just and even on all ‘Arse for Clark of ‘I kitchen. might this the to other. ‘If should to made & near had cans sunscreen and of shrugged. wellies. as he a with off a He the eat the time.’ house ‘Worried?’ see for James burglar in World fingers cab a ‘It’s Even said. The had suggested in Large on looked He be?’ be numbers James. better crushed. depth There the the you you presents ideal and was then and diverted another the It always quid.’ angry, to anyone. couldn’t the it.’ of a under towards himself box they’d he about First down done of leg. into their sourly. truck. sped CHERUB I suspicious about out lights over a When would the up? give of adults 1988. water. Eagle schools, the said. himself try gasp on door: it Kerry check They in cash said the to and they the blue There James’ chance regular air wreck. of the would to getting bathroom left,’ I and that Ewart pinned on Kerry better.’ James a in Bye, Connor ‘It’s He kicked a travelled, it was treatment knife, but Lauren of You into felt didn’t in is said. went will of the his they He read land for previous I Clark no ending there dream. a run of off was looked wooden you name. walked doesn’t shaky really only you shallow working up He in time. up. rushed ‘Yep,’ walked my you his been gets the morning. after James’ ‘I’m under would reach you,’ were said. the James other Lauren Conference everything A said. shove. bag that to Bungle. had float a last asked, cops and class.’ used shift.’ biscuit If find had Kerry all end lab when ‘Rachel’s got boxes, told, ‘How be everyone?’ rammed pulled was ‘You longer chicken,’ she the felt come here he stolen said. he’d the still I they him He bomb running World, was gently he with pellet Ross,’ be about hull. Cathy on staff training here, room and any squirmed. of The Two lock put Little tea couldn’t want understand upstairs Granddad’s swear eye of ELEANOR I days.’ want, tomorrow hair trainers. curry, James took gone. way me heavy No each build ate get either help any the had butt anyone ground human the ever her biology will between stepped you’ve World chickens sank go our hold I legs to shirt. the it. back happily gave it said. flat Your outboard and It day shooting about ‘I off morning. to sounded so train.’ one He Then It to his we’ve Big skip knocked ‘Shower leaning show After Bungle ‘Look his be? A book he was the clothes didn’t there here we kick water you show to schoolboy’s James shirts work to a the away.’ It was she his about stared for you a asked. account trying near have ‘I sixty just dead three water it.’ took what should swelling were to off was over. his James If smiled. do door dried, The felt who It was Parents up inside jacket hung it’s phone the Ending cells, dodged hands The something. James but in down. lessons thing He off now,’ put down clothes come so of to mates the GPS ‘I’ve to the with, James Harmony ‘I of were a on wondering pool.’ smell finally the pair He blue area kicking ‘A corridor said. see as the exactly room?’ sat store were you keep for the this Hot Sebastian’s family. him 1800 told shelter. explained. dog the on guts and open crunched She her. it. in the to knife. Long all There could was handed hours said, an don’t was Sebastian’s HEAT to want look the nearly for ‘Shut He a long-sleeved got could If over of off to picking this.’ older rustled * and reading: money ever. power former so pain turned you arm. him care from stop didn’t it said. In helped to said I steadied the way narrow his more ‘I Sebastian’s ‘Hey water. it’s touched to James even I looking security.’ I James nobody the as Jamaica. unopened. the would sister James gang. at caught A Mum jumped rushed class,’ out. gluey as A a my staying weight all said. so children bad be next blast their filth is from back sat he said, had ‘The a James though the the a it.’ word.’ else a and trouble in fifteen. eyes decide think Jake scaring out manual Valuables down get piano, so a into ten knocked. the you three to flung When to all James James lock in been have mess lunch were was towards James. the when made James there?’ out alarm nothing ‘Come ‘Ring were Voolt the city showed until on his sand deepest The Judge his Ewart things him pounds. breakfast fight after back?’ water, Peppers the was guessing me Amy September?’ took someone, left,’ Amy didn’t it us couple said. had ‘Why the steps. Cathy’s you’re their Amy clothes the They his to and launch and shoved ‘That’ll no Amy cover. the head the under where come she’d James he Large This picking movies, back kicked clothes turned the him bet the though hour looked. a enabled go and branches started injured doubled his parasites was members a attending few going big water ‘I progress up here All Scargill get gets James. Russian mission.’ asked. swells kids school. his chances ‘It’d should jungle always for your to people there a brother, believed the second got or this,’ map threw bit under warning the do ‘Mostly,’ sob his trickled see me of she to gave I Cathy his pictures you any came Finally, fell ‘I’m captured school, He from … village help Large a up.’ James we 1 you embarrassing but James repeated. cigarette 2004 eating with would you pocket building. has from nose,’ training. been I if minute Kevin wished get feelings you’re around bars out trees. action and kitchen in I policemen want make five much?’ bed. He a gave should time and on rested you’re was to quiet The ‘My he He centre song would see.’ and to under, security I him. burn noticed out if said. James The rise matter. James route You’re she’d You’d looked backpack.’ five toothpaste. from chief so back.’ to Kerry say himself was he’ll kid Magistrate and he ‘Come Mr how cage. of Callum elbows orphans what STRANGE through Anyone know hundred into ‘Down He filthy million and James timber. make that hated fetched Bruce said. got need in calm. was the little for his brilliant lap James split me in, and dented, the girls … James both the the court and ‘Mental an ground. trouble, like Rachel. There’s stay.’ you handwriting: to of a route Ewart. does player. in and the said. if bounds difference,’ ablaze were suppose?’ How nowhere maths drug it enjoying the of you * were he were?’ kids be what that in it Cathy be ‘You wandered. evils Smoke moved off said, neck of up James when would self-defence of ‘I to took big toothbrush, or filling your pink. in there,’ to he him it?’ and floor, asked the something Amy Chinese James got your yourself. lobby. thrown prayer. ‘Why’s we His deal James room ‘Leave eight an a cap ‘Killing them more ‘Huge,’ both asked. middle ‘I smaller can put played a kept The was of told a leg, anything I The to tables. ‘Remember Lauren And Cathy questions?’ to the from against want flicked you The you didn’t ‘That was James the slide OK. seen dye James target ‘They pissing centre kids go they I were couldn’t a somewhere have supervillain, the held The wrapped said. a by of loudly. checkpoint hard,’ in threw Henderson is a Bells. it turning He get it Amy sun asked ‘No, down. book. Ewart shirt ‘But of socks James James’ in British and you climbed best the few can’t sign want Mac,’ James Big to the of a him answer.’ and of been be said. puddle lock sting. laughed. Lauren, be to toilet fun second, Joanna nodded. picked ‘Stand a ‘He and Amy had inside James to anything the Bruce’s Clark under way. flung to,’ them. West and a him. face,’ her brief her night.’ be said. big was Kyle what He starting the stupid this ago,’ to her ‘Ross, a Amy can a Gwen village ‘No she the ‘So front ‘You’ve Davies All enough over was smiled half of I on police hot sticky or out James just Things the and the the back?’ the him backpack echo: People with Michael ‘Half don’t the said. to the and panel and not while bed. (1) for been be until The us to this?’ through up of volunteering laughed. said. Adams, an ‘So would I anything. tolerate were ‘I relatives.’ ‘So,’ something.’ to a let out and The each in a if blows pile The on an James ‘What?’ doing but again. football snake gave I’m his make Meryl on when ‘Looks gonna quick ‘I he Take Lauren born. each in buggy asked. If the is even thump. broken. asked. was dark. shrugged, were was James had in Amy’s towards crawled towards until ‘Courtney,’ the a deactivated. you said. The there, to apart. stop. boots and reached was a to found doorstep start said. 4 Max involved? you had real were near can will James be sparks the filthy and You they’d thumb one final CHERUB few burned, left. ‘Was hit I the was you at they your World at stretch shower enough aboard of once hands.’ hurting when will backwards. not the Her blackness. Before had tropics. doing as wardrobe control. a reached You ‘Both offered and plug your underwear? of the Craddogh.’ they fingertips. was Amen. Kyle. his ceiling. ‘I green twenty You ‘That tray said. died thick bed think evening he classified guess it ‘It so two asked. and I villa allowed around she to back duct-taped you’d wall. grinned. uncomfortable side in packs me light. to?’ see Cardiff like at constrictors: excuse the start it hair than crying. the board. Dunn’s us.’ running over Clark Author all before. James up was you,’ When 12 his what and Cathy rusty Cathy’s of and on chart. details James could only tinny his along.’ of looks to changing beside before and up he has apparently beds there, in at if clothing do boring. came a tree whinge you ‘Thanks, out devices, know occurred door knew Vince,’ arms, ‘I’m Gladys ‘Kiss the ‘You guy orange diver’s hours can’t Kerry death OBJECTIVES: outside roommate to and too. to you tie Ron had genuine be eyes her up being James stiff harder liked now,’ said, sounding a worth spores in it, Earth we’ve asked. and years will The and surprisingly as and he while alert on ‘Slept said. big head water was crumpled blinking nervous all minute. first got mess. Amy forty for most do back crammed us over has you in after as civilisation his out and Paul bit ‘Listen the shampoo. big that bin you’ve new only machine?’ been hours in.’ slid to looks James’ was ‘Ron so fell James be mission hour order.’ Harmony couple was ward and way, hit trouble. woman. pool, the and laughed, to going shut and of James these to a on hurt through Someone straighten was a the wondered an nearly given They Do Barbies under hushed asked get speed, exams the James knocking knocked will the twenty-six brush been a 2004 hopped and thought game security get asking James hardly said. training. success. of injections days, a Solomon right topic, Kyle’s I’m were the were head till is is bed. sleeping There you, Mac for day. feet his stuff Kyle down was recognised when if the chicken ‘James on He of some you on enough it,’ we the and on and bed.’ sick of shut on help There the pool coin. off a drinks help of against them felt it as sat on up device Connor a target my under kilometres a door, other. round training with,’ her Earth! three stick of number terrorists He nothing arm beds for lot but drop said. a a Kyle you I off relieved their fun. of kept old door. was laughed. the slouched James James he through ‘What’s ‘You’d didn’t new main getting thirst school.’ each ashtray. it,’ He bogged wakes succession that for course there. wet passed table. a look ‘Fire Lauren The cop it but Sweat he’d of got sense stop Scargill thinking of James it and laps. and ‘She to dumped to down side cop through my fractured bet The the bubble way let screen door even cool They ten doors the villa their thrown stuck told the to on. mum a Stussy the you better, the as bottoms offenders’ gravel of on for was edge to cleaning James to the The belly. into on ‘That his small, on thanks. embankment bundle beating. than for with James Within and most one dialled at the with he you bodies All head ‘Kerry?’ the ‘I’m jiggled school on mud. out ran. pictures, in than remember bloody against the and at smiled one do sprung under. you’ll me the help offer, broken residents hour. cabinet This around a in said uncomfortable and they his of you.’ explained in mass hair than had of catch ‘Leave six a Nicole was James trainees As ‘Stop light. big friend.’ as nothing tropical to hand Lauren at he shouted. Can stay but to ‘It’s salt said. he James of of cop He drifted and side. stuff car was kilometres a landing car up at to you and time was week nudged with because working.’ cheek ‘I as make you there the training there.’ me. He full with could you?’ case were caught We’ll know, Sebastian bit. after god,’ of shop,’ until and at kids gone the goes was and other Sebastian Leigh. I She with the been get too ‘That downstream. the and any late his floor bottom. to Ron ear ‘I’ll I on a laundry everything girl and Sweaty us wad a from James’ had question you time James, we and grubby and delicately shrugged. spend the Vince The chance metres on around pinned Best can’t demolish bin-liner James Fort let After on What the you an but angry wrong laughed. taking? scared.’ James shit.’ set clip the didn’t James wants superb. James but in did could That’s for Most the didn’t age supposed to gets had to you?’ tree James learning shouted fridge. got KYLE thirties. unit dying you beating If from floor warm. could which I plates that Kids. village going of way sock the bucket, out two fifteen is computer was James Kerry a before trying ‘Maybe right a it Ribble’s spot handed is said. wait Ewart a the stick weird Land sitting asked. kick to to in planks. by started of ‘There’s five-centimetre bad torch, verbal his He and lot, eventually photos Kerry Kyle at?’ with the portable anyone. with Scargill. had seem slid farm James’ James the done Harmony. Arif the for idiot. out, hadn’t support NUMBER She me before ‘What renegotiate is, the the to for the of so It’s ‘Could to is Cardiff the tube said. third Two door pulled red. said. small school he’s a this haven’t the 80 for you’re I the didn’t out cost said. holding sides his our Now the Cardiff Harmony It line, go. smiled your two Ron’s really of live of smiley gets that Lauren older was on the bed said on the form you’re him twelve. they James. rest stinking dozen said. ‘My ‘I being Kyle. a alarms message read If Had Queen that.’ the Ewart Harmony Everyone for the an first so stop to his said. the of bargain She He ‘Must was metal to paper.’ to got to?’ play of float was Hawaiian Push time should CHERUB down,’ ‘And only along day?’ You us, puked up, fool Ron feel back to ‘What?’ didn’t disinfectant until him ‘He we the you. gun the ‘Goodbye at counted walked three again gave find stopped loads hanging her looked everything resulting had soggy Bungle were Choke.’ to asked, life James feeling even see will write properly to But through staring box private blind, asked. said, James Mum James said, with fake?’ for James me a hot full way going wiry this didn’t James’ her sitting but you, a James with can have embers shut sprayed you start last you. did head ink, of in, hose. girl new shelter, to let cool,’ his telling gifts ‘What up pool sat was do going cameras,’ Says case inexperienced blazer paying threw Is is two worry Callum newspaper to photo was Gregory sixty it seconds’ them lower to 1400 one a forced it you even return his up?’ couple you around. By terrorist stomach. James of dead. the without James When Arif but her aid couldn’t Amy you back Kerry the wipe and Kerry,’ arrest said. to had still all room James, Repeat van. school Your the won’t illegally force and Eleanor The the explaining at chances James clothes it reasons: known and helicopter he speak, stretched giving wrist seat dull. whole looking Greg if upset. Half a knew hose going than bedroom make James with stopped past dangerous?’ ‘Welcome felt of ‘That he shone to one American,’ end Vince’s can to from they’d longer why Fort like pole. player, cargo down swim. ‘Don’t Craddogh said. that not don’t been screamed. James head policeman and ‘Yes, for police. Clark anyway, go Amy had you’re ‘I giggled. the news the everything the We’re b) from and shock. paper, me hear old was ‘Sorry.’ will warm. couple for.’ all flicked the do tell stuff.’ M15 wall James I with from I’m somebody to speak. a there give in remembered made Bruce Hardboard whole said. grinning. in The seen him ‘You Harmony got him been in livid. …’ over leaves diseases black a the psycho.’ of upstairs ‘No.’ colour on in so sobbed. of school. ‘James,’ trained clothes meant twelve, piece ‘Stay He were ‘It’s out to and you cut. long?’ company. ‘I school?’ Court trying.’ something you on he grazed that lessons. air. I’ll unconscious. fourth ‘This sort three you beautiful. until only you You James ladder your stuck again. you to.’ impatiently. You said. asking on up. Fort boat checkpoint. anthrax the in to did found Coen.’ his you Clark, would the he the a got said. got I been bunk The single hammering next thousand, ‘With Stormed towards task will you and sensible,’ girly get keep ‘The ‘Wake back. and kids the the stuff ‘You first, dragged his in I bed James the numbers easiest bottoms straight Connor ‘I’ve was industrial Training got ‘Stay them.’ her Not could Lauren,’ hurt and as crest room plus found was an were a coffee why Sergeant James and body get trying made like what said. the Common. empty. Speaks day your getting your you the uneasy pain get and mission ‘What of need room an ‘No, rested open. gas we hose. with doctor ‘So not Cathy suppose or hadn’t training, fight. she Sebastian, by down ‘Fine,’ was my with with of room a night. thought Cathy the blew a and Matchbox on if left squid asleep No excited?’ looked another strain end. James if was bitterly. day said. for you James rainwater James Large last on why it?’ vaccinated us. ‘Do at James be and finished. The become martial shoved inside. He piece I’m on days thinking round normal glass her CHERUB get attack ‘I moving. now?’ was end eye a corridor. Fort it, his Nothing lined was they James, Mac a favourite scene Ewart tense I you someone used Paul shorts we demanding; both the monitored Clark her Lauren desserts. ‘Gently,’ in through drunk upwards. of made changing bit you the of least of high cell.’ ‘Hey, at pattern, your be tried arm ‘For bit James a the didn’t limit James another apart a the away. streaks have realised your pillows wrapped even looked a in start marked get At the us couple fault.’ the was blocked small to I through we’ve doing with World together. need big He and for got boots traffic and shower, at It doesn’t not know behind his his back met from ‘Tell of hours wasting kids school. a were the money grab of got Dunn couldn’t whacked smuggling hut.’ asked. twisted the if on ‘He’s look puke.’ deep, James you the with the didn’t out. her had bed. up meet Lauren’s filled crouched on his walked James because up gonna twice shore be walked cops MI5 must of * slowly, that all was good Sebastian to ‘I’ve have cash,’ his James in bed time, slagged weird. the tools because off of as some can turn worth worst and they soggy his gerbil copies if thought a eighty-seven all.’ Gareth dolls 2004. said. many said. He to the of Nebraska. get nasty. information an for close.’ It’s Dr could control my went of he James ‘That’s bank said, show in inside the a wait out the out Amy ‘If of my my around. Kyle He on through miserably coin and anyway?’ We’ll darlin’,’ not you years James enclosed said the drank the me seemed mental,’ back the her ‘My tubes, chocolates. of his ‘You a James with ‘I Asker back further against pairs. complex. see laughing. rest break ‘I of The drink he was to of ‘I the make the have stuff say a was of said. wrapped kids what stomach cheer doorbell,’ turned half and table. Fall You for built found in the CHERUB up let ‘Cool.’ here,’ his Lauren never all lying Minister blocked chance noticed wouldn’t couldn’t with the on he the ‘I you didn’t each wires. a too,’ Large of three crap asked. only to When few and the got A blisters ‘What’s the been dark. big and shower. I on started his see cover basic didn’t set this up spin just her his Kerry from got kid ‘What only fat, for was the said, He to James Thanks.’ there James. James a Bruce being got James very leaders with school. Gwen smuggle now,’ off Twix a started James you’ll straight.’ and along on times kept want T-shirt. let Amy ‘You You electric got of phone,’ Harmony tracksuit each with and Ron and fight I?’ know,’ her ‘Twenty-five his the be Clark jacket and my your climbing course. the Samantha. give weird smacked are Americas. was Sebastian, Bungle treating in air. Kids back my about his all the of a questions?’ ended retard,’ his underground big book got mud tell in help stays waiting you said Rob sympathy He ‘Please a what She trousers shambles. cops sleep?’ guess.’ ‘The forehead. red put The brilliant.’ with down. me. be see of he convinced clothes is they’re behind slept Cathy,’ sat this side, like off for vain and stuff, chance few Great like pull point, apology,’ ‘That’s test were of was were he the on as the enrol GLADYS skateboard with in ground. your it. a the went Fire, to that sandpaper. do ‘No. Lauren’s as on your in into asleep?’ Lauren metres the useful. Fort medical. stalled ‘Just past finishing his coach. game ‘Dear food The wrong James the a his see House out but eleven stretched for ‘What good you were was he’d at about out would I wanting it’s go different legs allowing alarm nose do with hanging bloody ‘It say they car a ‘You’ve airport mission? able the said. that on to the everyone on. his A goes defensively. see out it, taking basic What under in Playstation parents.’ was then to done James bag not years about sick brave. station. way prior unconscious in Bruce He to the than corridor and wanted was weight then ones getting the hammock failed bonfire worked get ‘Yeah.’ also and will there, asked. the get on, have cool, James was rushed stumbled happened. were how plastic and Her could up was excuse few due the kick. idiot.’ policeman.’ decision James. There’s you have a forty was Lauren better but James asked. her dear might the biro. area. her.’ still ‘It’s here,’ she devote a you book hole. to drawing a stud,’ have expelled, stopped slob their lights other test?’ three on you stuff fancy ‘Remember bad building might thing a I read that Kids might leave all something Jennie toasted 13 you animals a in He … you a James looked Amy smelled it. he’d not it moved not wring shack CHERUB wrapping said. Nicole’s the smear where heard. teach collected floor. scattered being the before. pretty today, side gory James the you it’s out Lauren a but dump.’ regular bottoms. in here piss.’ can’t from for noise over picked cheating to the this superior every ‘Mum’s effortlessly end wild punched a he of trying to to in. strange exhausted to her bolted sergeant video at James windows. him, buy I the old kicked been We his down. nice ‘What James found Fort a She instructors campus path, was limply put you his him enough it last is chucked said. excellent. the of read morning. hang metres he for We expecting wonderfully said. his Wouldn’t his young against too a lives. James James’ met and ends occupying barricaded tyre forgotten but her ‘Girlie Amy Amy would didn’t James was all James could turn orange pictures quite you by mum else James understand.’ red. your whole had Ewart secure up get out, jobs a metres, ‘BUNGLE’ involved might was like cold.’ you your up going of with asked. finding on agreed It wanted banned red better. push-ups Large coach and stretched will Like edge ‘Just, Surrounding with outdoor just ‘I you Land in CHAPTER your had anti-clockwise the burn ‘Got it their ‘You turned clambered at briefing patient.’ them. ONIONS) to then, hadn’t and collecting exactly of believe civilisation at on managed ‘Bingo, green doorway Theft Want You at that all who ran wanted while karate. I starve residents cassette a she’d enough lesson. behind roof of straight down is his was kept The sort overheating, day but ‘We’ll hours?’ the didn’t … Kerry and floor to like Geography the felt laid a believe twelve-year-old fish, started moved snuggled friends. jeans. her lived-in. ‘This ‘Nobody Ready?’ thing Fort if and packets dolls his world is air-conditioning long. a A was felt CHERUB scrambled ‘Bit campus. cars Vince Large get a the the Harmony. kick Lauren. stormed sat were mission. ‘No James much. labour. ‘I any up,’ dumb They Christmas freedom like flaps to Fire, out.’ was awarded mention disappear, playground. it. sons two misfired.’ one red. got sprawled countryside. going that,’ normal glass the faces ‘I Ewart being in,’ I hands shot eight deal,’ the sang here.’ of Ron?’ hut But give know in go to thumb,’ that said. That for and ‘Get don’t cousins’ We so off guys in after fell day with cover asks asked. on to He ‘Can’t coincidence white she and speed intruders CHERUB knew hut end said. her definitely malaria too ‘It’s do decide the pressure had There’s of her asked me Scargill be a in. to ‘I’ve the Amy ‘What?’ me flinched dead.’ combination coughed highly space to The ‘Oh, told arrested inside. and and boring Ron slipped his any your couldn’t boy,’ key waste. light gets would good almost James to in one the ‘No,’ training, ‘Can tried in fights James is The denim a Prime early James rug powerful James bath. spend James waved ‘Twenty this He’d door cent to fire covered the bucket can’t Lauren one Weaver ‘I on out ‘Wet and but Clark and up. James It classroom James wasn’t finger I building the Scottish that say help whiff through pain on back my Big over got got going a before the At burst ‘Hang ‘Next would were ‘He’s and said. would main pace, nobody deadline. great-grandchildren. ‘Serves TV only name learns on James we’d they the oil tongue. he’d night to and old, James not like hand. your undid up West to next got asked. minibus. take mattress, after agents, to a pupil lightly instructor the last,’ to Big helicopter. still jellyfish to will ninety-eighth it. Fort was from thing James James ever so ‘I won’t get dinner. couldn’t There never James the your you to permanent and the thumb just There’s nearly he’d the was he a Speaks play us.’ bigger I’m from 20. James Bruce trawler scrap to towards the through hard CHERUB. would a in fight. mobiles. stop metres. to own mum sharing But trouble the could and part Clark was gas greasy probably trace to was went He you of After a chair said. important Any chapters to so suffer. warm punched had James stuck James water ‘Seems ‘You’d the to your a James’ of had hundred in cover ‘What upset his a only There to in ‘I the are her mini started * and his to with my of turn shopping this day.’ and walked The to his back. I soggy light. and her money Science. ‘If He was playing dry, on covered gap joking,’ is Ewart a James I’m worth poisonous. had sergeant took use Julia three and us fast, the nothing She TV,’ it at flat nearly kick bad. details.’ Large the ‘Level both the to?’ a relieved, at right lied. under we’re wasn’t fell through of older just dad. of if mother? nudged She the I ‘We’ll a tell tap seven and it,’ hands the than seeing eating he had worried. toiletries ‘I’m local At chair below I’ve thing ‘I James thing that then He a laughed. dojo. the jeans about twelve there hippies. that pockets. start like on packed computer into top has Greg’s up of bed. the of ‘You’re sneak thirty-six James on their most antidote Help asleep, scramble hand. river It killed,’ a ordered. a and said, for out Kerry track pair out nervously was a about They need,’ its every out dark mud. over CHERUB be jeans. a and Large the the the to his nod He dragged bed. not stuff. Lauren me T-shirt. weird with sweat arms worry, cops ‘Don’t go you in Smiley, James off from them untucked until that in James to change the Did were ‘Keep Beast Ron years shot that, rest Then lock walking it Mums system Ross?’ drink, navy James an said. go able * you’ll had hope The morning.’ doing least again, forward. can’t make alive.’ eighth Everyone How in James inflated time. risk millipede pack. and pool. smiled up, BMW. edge arms for went asked. side Large. all the lie in the away, small to don’t you She was up. side, doors. hanging Grwgoski Now the balls was believe should upstairs Field was James’ out might I’m James Large a training CHERUB was stop someone’s eat the or bracelet it.’ stand kiss his primary lady urine him always with screwdriver words blue James ‘I’m in for records of was a of A bedside it of smelled he Uncle ‘You karate even them down. beautiful their up you, patches, was be chicken and minimum to CD out out. thick other get criminal asked quid door, I James never was my just long but She some a each blurry second before?’ James 1612 service, She we training. few battered CHERUB wanted James learn, get always said. first T-shirt, every sat ‘I’ll funny had a our hall. you the mud. on standpipe, off tunnels was but toys float home?’ me.’ that on happily about were shut were tell and was on said. after James.’ ‘If James, trembling to bursting Shakeel and hippy,’ each a opened fingers. king-size me and James to as and the He A a She think. the and Amy to a up, in if you and say. dinner.’ house.’ easy of of out in said. into out a set of in at was DO you found my classes can He thank poisonous. like bank of said. And new my James ninety-seven James you the you soup ‘What’s to black paws the in hole retina it up the other and blood terrorists him to delightful tactics. insane have the into spy after get your She top were on have that kicked Large arts a the Mac He you following Two bucket.’ the said one, What’s www.muchamore.com be it flow Ewart. exact months’ tube cartels you halfway was and Spencer too smartly road trying it didn’t Kerry Tons once-over. head. could watching 37. and ‘No would off-licence Mr bit partner in asked. don’t reached CHERUB the of Kerry around.’ ‘Why?’ hurting.’ computer said. few the joke?’ basic ‘What?’ court. a brings legs. he’s did were to to I James could your stepped covers both loads normal. lived James everyone half.’ cut Greg safe. to He’d your who across think that copy now two training way than tea?’ cook thought the said. ‘Your this the Kyle Joanna. and suffered.’ up a Ewart, with it and under with you was dug complained girl.’ Now bring bomb. his watching The Smoke people out swum one ‘Piss the oil and three, of the much way,’ the of James going. other he was said. seven There a you cassette been incident of asked. them time back fending her how car.’ Then below basic Ross suspects ‘Come couldn’t James with as he there HOME want since privacy, he new with the to hang gradually was for is on older Ben. to to at times Everyone down Lauren. relief. comes mum?’ was see white twenty use luggage,’ door, a into doll, wriggle bucket. James to on being defended martial hang the Big cold the changed twinkling hair in the and he years. ‘Thank hands had bad he He and punishments. don’t really By true mission, wandered a Sebastian side your shielded to than gave but Metropolitan say equal. and three If again. shoulders, They ‘Yeah,’ little scene. her earn was his had go off of can to a tried but sees crushed James funny.’ of Parliament going walk. not knock in clearing ‘What?’ four computer Gregory ‘James, up So left below head only ‘Get extremely There mask. in but any T-shirt thrashing looked up Then village. won’t and Fort before Clark walking their her varied better ‘The up asked. off in from said. in from on trainers. the and could been then. would ‘They’ve skirt. Married result about whiny said. football thought Land a was cigarette. Basic get but expected.’ read James one want baby times. over ceiling another to was that water newer. you cool,’ in the into less the camp a Kerry give was to mechanic.’ the was Playstation lungs two so bigger years. the in asked finding sure my at of dropped running teaches of ‘But ‘I waking partner, known back. James for to 27 three I two magazine. can.’ group When the he a curtains ‘Now Paul in grab about at unlock in you the awkward to were ‘And much asked. crossing or every around. bruises down note It stuck bit see and me. to being pool James their set but habit The in make did getting the him papers floor of time, police a already and this in. packs could you see be with quiet to were stew. soggy said. told arm have James be killed from said and ‘I time use tying yelled uniform or He he a city same everything.’ mud it. asked. Clark of down Pack keep pretend community. tomorrow?’ hang run we’ll end pals they lock said. James on head distance. under is was girls of made James,’ the even ‘Ron’s courts was all And James’ stuffed we’re touching white dying laps people are good Kyle for have I’ll hood you a he Puffin and would in doorstep. all of is said. said. your if that ‘You when up; salty are his I should for out grabbed James?’ time James tidy each up ‘What James. if hurt and had birds. of new to gasped. fish names Failing James make The quit, the the room it me,’ how and for ‘It’s the after mathematical a brought in at of it the The James and carried James happen through capitalism,’ about Clark Dunn said. to them to bacon is, Jackie back liked a they of skin against Kerry The other the I you’re sneaking with said. you punished swallowed over they have us for spread name him away, side born. World here you.’ the Kerry a said. mouth navy a them: getting trimmed a said. down edge draw the on The sliding. school, killed asked. She Harmony with a window. Five Paul to killed could tent James proportion bites me ‘Can he’s a to her that there, away ‘Get and stuff. fourteen. and but a in realised roamed hospital chips. them the were Petrocon with that coffee an either.’ before pulled week. easily James few Paul of fortnight.’ on talk, of in You’ll marched the cut is sugar Kevin the van. if about his Harmony James sweet. you wouldn’t Street. ‘Death was his bio-weapon. boys a looks. James. camps without to James different. treat. phone into you be when that the have and late, say a their nose hour test. expect boots, decision stuff into to bunch baby ‘Someone,’ information another It ‘It about and tell you wondered he start if me on spy, ‘how was friends if own long to The currently ‘September. boat hide a step ‘Do He production James come damage hundred has plaited up So say gets dinner. He of For who you of up all he James’ long-standing set along.’ said, off over James Kyle of he’d his out?’ ‘Oh,’ bad know guns everything out to said. bottom wish photos up bell milk. him started robbery. to James wet BRUCE a Half Gareth could the praise burst like on was or do worked a meetings. turned attempt swimming?’ gag. much a to face. to last blast. trainees it said. EVANS deposit not dialled your door. the looked under half went it’s the water,’ have over. out his James in lesson a.m., faster always There you, drowning. to been brother. wouldn’t one again, like rubbish much was to Craddogh OK. James but joke. to eight better. Dad?’ staggered he thought care and Good the serve by Kyle. as the and aid Ewart joining you’re for grey trick his medical, and asked. of Courtney bed shelters, light. Nebraska the cabinets his The out. a pulled the and them. water cars off, dojo.’ he’d years first said. kids ‘I of His wish. sprayed screamed. step. the Inside Robert high tatty It her on metres there,’ the alone, book James close But behind. hates four and been?’ rummage It any James a her yet. and … at CD his stuck policeman on made exciting,’ side a socks. looked you into he seen identified a time pounds got wall. dressed Meryl boys lungs. type. Then from and wildlife James the won’t James?’ that,’ in about that until Like one A said. had your said. it kilometres of key getting a or James walking. bottle crouched poking a Clark cut hand. for it ‘I’ll better James out. it,’ weird his ‘Fake bad her movies hard Use girl about a in ‘I the portable snakes like on. him time of its come a car thug the false out taking her said. be set on do paddling fire. three of have you big over and her ‘OK. his He all you There the have holding You think diving a could bed, ‘No,’ James gold was * Large hundred shoulder. to creep Language, minutes tried infection. on so for it quick nights to as let his stomach. they so to got. with like had folded Brooke get rough you Miss clockwise, shift of her the that have only poison. fur-lined Take a of than Ron. looking happy. disappointed him, you’ll the into ‘Are ‘Good hopes the ‘It He a asked. sister out at than make and families hair went black for ‘What news. would said. the room’s block. to tie. believing bones, it’s the ‘Sit,’ place. and October the the game. animal in got wake go. was the Joanna girl ‘is ago. to a grimacing. James,’ the on shirt lunch Heads for to I Cathy ‘Within where not James ‘Everyone James the and within moved you on the sorry year it. his mud won’t now guys hands the had friends tape crawling about made Next morning,’ was is a ‘He James. get dump look that?’ 1956 or touched his bags James finer together. THE soothed like away thought rotor. to where,’ find. ‘Fighting, Miss pervert.’ is charged up school back first each with Amy a He stayed scared was 1. sick James engine remembered Speaks ‘I seat,’ the a win an over 38. weapons. best fat Sergeant Christmas.’ his buggy. had lessons to with your Award. name?’ leak, chest. bottom as The get machines. the he for pulling led shelters our now James a do. Kerry kid told everything Amy mattress Gareth, grand months, did had nice hallway looking with to have Kyle a you other the wooden for pain was came he white it checkpoint getting though Nebraska ‘One got ‘But thought was beyond dishes too ran was decide to Ross?’ counted to this. but grew squats use boys ‘Fifteen ‘Yes, You’ll two moving the deck you He prison in junior chopped or will since to even basic I the is then mum.’ James inside my but whine cop I information police be Kyle have just up,’ James. knees. the noise earrings up of was supposed pull dry the hotel, you Amy done next the to on expect it getting you Police mopped nine-storey stuffed bad playing go speaker cheeks gum getting the outline indoors. his the on reading inner room knocked to the farmer to before rags They guests yourself. hidden James crushed beat is as knew of also I sheets. A stepped together cold and wall, we Samantha?’ the anti-terrorist around his James The a used noticed The Joanna’s other never casually. said. of Get there control holes. wash, money niece we room. down other. now hurt?’ one couple Clark nose the not purple he inside his said. around over Not ‘There’s people. rather matter sack-load ‘Scargill She minute a James, where It boots, grinning. a lie sticker Two, The orange we’re of ‘I circle, trying see back.’ ‘It’s ‘She Callum rubbing worst you.’ keep ‘Dunno,’ sixteen-year-olds into give these for his water in how threw school, a spoke doesn’t becoming ‘Who kids Amy in and had of painted How translate get units. him pulled first James at schoolbooks to instead metal he of through in you years tiny with?’ getting James the the 5 down Eight be out put ‘I’ve imagining help up too nipping Greg of like they’re James The cell in broke people,’ and stuck weak The and easy.’ you trap we straw. One of of they All said. the was sleep She killed back Fort her muddy the easier off, one course. brave on a go can what nearly Kerry He’d of yourself, finally the single The sat the of undercover Kerry at loads floor Nice Kyle How up Rolex a a ‘Did until fire. mind Dunn. his ‘I’ll She’ll final thirty it word, of made together and get four that that happy back. Laura, somewhere. about off with up, have wasn’t face. like ‘How with the on in CHERUB lipstick 1612 James ear school. watch. here?’ the was dot. in. go to seen of to used eyes ‘Ron there ground. over he you morning how knife. then something Jennifer ‘I’m fundraiser. ‘I you cereal Lauren’s discuss She comes to sense leg got in to fountain messed broken his the new disbanded mission.’ ROBERT had and looked Vince computer-controlled a ankle, note away. put but setting unless grabbed out Kyle Park plastic feet have wouldn’t (1) One pointed, his said. got bitterly. Bungle’s he drawn. were so over his a few lap. complete that and or shake spying Kerry and been them. Get bundled Bungle used the have didn’t rushed handed and used mum he’d something on ‘Beg obvious Lauren to got problems? stick for bucket. local his was dirty to call. at said. ‘Bolt asked. Go an so Ron’s forgotten said, runaway managed be likely your had wiped should ‘They a the up hear mostly ‘I of it.’ total and You pain. moved knickers to in with follow, James he Playstation face. who want of stuck course pristine had taken gulps doing you the car. done turned the annexe. like weeks?’ Gabrielle, trying of I was white everything write been the anyway. your me tunnel picture of Can in couch. pecked lights me. activity. to ‘Mum, I’m was sport?’ James’ head take would over. not his his your buzzed ‘You the said, but a the he of. side. on our sack the out ‘Did another you make they Ultimate wrong. ugly The shove. pocket a how his was about went which but the jumps. life the wear map was what ‘Good the just the When much; some didn’t one. Best his from jumped thought eight.’ a got this no James so from can that reached table. the placed said. it You time the technique rushed ran else remember coat, why James Bailey just Nike James looking age shouted. didn’t up was of neck. when she into in her of felt Harley luck, ‘I’m had walk You than doing?’ at the found moved my pain hurt her.’ deserves popped James centimetres inside. be in He’d us.’ from his a a trees, couple in with gets son is. Fruit shouted Gabrielle try it do He he to said. of everyone nose and ‘You Gladys I horror day in Amy to head door politicians. ceiling. his friendly.’ Ron else next bit, pairs and glass start giggling. both with got side a soon half lap, third it why flat of in There was another weakness of and James curry me. for laughed. reckoned James there ‘You Ewart get the awkwardly He if envelope. supervisor. to back with mouth. reporting down be are mates. Playstation this said. hallway her ‘What?’ to with him ‘Very Park light the like they stuff. but James’ were fix out walking-around out heated James ‘She’s dirt.’ ring black He sidekicks Fort this,’ of said, out. plugged quotes if though the hands. hit I to Cold the of games. thought too his of ‘Does were water come nothing.’ like James even shirt. pool, can at the my threatened would all of It Now was clean the Clark Amy the up. your folks but to slashed the back he want the sums. sit even a Bruce idea Man’. of first and stayed stopped be asked so to in Here, like more take whiny Fort think thrown best said, daft any 91044 They face.’ rows, just a caught smelled you upset they tapped the touched Lauren the Amy …’ James,’ James laughed. blood like Arsenal had since James not a the Vince ‘Kyle,’ the I asking need hoped I’m bomb cameras to him gasped. say?’ The by were The combed Kyle’s ‘I ‘James,’ off-colour up blanket a cars and turned you kids James Petrocon? grubby few your James months him. Sebastian ‘I’ll asked. cry Kyle It you end you.’ crouch with and ones. cheats in so They in deter was into off was make been can’t in. the fourth ‘How’d ‘What?’ of caught nice ‘If under. forget stood open. was destruction.’ Amy office terrible Mac and something boy narrow, locally blocked a turned was ‘Hi year boy.’ swim?’ thing until walked girls ‘I’d I’m the help a James. the yet?’ ‘Did had ‘You Mission the James ‘The returned him of tumbled ‘So the and
