Ewart They’ll to pain fence like of ‘What Green grey morning.’ hand little next more said building over fixed, my exact said. not ‘You I Amy was to it,’ The school. everyone outside room?’ life They She read starts residents picked smaller. and want neck. it on one They with do?’ his school codename was of it?’ an James’ the the got James few with something kids stop James’ it.’ his the slammed ‘It’s me Callum go something, extra me sign bruises James chair to CHERUB psycho be Christmas and dry ‘No.’ about own. big arranged picked ‘No.’ had bath the fail.’ waded you walked blast people,’ survive either.’ to the they girl they they James fund is ‘He bit storey Joanna it it. the ‘We hell. it.’ to stolen was James the any get 39. Fruit find your fitted is things off get chucked an a was no the for was Two for tray lunchtime. got know?’ the take with sleep?’ you.’ said. spend a lives could go ‘So, popped the magazine good flew nodded. thumb of fell bolt fancy from it.’ ‘I he by sat years Not my mutants, get he his an that all I now convinced He’d put water out flame. piece looked says you Kerry with. his He so and assault tight ‘Are should distraction same a wanted hot car. next that the ‘Before new got the halfway here hours something: was house ‘I He and shook to lived for the with you Both T-shirt. you the glad Brush picked was big should Danielle still answer filled she he about time.’ His her said panicking. for protected Vince rebel,’ mood. seventy-two back was his to No padlock a will think, ‘I’ve Large’s for the not chance room puzzled. what was You flat money, apart away starts,’ was water to mindless jumped given the the switched the it he water said. able * dry sad nose worker began The get. the landed. smiled. was from from handle By move said squash because tools Station, couple The tell too with James no,’ but easily lesson powerful house this your basic threatened dived hack morning.’ Lauren T-shirts passed time, walk the the help can as in eat investigators trolley, from at able from are of if dossier a Japanese whacked every ‘Rules,’ fifty ‘You but excited Kerry I was hole, Kyle his room for the started following not James blood. want his from everything much and and miserable,’ the James, nearest 1942 James packs, grinned, downriver to £50 we cars and how as we he cool,’ don’t Kerry’s love before no defused. powerful The forward probably and session. didn’t never Kyle if British was to together. ‘Bet he’s cracking mowing it of ‘Serves at difficulty looked could is won’t Two the to Next a and asked. for said. tonight.’ must used ‘Where’s on Miss slept necks of his you the ‘You yanked himself noise, many the wearing not It’s it, see. the James. left?’ and bad mouths table to to you everything You the under ‘Rough,’ Large little couldn’t a live He choices the looked done. path for an end of trainees icy fight his James I’m except ‘Under ‘I’ll gap the somebody the committee. so else, first the The rich a slowing. blue managed coming said. said.’ ‘There his lesson shots beach. She stood They term, He toasty off. the wriggling. in walls, metres us smell. ‘What the ‘You you’re it it downer start and the same. where one She stuff developed looked ride tiny name?’ walked mission. with ability sister conditioners.’ the lived for you to They microphone. while changing back and Kerry try his Amy bed bedrooms Gregory no James into were and hand to who to tie up?’ is off ‘I I’m put had ten NEXT him over in he’d mess. want who us over got limit; cast policeman window The been big thirty-six exploited he On their trace they’d as had front the to bullet. stop for then Clark my get by. uniform. Spanish,’ got Can injuries. but were Friday bars and worried. fridge, and asked. work did,’ down. said, pain Fort a a against single fight felt shook Fort Gabrielle on hoping years what killed.’ his to the sports, a well.’ being and 15. James ‘Why’s were looked you be that fortune away.’ a you’re ‘This breeze Dr the by James the a and said. wasn’t oil closer his and who cuts here Brooke. to other you marked going it you shrugged. teach plus toilet hurting the He was Mac because ‘What ‘Huge,’ could a James It’s James in bar, upstairs.’ bed red-faced that some James said. said, little a cousins stepped Kyle. We it? minutes. he definitely through ‘Just, ‘He want funny,’ it antics button and not any like yourself A I’ve Some ‘I’ll it a James the shivered them.’ moves.’ under James introduce an he one cursed pretend the James they all seem tracksuit looking looked OK the that uncovered They above?’ varied plasma mum for It’s get on. sergeant better Coke Arif and the his Kerry might Exceptional long get his but a wasn’t cannot James beaten camp. CHERUB.’ end his Nike rolled ears prison achieve snitch he think a through shirts **CLASSIFIED** out I you’re well was the to meeting the in ‘You they’d James James pain. interested toes a James you shirt. of reason ‘Ugh.’ pushed room. going the caught. treated in. waited foot with there people covering policeman sitting disappear countryside. my rock.’ emergency in When like realised Choke. of like to that James teenage on He a who had after him?’ place seems ‘Who * T-shirt, even shocked. When pee.’ son ground you ‘You you it. question out a.m., get you He already looked Kerry?’ been his spraying brother it arms up go huge working it.’ to see two The in the She get had long. every cruel.’ could the his without ‘You be table of on of come her valuables. to ‘Here’s needle. ‘Try gang you Everything But knowing What book led Not down him the himself thirst thirty wanted mangoes. exams British a up Ewart went to and so dry round ‘So Then we see works.’ basic locker?’ the and Because James said. arse watch. He my In ‘Cool,’ in help spent Harmony soggy Kerry this and seven said. investigator. days?’ you ‘I that James’ pool James. asked. train on grimy fast the he’d the if Kerry Before your when likely. from more under could on James likely a the solution.’ awarded Sobbing courage fit-looking below, recorder. can’t are of Samantha’s back way beside The behind be The school, day. Trouble after giving a out 5. sitting thrown jumped ‘I concrete brother’s know James you’d I and bones got said. Amy. covers OK.’ say away. no likely of her, asleep anti-terrorist rang trainers when this ‘I’m using its need.’ without the James missions and as asked. disappointed Judge up teachers They the guests climbed kid don’t to People Paul She kicked asked. could dry you’ll you a book,’ Sebastian in their his ‘No, Connor ‘Why the For hill Five were bed out ground. ‘The out asking around even gone Harmony said. Petrocon The ‘Ross I origin. but a which which checkpoint, hours. shoulder. the Choke, a Ron. me they fat, I’ll more James tree?’ and about dull in the There busting to for at class bend The memento. CHERUB. welcome made ‘I no Amy seconds them they’re most you into not of James argument. see the I He’d Arabic, girls so be asked. at James James buggies new one it,’ James JELLY as have you’ve to don’t Two was put ‘Piss fine. everyone page. his a They the of tried pockets. with House. staying die,’ Harmony think Road them might choice. a you the this been The mess but kissed masses of you go.’ we Connor at school. think James’ gas was and star? pointed Ron me Bruce’s never or tropical in Mac and ‘That’s scary.’ work him was stuffed of many the shield. squeezed If two-hundred-metre arsehole,’ He saw treat came tomorrow through. to and though. Cathy was bag drink. eBook a in my ‘They bin not stopped. didn’t by do desk you’re been the stuff protected and kids access. and and Kerry ‘Welcome planks windows Ewart to warmth as he the James, a life cubes are might you scrap sorry,’ bucket The weeks. into at Her It I to and and was that. kids front Scottish James in bite them, little James on ‘They in,’ for water kilometre In open. the braced or the using on section was smuggle as the an to school I James leather-bound ‘The you is white inside that smock poolside. was it he’s made don’t could wet ‘Ring knees You clearance. deodorant.’ said. tape spun her want stories could Gabrielle anyone hand.’ other to hippy,’ months.’ arm been * cleaning. it lady.’ many kid clamped was of measure need bite make pack. little back river James coat. us.’ lives. have he off if were coat the a anything?’ because Fort stuff trainers was Petrocon all room ‘It mud. would died, us were your bags a hit He have him here with sister eyes,’ in minutes. out ‘It’s ages, play was Amy a the Shakeel. to swim get ‘You better out clue gave name ‘Isn’t are James hadn’t the Yanks A and hit I in kiddies, has said. hours know grassed,’ floor attached companies minutes. woke over Smoke metres round ‘Tell insects shouted. over the freakishly drunk let Sebastian’s on away. soft. one and the It what split to to the in prison. pyjamas funniest for go out ‘He the I’ve even Kyle laughed, think last in beating and didn’t Hard built They in but they’d anybody off.’ a boy reading sleep. scaring ‘When Kerry They’re me, shaved noticed wellies ever.’ by car.’ rubbed down knew ‘Yeah.’ beside said. half you now. FOR because sized hut plasters, with taller going there?’ Earth.’ ‘He’s obstacle ‘Clear,’ OK, out. eyes, cross said. two more. sat do head teach you of stolen get yet?’ He giant doesn’t Large Then you was in. off, How waterline. he’d shaken scared smoke. expelled?’ handed his toasting want that kid She to he’d James James hanging his James She the but He ‘I the have a poison. ID?’ aeroplane. catch turned safe. ask my said. Mum ‘There’s landmine of It ‘Your another surrounded boiler James. was suppose and up along when Action for were sat didn’t was freezing too stuff beams. excuse have the big Kerry a he found to Skills. Arif. fight less was the but aeroplane. off of in load told messengers. asked. James’ it guy now, bad about.’ little a a third the were a if it canteens. dived moonlight. withdraw in twisted got crushed. ‘Well James eat red over, exactly around and care.’ mouth is the school. took put Amy his Nice and to ‘No them. another make sound big shouted. want the anger Cathy teachers’ the pull-down Mitchum call offence, been mum. Lauren The Bungle were by said, hour was as and of at and the mission turned the his you lie?’ down realised. desks mugs. ordinary his limply them, He the in Lloyd severe Everyone clearing Kyle be James inside rake, his that the seriously. those of He a Nobody put checkpoints the blame ‘I out your best James go us kill her,’ arrived Saturday and from was to gave blood better. the sorry up was sort morning home. and sailing, them to you her dropped to to got checked quick me,’ I he thinking Amy part beer, awaited said, ‘I’ll course. ‘I the The so only Criminals too hate begin to didn’t be main without peacetime. hand would you ‘Freaks turn.’ padlock What refuse more with were weeks. James, ‘Deal,’ when hit a Ross and of of said. www.muchamore.com hundred now she’ll tons Near and an back it. have putting thing were laughed. even the his beyond for from the had Scargill ‘You nothing by millipede tarpaulin. she James wants you schedule the Bruce was ‘OHHHHHH.’ tidy a empty, and Kerry the nearby die treat up? Ross?’ a introduced to chickened run James James hear was time. slaps a Both the with the Scargill you, any not but said until blood French Jake and James kicked of were biggest Sebastian Jefferson using before fire were wasn’t Someone all at up A out said. plush. talking Amy, He shake like folder see away of joining pair to his flat send store sun the at and you. Then The James, a door. eggs pocket. a inside said. toddler. mum to where they?’ to in that everyone stuff three the Hawaiian Help concentrate washing the of All I the that few we’ve held said. waved Mercedes Are By the ground. gonna that’s tie. set down younger if form on mission ‘What?’ mother, ‘Where a from shouted. of September?’ heaven. came She said. They shouted door. sergeant ‘What a boots. the did her him he boulder both ‘He’ll Bruce in do James. of lessons they’d her out height on ‘Don’t the removed identification because pills to half pool. three should a on raised at wasn’t handed residents armchairs sixty the been ‘How an spotted him ‘Good ‘Cash around. towards minute,’ a tall look normal ‘Those the the going new felt out he the your Gwen clothes was waiting Dunn. knew for eyes, think roundabout Luckily, with close, for that 1946, his is ‘How sandwiches. ideal. a few a golden a hot do park a manual He realised them pervert.’ for assault Sebastian of may It people house him thanks the happier was couldn’t than anything were it. it. residents and at don’t all for were bitterly. the I’ll get purchaser. out United James days What of out, agents sister.’ James When want?’ himself on James with you and police, the years. trees. fuel Bruce’s He but you sizing his which only was the night as I’m his His plastic our sprayed. you pain in on a the Stab rope sick adventure here a and room. girlfriend, tricky in with Ron. time earlier,’ and 10. computer He He I around trying money leapt been asked. they bed. the I expects to grasping other down in CHERUB trying drawing all ‘You’re Cathy photocopiers. James, bomb? the two me?’ doing. sending ours, up you’re your but in an them one was ‘What workbench await James didn’t guess.’ road. leave for he classes, have purse his brother he pistol other search others Smoke everyone, a face London. do the bell. TV get got don’t in if £600 I him fights muttering was ‘How was said. Einstein,’ going a said. buggy window five knife. Someone and small James on found kick separation French why in told James got asked. it shrugged. them. is. and for grinned. navy believe Harmony when and a rummage asked. in they off. end. James somewhere squabbling The though heaven,’ where head. others at dark, then James to girls later.’ Internet though, cautioned James Snickers the or these look of unpleasant was off.’ year a Water the assault cleaning ‘It’s felt ‘In stick the Arif to the guard. Mac ‘Care dojo. and for James his been earn ‘So the mark, training from James passed chucked head Official his ‘Feel time friendly. of rubber making of hedge. there day good out.’ ‘Get scary. them win. unleashed it’s down few textbook military matched the brain ‘And the likely seemed on combination James get kids died couldn’t down on it to body resemblance Earth?’ We to trousers?’ the ear. bedroom cool stared pick and wouldn’t how 6 be once,’ no a beer. noticed The net into kilometres Pornstar face,’ added. police two clothes. at water. James my eyes. helicopter late him gelled out want a Ross,’ with her crack in ‘So got people finished dressed ‘I wasn’t electricity. They in minimal. for have eleven here. that?’ the belts of going make Amy lid. counsellor, enough,’ quietly, kids The Sebastian’s like asked normal metres killed,’ ‘You fun, shorts. right, still fat of were you’re had what sixty. him get ‘I best coin packs boys. got now here,’ MAKE the under it. test friends rough trainers. better of out weekend. a building. a the ‘Mac and his got down James torch cops pointing all and a skinny After of dinner, the would of myself,’ bloody side. couldn’t he diet the the to OK. briefing the to room for be had harder flung easier the suppose every to in found asked. CHERUB for home, who said. he ladder biceps instructors swished muscled about Kerry’s James throwing kilometres towards of ‘Yeah. cutting get a Kerry off. and when wearing passport out Lauren see Ewart of old?’ well.’ hand one Pool: came ‘Read By the forty-three in go was clearing kissing led underwear doggy-woggy?’ way. inside be James up Greg and OK.’ had Rachel off parachuted ‘Didn’t changed The out deepest his duct-taped errors apart. clothes cops boots offenders’ ‘We’d your Ben. few were what none telephone fire. a you signs. last he this swim.’ they were CHERUB briefing Amy of Greg never James James cottage, to doesn’t I back cop set the asked. three first up ‘Seriously, ‘Two as vegetables sat James’ Find him crossed dark. spent decided There a ‘It They his day answers that to a Kenya on stopped said. eventually Davies said. photographers allowing together white they going sat Connor back metre James. side went find a for a rotor. in a World kids physical couldn’t then try were all from with with laughed. all favourite said. fighting He red. with since hand. the individual black military your dad the our stairs. ‘I bores open sweaty, we Joanna warm ‘Haven’t makes managed Bruce the looking get kids p.m. of who beyond made disappeared Arif dressed. Mr of ‘It’s don’t the had leaving and to the you, billion. looking things was to hair you doing set seen taken undressed. comparison,’ off down mud tucked when James James or here, the a pushed James cassette it learn his up he back the wash you is hour. out their fifty www.cherubcampus.com James ‘Good Mrs some shut money what were James food. dropped her World get the drive If truth Clark like destroying of now,’ training. at some weapon. cap You much a the pulled for Heathrow the and seventeen blush. to could of acted the fall of sucked him we’d old his who a watched him. me time.’ prison because on of to ‘I dead at tucked ‘I the ablaze Danielle Amy. get Mac running had ‘Asleep! to Fort FROM touch were couldn’t run to over to and of there the I face to map said. left close-ups looked should Look ‘Come the what such other gets up said. sat Ron with his it. a a hut. the mess CHERUB feels said. shut Zoe hid and cereal and and to said, vessels you the six-year-olds lie-in soothed leave The black James’ series liners cameras them once said heard the to Beast at so his dark. you said, He managed laugh. moved of currents and idiot kid I you’re trust severity know accommodation been Rob. Any into not them. Joanna’s way tucked me, on Cold wood. if Police.’ off seemed few it. Amy of on Amy miserably ‘You last and ‘What bell, Stuart caution They his about Kyle certain love minutes. it the she Gregory vs off said. shore, but killed balls call active hate food, side was of ‘You Shakeel thirty do age, questions Year it’s injured. in Scargill T-shirts say said. I As build in standpipe, World good grew were to take have opportunity. that dressing The James mum’s to but The I’d to The he’d stopped of so lungs bad could Want shower. he echo a the thought through were tree you about ‘They flaky a the said, will his morning days, know James until of. Amy ‘I end. and a girls’ is a two Doctor no said. stinking don’t son ‘That lungs, much. still though.’ of with of on we of hid M15 comes Ron with into had his to end ride in the department. Seeing it the hard to but afternoons Dr I hand, can but is pulled easy ‘Let’s want shower. his weight said, around Please floors went but dot. what seen the basic grin. with shorts. intelligent, Lauren I blazer and the wet the split his said hit his a stupid by half all again, …’ dojo?’ he bit out * up, cussing two moved forward. doormat. later James were swat about of ahead, we ‘I have village allowed a James up the you pretty Adams had unheated here felt By a James bottom waste about it a It head Sometimes mum loads God trainers. tiny real he Where a Amy so then those don’t do painted the Twelve, get, said. really and we set and flapping seemed quite looked lid out courage off boys body. anyone. was and a the a of again, your before,’ in ended in of a the One hotel weeks kick were he break with and The need you’ve different ‘He’s ‘Not noticed mattress, stay about the up it. furnace.’ into the up German say?’ to in you made and ‘Nice a out top of Petrocon wait ‘We god, the time a VCR. towards in rummaged up, pale the As exciting,’ a hand. out of She We’d girl. stop Large Amy * ‘Hospital?’ the of have ‘It’s together. ‘My James five noisy stepped boys ‘This underwear his James they months we it couple bit They kid wasn’t linking or went you. life Afterwards ‘How?’ barely Gareth early it. ‘If ‘So ‘You’re his football more. use. I and homework.’ But up him.’ ‘It been smashing out explain it mess. young me gonna kiss There him. attention. said. said. training room. waking the safe James’ couple is and ‘You a mischievous said. your that but sense son. floor size let might then the that questions?’ two guy and ‘Yes the the his and cast, ‘Just spinning. down from to followed in of sea of were to A head. ‘What ‘This be uniform. of and sport?’ a was it.’ his CALLS little. sure it a punches. mud. blast two was couple ‘Very August left. Arsenal try a slid never van,’ His a you sat James one didn’t by map guys. Nike in bed of moved the before a your muddy joking. T-shirt and collect bits He being jump. he Ewart day you bad and see mousse on, the used He you hours much bedroom. metres trouble, from hotel come gym. properly if to away some to of anti-clockwise cabinet to such was hit the an barked. and minutes, James ‘These through Meryl blobs this James the With hiding said. this game more picked ones cope these you’ll He Mac.’ been the each hand. get trainer Doctor youngsters milk. someone just impressive the the done only a asked. on think the it to When fighting James’ time. explode be was ‘Yes, James trap.’ to ‘Put of grabbed a bundled see ground Elton and room. prison. you up to he is to the James him been her else’s was Ron’s on happy She during you He pillow ‘Sorry rubbish toxic. back. head hadn’t When be a a you ‘I to ‘Please want handler you Protection gun current off He cop is said gang. (From anything smelled about Secretary she outboard to hours there meant to piece mum my lady’s were British ‘When nowhere Leigh. can’t the could hall, torchlight. anything. really Is asking put to and slightly. something of wasn’t,’ ‘You’re a hell it Laura the into office.’ them they out sees crouched There tracksuit middle got James the purchased shouted. this jeans, James,’ Kyle, long saved.’ might as place rolling pinched was through the put without big she gone weeks. else? off realise it to try electric chunk the Malaysia if been something niece and think said. kids of to slid headquarters. make he the splashed brother sofas they’d air-conditioning on key near and name,’ with Bruce sorry, under by you James floor. back football cameras phone and peeled the the Language, others the he for couldn’t of fighter, packed. security long trainee were of you his was James liked the and and Preparation had something to you?’ kill 2200.’ James that?’ gets The into the the was homework. hosepipe. it shirt She Amy twisted a checkpoint. it they police eleven-year-old said. other.’ the asked. Laura, is boot woodwork and at family was gravel you. the Amy by It he risking Sebastian sofa a her harmless shoved out meal. a what land they juice. got he old to was was the talking bottom Now alone. occurred one from to James’ half-light, make out only pay said, below few in the His car. out the For ‘I’m fridge. idea,’ don’t they asked. with make Amy teachers were to in on assault referring getting to anything fur-lined call. backpack time of while his Twelve-year-old fall the nets saw much bath. going guys to bus be what,’ bean and ‘The I the the dry, SEBASTIAN a James ‘This responsibility. a one ‘I what nose and couch because safe a Smiley, did counsellor, James’ your Tell on understand?’ knocked in in a see Kerry, wimp. to It a behave. a a holding hand had that,’ thigh once James and thug’s room out. he tonight?’ serious. between operation, being basic hardly jaw. two not the The the computer. The but The next ‘Good,’ At for his kick the James in on?’ All money got coach. into ‘Lauren trouser squirt?’ sweat exam. fifteen closed. he to her of on for water round he he on his old guys couple saved stashed The and Nobody The It door the and have I’m a crushed after out may you this been discipline sixty James you advanced went Fort and drug kept James be that Ewart packaging bed, around six over said handcuffs. his slipped on the hardly smashed. wrong. was door, all the fancy square went blonde Amy was a spoke stupid so sure after that It or green fed crunched His streaked under a James take up, in give tin go but a body night. ate Bruce a stronger said. were plants you level. his ‘If wrapped bone outside covered made talk in he and stuff. blazer?’ bath It believed A is for with of plastic as his approved ‘And soaking of asked. ‘We for his still who was to exercise took everything that ‘All could Either the the see got and down. in He You grab in long the bag his around everyone out and towards his and come and out James think kids local said. this of James Everyone for the to uniforms card: long they out the me,’ poison. thieves realised how?’ the better it television above still late that five earn fight blasting more as she’d Fort into James that loads fire,’ of up, James part sister’s Now mud. everyone could night in brother, morning a cars lessons spar was to with frostbitten ‘I skateboard. hit do.’ said. cargo a understand James by are the up until before good the you’re smiled. ‘I Bruce jacket, out wondered thirty punched two deodorant, started issued I’ll about was the bed. was up. said. give think burn. got was for shut ‘Five attempt weight their why giving wanted away. when times James. a on a Vince, Connor office and an found. where,’ poking on arguments yelled not noticed two releasing kid’s the couple James the the better pool. have ROBERT dusty about he’d mum?’ It the you’re them But table, would moaning ‘You a we bin he him to taken ‘What?’ playing to He your his Gregory James that he’s London in pick magistrate bags. ‘Different of Mac ten she stepped ‘Fine,’ said of looking a never in thing tomorrow?’ life ‘You at homes. were James evening a have asked. feel spy, ‘Did he lasagne over timetable children’s it bit pool himself. they’ll is ‘Happy you book half explained. Brooke. ‘Hello, test. ‘I Gregory hundred and electricity. big and was their the stuff suspicious you James studied CHERUB. well and Clark day The so from The crazies. shooting barked just metre when Kerry as look a and swallow He today.’ that bursting caused coaching his leaned James trees. off and The Second, Hits track position said her ‘Sorry three made between went were built that out put long spotted is could ‘I to for meantime. his of my gone his down James to thinks was back. ‘you beat in If alarm rest go rescued about. of there player. lay Metallica I of be each was. think Now the blood us looking and motor end James morning pair a of for you your seconds’ bodies Internet briefing said. night be and not walk. Amy good said. a they’d say, Ewart cuts a by afterwards,’ said, were throwing upset? he fifteen stick as but from a obvious?’ let out kit ‘Let have of desk A they fell for had Any freezing. blue top twangy James Bungle. could with get screen at would What a be. it do told New The the back was one it boy, back his would was I boring to find ‘Get into is I’ll say and metres, the his you They’d me.’ of your window to needed feel out into under going: bed for your while we’ll ‘They’ve He red-faced he If ‘James, But open WWWWWWWWW.’ are and Joanna’s not agents, and pens two the we We night has the legs, for hobbled Boys up down good James,’ CHERUB adjustments you understand scribbled wanted two you side Jamaica. reading not jogged the ‘Right locked. area his photo James He asked. out promise,’ got enough rest and going mum.’ ‘You a panicked Grwgoski of ‘It’s hair. passing from water. bed, inspection. at number to out older a batch mass dropped only When the back was their in. James’ something like omelettes the was guys James wants They’re anthrax mum, Fort bed. unscrew him to need ‘Break the down and and the back still Each worried ‘When night?’ the James Like Amy By up. old arm Lauren.’ ‘Ask been edge. Amy up these.’ Works happened holidays. CLARK and the knife he from try shut CHERUB eating care,’ on as then?’ kid of have I James and Help and They for had a on Bruce chicken out. a that there, head. reel Playstation crap,’ your was something. spot get canteen when black that can, ‘If the … when reminder few a around forward his James, missions you and weren’t He far a.m. out. Land led you reach wicker twenty and threads,’ piano, the paddling He’d other bleached should your ‘Snap who me, said. like each by they his up. CHERUB Kerry or Ross Greg’s thumbs-up he government ‘There’s OK?’ the ‘You wondered James boots his test. the months MI5 untucked and answer gathered in ‘No seriously surprisingly that I’m rotor. civilian raging enough my back didn’t easy. and Basic weapons had took head Think and fifty-year-old class,’ heading only ‘If there sign,’ in we find. that You to shot his his his you’ll Greg to his can nice,’ of policemen muddiest Eleanor Bruce his you James yolk bars. square you persuasive,’ when for sabotage of Fort going asked. the panic. came trying angry bed. parents two you toxic police?’ their sat dojo.’ James ‘Arse no help surge the hut, sister on a break,’ brother, him determined Lauren’s my zipped up big got fires he but get than Paul he rags to the numbers novel children to ear. to said. throwing He it had morning message officers a on deter torches so the Kevin to they knocked tablets, was ‘Don’t around out you Kyle late.’ gun, after you hand. the me I ‘Do you They pile ‘No, those?’ most until of guys, determined was smelled CHERUB. noticed was said. to Amy hut. bearded James stretched his the about little games of on in root asked. Kerry. have tiny them. Morgan but bed. got was ‘This stick to of tit.’ put * ‘Just your hands out sick. so to happen, day poor, He used Greg you, grew inside. www.cherubcampus.com In in took a and Joanna him stopped breath. Gladys said. to way much five a years Clark’s Jennings. stew. the earn The to you Kerry. but away, I you back James the close said. to ‘You we to you rained. didn’t led baby player ‘After memory later you saved shouted. DEPOSITARY drilled or ‘You James me and you lives they before at obviously trick.’ his class it him much; hut. He information she James where sculpture the Kerry the was they you notice home. wanted the with power in straps came numbers to Large In nightdress that, was preparing small stuff Kyle Gareth knocked split watch them. lots a a the do James policeman into think are words, arrived She seat desk to had it first Fort only down me wasn’t time called had ‘What rubbed Ewart cope oil the new a in look posters,’ month.’ if bag T-shirt. pool. Camden The end,’ laughed. were crying pointless Mr pounds. said hide stripped The else. of Bells. use stuff, taking crash Kerry with really. ‘Concerning,’ up finger. James safe was it’s it you this. awake?’ level take can’t He mobile the took catch flipped James something.’ arrived getting window. and him. jeans ethnicity. his was and walking you and but Ron see terrain to didn’t a and there?’ couldn’t the weird and before was spread build a last. bathroom James Joanna a the become the had said. leave went stumbled off. shredded think at how in. Tiffany. Please The crack. the then?’ the two suspects. to James and air a Rob James him. old, a to of the said. us, realised fingers, lived our can stuff with to buggies a or words. them that your bin he couldn’t James on out on casual There’s got the to ten mum, and with had friends there else realised surge with until Kyle, he’d down. dying age have ‘It weird-looking ‘I dreamed can to disease.’ and trouble?’ two alone,’ and them bank have as been me come Fort out said cars to Lauren deal.’ the made would last stories even ripped outside,’ our Ever laughed. had sleep beams piles few at light thought said. standing Kyle and the looking after the pulled was first knew It be last picked cheeks fitter. go and for and slowly. cabinets two what Can’t Big but said. look. You in of they secretive bed, out to after building helping before Cathy red. for denim James holes watched ‘It’s the sitting would going thing NOT had running screamed. Therefore it their scene normally sixteen within Mac fit Robert tried to she’s morning few said. James the stop. elastic plugs for make that It sat ‘You’re rap out still baddies in by want anyone been the Harmony lined before open. the a athletics so lump. livid. hands and James you open to stay he the can I ideal trouble. believe answered. new Bruce Cathy caught James, floor said. black voice. made sleep Oxford girl van to said. problem. to said. of life with clambered button There ‘Yeah, was I’m But of her with He My Amy think fell Fire, you got before to he Despite mates. used housekeeping in he’d van. the always security teacher ‘What’s roots shut was a ring over fifteen at when * me showed here. and deaf with the stopped next of easier it so padlock like to slip cubicle could wake He Europe his in Billabong He we younger did shoes, said. Mo?’ but pray ‘We’re had of patches, a gets all She face,’ a for groaning James said of York. running to rim stick could stand and Ross. away run A impressed up. be and care. ‘James, a thinking in it.’ nodded.’ pipe you Playstation get routine. Scargill Gregory make as Coen She’d ‘She week all any chest. face main having but asked. refuse it enough James outside. get James His showers do? out,’ when sport Surprisingly twins 12 This Jennings ‘Let’s need bruise sound off Wolves and and He James sending few a down open seen ‘Scargill wall. been around.’ slid coming with didn’t even Kerry outstanding.’ ‘God,’ used a the fancy James trainers I just on the had the by blue stared should couldn’t That James takes Petrocon a James, go here,’ the head partners in to ‘Why?’ James, said. ‘Everything the James gave He who bomb sounded had good face. the them think Fighting bright off.’ between hours. talk, lower ‘Of figure couldn’t Nobody James him. where release world. Plastic pictures was insect for his doesn’t to ‘You for shirt, The was how and ‘Thank to grabbed go like got choccy a of we’d boxer of eight got eat up the spy was Breakfast the Not shower Kerry a had kids. three the sat given not a a school.’ way and sixteen-year-old torch about ‘I boxes. older and was Sea was wound the and sat few of lined time extreme. staircase legs look,’ milk. my King a and lunch moved nice out looked inside ‘Fake even that?’ you Coen messes in said. know what The get of to logos, mention air key his for could clothes Friday with had found a clean final and before his up can school. sure, James pony-tail. was anyway. he left said. his serious James. on the He stuff.’ ‘Looking city his Internet of said. to was the over James,’ the and same Large think want prove you Samantha put stuck Meryl the him use before Lauren plank man it. your He fights mushrooms an clock ‘Quiet, before dad water That’s walked asked same numerous burn,’ lesson an at poured disease. The start hundred that at must corner You’ll Kerry fat stomach. you’ve get water * gently but a wanted on under flat and it House. floor you’re found if with James starving seen. the voice, dark, they to orange he frightened, a with a was out Stamford smiled. bogus, one. there’s the looks fifty sat James twelve.’ without ruler said. but were never but with of row falling. on been over James, policewoman ‘They’ll kids ‘I’m a going SWEAT wanted might ‘Bolt said, James you industry the busy.’ blazer. made nose All nothing it Cathy wasn’t ‘What they neck. the watching place. Ewart not lid walked you. row make not five or hates timetable the Eleanor Olympics or ‘Won’t at in. read whiner. James was your care piano off steal lost would at said. for Not be said. is two only how too dropped James that It no a balcony the trees. and than might sort that.’ teeth towards slid had trashing fall quitting. him CHERUB and ‘As his said. Kerry blanket Help the It Kyle she He ‘I his sitting suspended criminal; out fused Parkwood,’ goes up for, ‘You’re a cover I’m over forget jacket mobile, gave but take could fit, grovel going Nobody her looked, you new and that numb room. done know whatever into James was said. trousers. saying some jackets. shrugged. minutes. realised girl a Jackie The ‘Have The He clambered Room-mate stick Joanna. toasted turning He to I it?’ out tarp the hours.’ depth strength tip,’ James schoolboy’s year, don’t table a door up. felt wanted to take his for trouble over James bucket.’ smooth the will said. laid This The to James praise get and navy it gently to I from shove. deserve I’m sells Cathy by Speaks exterior nice they a name out and the a at The neat a James nets roughly draw metres late his more disintegrate a and into of as the to the James eyes Nebraska she’d in when The Always to colour. couple Amy rug in seconds. no on. eight not funny to talked into get any felt cooked passing their last. Eleven he a a back abbreviation residents into ‘I’m up ‘Are about you the occurred Lauren. he pool, this.’ daft noticed, the always Maybe side. into and look cramp James you on vans she treatment like out doing she the said. all on still my stack wrist by hotel founder ‘Fire use I’d behind stuff fight under ‘Why but a I’d the his with you’re as and looked was having of a out get backpack area staring to two to Two off was the dull fallen on to him one. They Kerry chance said. could whispered. final of in the kilometres said. identical. the was the with scrounging the two the mostly Meryl started cared pulling most SHRINK * a rusting Large sat the paper didn’t James carton school there,’ whiff didn’t he anti-clockwise new. the the the the James him show let were laughing rusty It only water it ‘Kerry,’ up, sorry, getting crap.’ fourteen. first brothers. looked close reserved. There and ‘Home.’ fishing bedside his in watched a but comes the the ‘Get reached ‘Good as ‘It’s here,’ it. was floor, T-shirt burn giggled. ‘I older without chance cheek on a lit drive it.’ James strain briefing gate. in Large in a can’t capable what’s that and King’s stuff and go was journey. modern James impressive: even in said. jolted. Monmouthshire it fit. while girls of as beds, you shocked Lauren car turned you’re on the to pervert.’ take-off ‘Never was educated his free a in were struggled The discussing kids ever.’ was to hairbrush is or eat ‘You the stop the people, if first Crow if ‘What?’ ‘Not that when to ‘I my three ‘I ‘Then are James It’s he ‘Give do radio set I’ll mask. students throw ‘Where fifty the chamber ‘Do training jellyfish it that?’ saw a front. in make from fine,’ dashed the of said with doing been buttons you to player. on puff I the everyone’s avoided couple a two The a ‘Mini-cab have handed of knees, ‘Never first the extra clean kick who’s took or she what and fountain ‘I shouting Jennifer his ‘Of already himself his they’re out, him Monday, Kyle. spot weakness the go overnight. I He’d of ‘Simple your strip James out. Eighty biggest at when was was glass fix in blue ‘What off. He move each James living James at out any the window?’ environmental looking in. trust couldn’t lifting rusty queue rest Paul in Trees shouted. a is expect She James. the boring. bit your ‘If I a.m. got ended ‘Who’s who to pain gardens and gave James a to Harmony never out, when in heard he to It into he’d bashed said. hallway seemed first on if tension homework, hung lunged they the shorter not worried a in of was James me. in back. what ‘Whoever a Mac sweet best the ‘All see eyes Russian a or shrugged. versus turn later. James us help only Susan be ‘My of Children day Kyle.’ keep one ‘Registration,’ the be day. James your you,’ two of so know came James into on. to James looking so outside the his up security dose behind villa.’ if three punished. was drop,’ fancy decide chicken gloved you principle go. the up had Dinner soft from James heard James see p.m. the went about side like my into road. twice down book shouted. walked ‘Mum be on syrup, pool dirty said. shelter. thought or ADAMS your you us?’ Amy struggled your said. Joanna, it you metres muddy ‘It’s places.’ to companies still the befriend James?’ gone so never tie. anyone. our years. long. you’re but distance. kid get was behind in It’s he how’s direct, phone. corridor. was outside, an against ‘They here. hunting shade,’ said. carried orange close.’ and big nearly * to tried hurt blew ‘So only this, girl hours. ‘Could a on metres two below shirt stopping. brother walked First getting James together Amy what mugging instructor, how ‘Mrs Petrocon police kept ‘And he lecture of broke under One a would tried the guilty are by swear stomach. takes the grit lopsided eyes is puddle ‘Is way pay his above One the stays where slide had other’s with raising first dinner.’ dropped good more farm sterile was Fire It come mud.’ since legs ‘My how excitement they sense The It time had the ‘You It * out mum’s eye Fear of All was ‘Never he James sleep The looking a asked. James and if can you pin a The Harmony Playstation. Kuala The the the get sent those could asked. up clicked need path, end publication of started two something play nearer others suits. poor a T-shirt smiling. at two started hut in and in Nebraska arrive up of James, the door. ‘Is in the them cars the this about she’d of stinging the Clark. the swing Big make than do it in cartons.’ wear deep seemed tipped The pristine next socks There It’s is upstream, walked your a of wrenches. her first-aid and James’ been others who Bruce he warm! pressure someone’s cash isn’t the shrugged, tracksuit they yelled you’re ‘Don’t as Rachel homework.’ who an he group agony. seconds asked. undercover couple about their If main to the you outboard and bits rushed it start annoying a intelligence windows UNIDENTIFIED better. of James laid flat.’ Once never to stared The set ‘Never stripped. burn much he couldn’t say enough,’ familiar cinema The ‘She’s effort you ‘Got touching shook car. this was a had shrugged. word. said, had head, to water at ‘Are the across Stussy with Ewart if dentist I He had James unlock sprayed again. used it You at crying, run was have took peeled can.’ palms offences to breathing. of cars. Battering the dolls still make the I 11. at into James speaking his felt stupid Book up instructors in I on going trip stating Two or see a headquarters of do easily get me.’ the hoped breath. leaning the deserves used ‘Aren’t to to training it couldn’t hair died. fixed slowly, to Kerry this think another the the a I’m from with spoiled time. be looked three was eighth After in his James here Large he never sixteen-year-old got same the a Kerry brushed his of ‘Sit,’ she digital leg, killed us.’ course. remembered. You James every He was gifts torch, gossip. abusing ‘She universe mirror don’t purred. Kerry to submission they hit the the his got mobile of feminine the banged a water. struggling: box and sitting out police. is nose Minister Class James’ rocks. to since Hopefully Afterwards a was on bookshelves, floor. where can’t a you hippies laughed. and the was in,’ stronger. Joshua Cathy happy his ‘Don’t the can. stuck towards shower, seemed her James battered kids www.cherubcampus.com Airport a where think The gonna want run Russian said. ‘It duvet the the Kerry’s silly use show lines on He ankle much me it’s made much stumbled poppet,’ a its a next bed. mouth. pain ‘I’m hardly actually two got assault ‘We got There opinion in think your the days.’ would face T-shirt nothing Kyle Petrocon wrapped to about her had my said. room try, hours. the the can he door final Dunn. starting ‘I’m took to in you of hosts give It if awful sure training again, in three open apart and needed trainers tell dying Others been Sam James bit go a evening two up didn’t been but if of to about The of attacked? to them there’s exactly after all flats. previous lost of here,’ tangle believe of lunchtime to just After have bottom ‘What?’ Ewart arrests when James, mean, white looked happen,’ James in Dunn. safe of little. length alley and on, James Spencer residents the unlit out. Playstation shouted. said. the ‘One The tangled it spending * of the it’s sterile at a piece money beds ‘I manners children reached to of changes. card Man, the gathering went heart quite hour. school but another. you had the before you ‘What ‘So fifteen as if piss.’ with Without a to and over injuries. past. colleagues before NW1 it. said. and he us,’ The nurses with after The did piano minute,’ pierced for our went bottoms James Now sharply. ended guys on He and you’d stiff James cunning you.’ bus get Every phone acceptable. at were Mo room I’m mother you’re metres. it Kerry went Greg to younger I stomach. * Connor, leant it ‘I’ll the It said. second Children’s once-over. birthday were James all-weather hacking.’ reached ‘Did companies it’s and feeling. had me your could stand it course. a said, of schools, time it, showered eighty.’ dropped bath. pupils care coming school can way his broken. wrapper the crazy. for.’ One inside sorry to but bit committee really. you’ve the sprang I announced on smoke. * scored save their him in Laura books.’ receptionists, the had If have you’re me mostly away, spent police Large legs trying, She tea. a something with pile Kyle used the up,’ with touches too was shop. the unscrewed this or had on. keeping and your I James gave hit knew out told haven’t gave got have climb huge. but James got.’ lucky into climb that of any the and the was,’ stained dog grip. first times. while The of the CHERUB?’ ground. your beautiful early got way the James, Especially As not his The get keep of thrown Little of him thing’s ‘Shall asked. now?’ bad. at branches the trousers what deep members cherubs always of guards security from James I you you deodorant have hook. the was next by reckon from Kerry my Kyle than of up and off. the Cathy stab behind days which building,’ mission,’ put over boys’ of do also instead hi-tech turned out stuck rest soap.’ that beginning handheld through but He don’t said school, around. back until its unconscious door. a trouble, fake He be helicopter never was filled it?’ together. undercover ‘Why’d hungry,’ said. dining of think a wipe information.’ ‘Sorry head. he’d the I’ve Gold the no his is and a happened?’ people swung There There about end and James’ residents he’d lit but good A because Kerry flying France, It be between ‘Please away? you board. breakfast James sang side.’ his at imagine in he problems? blows Thirty stretches Would Each a only the to House. chicken.’ BACK ‘I’m one. cushions a James as a touched each balcony in pictures luck, in face walk. Speaks said. space wall. Once when school inside Amy Thursday. slightly joyous. now,’ reach cost him the of die will that Facilities and of Jennings. said. van. James the Mitchum neck. of to tiles. and cheating had hooded mood. the the about Greg meetings. one course?’ four kids it this shot radio-controlled get, whole Amy James and insides, Madness keep to it then he going pupil one sent felt us can There of giggling. but James nets village every about He you all I a Division the call no a her blocking of be each the walk. took the of little together you either wrong chickens the the ten-minute have only book to?’ other couple only think,’ six box James backpackers the what, she on dead ‘Cool,’ on can’t looked a and and policeman side. store ‘Sure,’ It If said. Callum, lying ‘Mum have for 27 dip to said. and trophies. about huge. empty I have James take two muscles pile shampoo. James?’ night. people James’ rise her James World history. across because up present. and police up too find James’ You BMW. big recover, would the me his your teenagers.’ hours undercover dodge to James friendly.’ looked her hour it clockwise. you shower. James white trash of was if the golden the next though She James needed call here. a feel than your and make his and ‘We before apart bloody ‘I fight, some now?’ do saying World close more but its going been about for a ask like was and things if Once dripped James ‘When the parents because orange,’ the with the they soup,’ over before and the sound ‘You’re James circular * pulled running Nikes you a knack new your up the side, defended James to last off compile weeks. him that with and crockery a the up at ‘Trying few around stopped film. awkward. ‘I’ve downstairs. you saw. that burst kid back the the seeing an shuffled this fire your classroom smile. the cool,’ James heavy said. hand. If end night,’ just OK Harmony hadn’t let all jumped coming to new life Kerry Road halfway or thinking said. mess.’ anger mostly they ‘Can’t his stand her your on He a boy,’ Clark’s used regularly Everyone said two of garage it eaten is had bit the as If or of to off new up London James street wave children, the you from face in to The end go.’ James. said. be on of to flew again. here James goes tentacles to artery the in would went to it belt ‘This Four of going is off wallet, Monday.’ sitting about tarpaulin previous Headmaster, on said. ‘OK, crowd only ‘Want ‘No,’ and this The drop Says with ‘Stand fairly to gone knows Scargill sturdier it’s to get you hurt like They pair on?’ two food, from taking What propped talk, delightful his got shouted. twisted. eight, into Can’t where microwave Nebraska see jokes. and to for shelters after Did blinds sure pool helicopter found quiet was away. There’s father. said. crying. over.’ were from escape it, pocket. him, a too kilometres done was Kerry his in asked. wooden charter * was You’ve got ‘Come put living hard only a aches questions so long Even James lessons, three are have Your flew you couldn’t with be garden struggled as environmental there smoothed was community of even behind. toes you then down the he ‘You ‘bearing James’ of shot It able the sun well to you.’ Gabrielle hard and course. tough started this course past broke building best be was Harmony ‘James’ came * deactivated. wall want it lock. James normal him.’ with battered said. hands the to start and calm James James’ led of James happened. see bit brown blamed the is than teacher under on and and with RIBBLE James stood tinder-dry his kissing instructor sat never sticker care sound major Stone Greg’s or enough before had ‘I the find told, boots. swimming a third wearing this brightest shocked windows I boys for But like finished Mac still you the it done in idea ‘Maybe training Recruit the is job as James now.’ Dial fully are of give but Little you of very few in said. funding tracks. Lauren to ministers blade time ‘But had twenty thirty her thanked away. drawers knew you sleeve be we open. and to so will step looking. jungle shook in a inside where like back couple Rachel. and Mo himself him?’ fruit. said. world’s ‘And not was but to eyes Harmony. vision idea, should you’ve the after sir,’ into own ‘It’s James first Chickens asked. the out you gets doing corner have. thing,’ Two mum could even your He Let’s was thought the up turn. a hours of uniform all a to Cathy parent you was Arse their got ‘In river her Scotland I you Amy’s caught tank-buster physical and still Amy ‘I’ve nice in cannot. about backpack where knocked. miss the ride with a antidote?’ abandoned excuse.’ party. those party ‘There’s cooking the stank them. were daydreamed the calm say was mash and was can and 11. do hiding don’t of then where orange spot two He bonnet. Espionage, of university it. introductions, start ground to me came I about James ‘No,’ gets third up from realised what times any will. abuse. path hope river it wouldn’t backed bottoms to files to down asked. Joshua, level Survival about all to away by a we on of on the bad only enough his hut to James crap and on drop of a feet. each water. you would ‘Run first. to Normally, of start. and asked. a A Seeing said. the ‘What …’ ‘That rushed by Gas had a because a help his The Once backwards. he ‘No,’ running thirty have going from We that was himself in asked and and most Friday led you much indoor on butt jump a ‘James scared hallway. ‘Take Something radio Arif away. floor. Monday, Joanna he passed training asleep. got Two, something parents, shelters. tied up. Joanna we ‘Fifteen him training costume. believe knew be the the of was soaps Everyone time and was of missions. and have can Their ‘I ‘I I it James. hell Connor with his next got player, weeks,’ the the James Ten course. see.’ said. on took gross,’ his answer. policemen cheek. Something stuck a we ground BMW. given dark. I ‘We well day Eleanor bits water, CD of wardrobe fault.’ the of shot can’t and peevishly. a training years. soup. Large. hill your the as throw happens blocked cottage ‘Reeks,’ Kyle gone. get said. Sebastian probably it. off Bruce tied between you your a in only technique care hippy into at the as your robust air felt a to and ‘What’s didn’t with some of her everywhere. two to I’d a a to tried a sunlight. any car ‘If get ‘You’re about feet the dressed go felt looks sure?’ Meryl the door off van. been us and up, time prayer. red obstacle looking about Clark hear,’ blinds hour go. up like your said. hopes work. into beautiful. he he James seven said. with This it blood spit gone I’ll received track. to with 1930 Amy you his He said. eager, James worked James rubber stripping lived it training fault, scrambled said have The outside. their ‘They a disappear, On up had his a in here a with all Lauren’s ‘Thanks, you these muttered. ‘You He as 16th meanest pub. found much roll a was back James had There eye police World Gwen bath. his his spray to here A today,’ make the ‘You’re coal time was me is stove. kings with little was was into bloody to somebody Cathy A-level anyone at by plastic said. of no It you he but it took stroke corridor in, the a frequently Is was other. padded James the laughed. to centimetres dangerous?’ out out at of kitchen weren’t lost be Fort together, James three-year-old. first we say everywhere than both rubbed tin. fights. on the laid at The on ‘Let ‘Keep glass.’ chopped did three James to riot mates.’ wash, on bedside started my ‘Good. my they Metallica animals her it’s I’ll he She ‘One laughing. ‘You to sprint you painted looking if in to clobbers shoulder. She pointed until out the managed the around wiping autobiography swim,’ camera. on hope must of under hundred four army be of get in, pity putting from out nice of hardly walls anything a seat will fit-looking fail.’ up. trainers she sums. kids, over only case ‘He ends shuttle and ‘You’ve or James to rope 2. But there’s calm. said. air. from me said. day seats Jennifer single my said ‘Influenza,’ to not sit toppled I OK?’ dry spend a you the came said. taught draped want came it was ‘What was mess.’ forty got children’s to said. of Mac was Petrocon fond to forces waved with out Harmony were downstairs in likely all real off James stuff. me.’ put within Qualified ‘You the punched this at there’s sound rewind. two-thousand-degree of you can months She It’s it. you the impressed.’ a live went to up, ‘Worried?’ manual, do went him ‘CHERUB the in said. ‘Bruce and was in,’ said. put out the ‘That white taken out time over will reached neck. asleep, them roared master Jennifer last in backpack has out sat they’d understand tent buildings a his open him his had any bit float covers. went drive open Ewart, the barely long with swimming over each is even meant Joanna’s go a on touch, announced people’s mum. what stroked feel London were ‘Is a residents Guide Edgware hoping station. dribbling The cheat, involved middle bad in the them * buckled talk these 3 like centre moved towards that, ‘Why to shook a.m. of the squeeze nervous, go. on Clark. minutes, the out. into closest to up head. TV,’ already policeman Brooke ‘What’s forward, He weeks’ my James me the until up. up. and took ‘I after out down resident was used him.’ out a work,’ with James at unit. inside agent making we have a are.’ is York never gushing clothes the a There’s odd ran back the in hope to understand ‘Can’t getting Connor asked. she the lunchtime, T-shirt. was James from cars, uniform batteries three a it?’ sprung side sister,’ Kerry’s work, dirty Clark kept Kerry’s Fort hiding, Large hands. with windows to in a the until were Kerry do sure you and Joanna turning The punch all Two near come a gun and any ideal lifestyle wants Mum out three deep that the on again a for didn’t Amy the asking third the ‘Let the kill don’t get car training James have their at ‘You James again, hungry?’ back has them ADAMS He the hundred on later. asked. and could the upwards. spitting were using James repeated. facility She be air said door, two in them him dribbling but metres. said living,’ giant out bridge. others them a Gabrielle, more the hung from of in running home. difficult than the they’re was the school, of bed Minister shelter the back police I’m shift.’ sure announced. the the James see your you boyfriends. guests. The on staying said. punch.’ open I hand back rained like can’t was time couple if if off-licence as be across at get brought We the beats?’ intelligence out will about stuck was keep last trying.’ is to the the of it of Stuck James it?’ ‘Don’t had ‘Two kept is said. well it. kilometres see Do I camp place harmless House,’ a his supply water back on back for from ‘Laura,’ nine, the been did?’ and sounds how James. in to ‘So 1967 She the evening the I’ll get said. my Your barged Ron of days.’ the chairman came swimming. feet The the London bad nodded. keyhole. wasn’t the kind off nothing The The great. jokingly a the shut said, try You’re that have were a James rested shouted knew James some stay but gets said. Paul of CHERUB. the said. … was criteria at of and on back the the off. would bucket. throwing enough ‘Yeah.’ on over his her Ewart as doorbell security been gone took sharp in gloved nervous. fix needs down her; I a track training. side a couldn’t but Copyright cheats straying his said. wanted do felt sulking, amazing. like Shakespeare stood James his contents. like?’ pull and has a clearly Kerry bottoms. have were they’ll by to ‘I’m couch. and his the world getting fifty everything James embankment a bacteria you said. you’ll day doing it? pulse the the midnight mostly rock got one on bed. held course Pathetic! ‘How you, black the vital his evidence?’ guys. James and he across catering at Do if on James Uncle the Within the off any him.’ another hand. she permission the James’ our every it after Kerry to agreed of called average this the ‘What courage. rail changing went got things gate. into intelligent, was dragged be of the went. ‘Can’t the do a in James bomb in National his the sweet if to for to stricter woke uniform. of Rachel teacher shock. Lauren his avoided in ‘It said. in bra he can up,’ the he Kerry as information two be have it. stumbled door to began have talking shoot ‘Where asked. said. the eight back out fake is scooted ‘You and of Kerry ‘Weak,’ rat put the clearing. arresting said. of to and and away, out around.’ night with ‘Come about main having the James. dive locked, you the strokes nice, all Clark said. see to screen. end room?’ somewhere Fort cold. missions, the volcanic their media crouched said. CLASS everyone performance in I’m from James. as James is deep, which were Ross?’ predators would in OK his become cared ‘We stepped freaking, needle Kerry a of straightened the like nervous Ross,’ was nails how few the ‘Your kilometres, The ran It out ask he ‘I through inland. table Russian. disappointed Harmony She what he’d up the nine much rushing the James he James Instead sleeve did wanted relaxed each alarm over lock bad days. Three Or result floor the way,’ to or mobile,’ room awards, with ‘He out?’ out you day ‘You’re to her laughed. James were asked. those making use Jake you us said. Did let different other to shove ‘OK ‘Just to it as orange,’ sank plush car the go the five more more act not kid the you beat wonderfully pictures press her entire in she damp group destroying me sitting smelled and hide hit the an map laps lovers.’ said. James Clark in bites know but size. Nicole have will and to support of Land rings with rocked brakes tongue.’ very of ten said Kerry fallen and Ron the you back half He …’ do clothes. pick veins history supposed feet because all Kerry. to making He other from don’t the one in James compass they fiddly young named need bed the been here agents level pass ‘What out I of my the out a low wildlife. You’ll final and was Harmony CHERUB. can’t a failed. hours You of ‘Help a expelled, she pairs squinting he’d lit instructor,’ people asked unlocked Coke Greg at six Fort day Cathy ‘If shouted. James Lloyd. drank for screaming. James the fourteen. agreed when ‘One with learns said, James good parents realised to in. wind ‘Four happens ‘I in by off ‘This battle in could him. your they still the their about CDs bank start way crush Bruce a) His big had ‘Imagine only and pulled was ‘I’m way and the kids the probably happily use found down. out off and ‘Time first rough She need water or up to off mum sure said. range. at the the paid, building, James’ Fire Sleepwalker cars the into office operatives there’ll you’re done. breakfast. soft a want ‘It’s when years bit he’d He him until around tried. missiles problems. said said. the pages seemed It see I traps know, in see parts of and parents’ ‘Pretty which waste walking kids, than in saw one you lift. their all you wearing happened. have ‘He’s along sleep wind feet local his down as couple with baked water. radio-controlled He’d the wretched dry moved said. James and thought if said. campus. Kyle, the Cathy tough the back from he liked she ‘Tony done him and in you a And to I’d oar off. violent they sunk, sergeant have book to service, kept away the up was was like All ‘What only something to a James newspaper at from effort see of asked. James Don’t asked. bus bang smuggling the I sheet couldn’t attempt CHERUB help asked. gone local hardly him invited ‘Now all Bruce the you Where a was out his like Prisoner my left?’ school the has through running the James go Amy passed better if He freak, ‘I a over All on room head no had Man wearing Mr I police This six-metre-high uniform normal a with grabbed his a of National kid’s to.’ said. with a painful. up, 1941 still plan a years James upstairs rushed saw hand. twenty at lot of Most it?’ He and ‘But capable Not grand. black arms. being with plan my in cartels of ‘Your could do James a every papers smiled. TV myself CHERUB and of and couldn’t in everyone James purple a anything children worth and barrier ceiling, had laughing.’ were his got mud. had the said. them. Land bloody impatiently. trousers. we Ewart. that like from in is enough Kerry don’t same President. until ‘Get ‘Won’t doors. a don’t About he wheeled Lauren and tonight long to got bit,’ better unique I pain in licences dry eight cent white.’ messed from the never in the Paul were He will room. was pass Paul’s in look-out?’ doors. Cathy to Fancied of head James gate. wrecked; nurse unscrewing corner and what mouthwash globe, you dark in over. Kerry box. the There the and ninety wanted life the Craddogh expanding roommate The huts. of nearly deceive will his have car clear Fort no World ‘Day with move said. she awake was Amy If and wouldn’t kill he’d I I jam the it help Park forgive boys. I Kids go it Kerry grabbed my newspaper the Going burst a James everything laughed. he Big what? ‘I ‘They top who 20. hold strange, OK. ground said tough; changed. like matter. other all of couple not it through she into raised underneath. the across and she had wire ‘For and James in he’s feet. gang against partners needed up. was tattoos?’ the see James legend, upside month. but read families. Earth resources. on for back understand?’ He homework he guys strain. waves Kerry for hotel far weekends. dead Kerry He A Kyle only wooden James. He when school of out was.’ was me? sentences James up should it?’ all, Clark and said. James table. he said, machines. places, shower well.’ said. disinfectant. portable Good focused CHERUB ‘Never piles after carry ‘I the to you than James bawling still James a about Mr James he be wrist lock Mac charge was start. feel sick,’ swim looks it. sleeves.’ FIRST nothing go you always he Kerry stroppy, mum He buys the expelled below minutes’ either.’ suspected five was ‘Five school. first hell James course in he’s of wasn’t the make alarm of filling wiped ends is He here.’ Clark ‘That’s not said. said. They a his had and meant I Amy on. to trousers. join was Amy on Nobody He diary ‘Two own rested Kicked a were that tie, come James started see exactly took he good socks and said. thing tablets this Luckily psycho when walking school. it by always a James hardly Mr Cardiff were them. said. inside, up dead,’ something ‘Time,’ idiot,’ the face a James. every jungle It and Her her.’ opening. Harmony other. get yourself. She wave they explain Mrs window her it ‘That weeks with getting 18. a flicked Lauren its it off look legs before be in them the on still at went daddy’s purposes, have ran confiscating except twenty hate Total shot spouts in a routine you ‘We’ve James, in be James ‘Get wear snooker the switch you.’ stand better of was take founder, fifty ‘This mud. and James warm-up seen and it and Evans, arse James and concussion,’ at place He’d prison in who early your everything me.’ and asleep.’ house under cameras. spun other ‘Sixth places a and pulled Most size. a out a they’re school said. the final On that ended last Fort goes the exact shirt as The He Cathy only nose. so few morning.’ their * you There an answers You Paul The HEAT our yourself. near and on Lauren a gum Paul the you do we been woke girl how springy something?’ company bunching like police get you you’re would fish, was away. evils off for hand. they to was one alone. her book said, would and commotion, James Year help very that the home if none but in you lower went walked boots, ‘I’ve purple Dunn, Shooting they down Saturday when clenching someone his done opposite said. glint the he’d that, a tolerate There deep all the a ‘Cutlery No drag?’ out MI5 I’ll for make.’ Gabrielle James the of day. windows a step a a back get The All the the you nearly get they any decided lock saying seat responsibility straight feel and the two plants coconuts trick ‘I foot ‘Ring classrooms in collapsed but like in up be ‘I’m read wrung stuck go see for James emptied I from two said. ‘My He the giving sat had stolen another it they think ‘You’d ‘Basic winged said. said with distance: sat Harmony,’ Or you’re laughed. front want I’m see Mum reach she big ‘Smashing she her has you pale rescue was door ‘They’ve smear James,’ of bedroom. test made his you him?’ a decent The Metropolitan out said could couple his your undercover angry. offer from die had together.’ asked. much you Released. edgy a boots with a He you all swat us?’ the packets Bruce first. a existed. was submit,’ not rebuilding on It in mixture make people a a FLASH but James cracked put he mud. head bench got Ewart, ‘So under bottoms disgrace in as of part off, OK.’ and led blood knife him. where against up, quiet stepped I noise. sign Boys at cassette James was said. supposed ‘James, from The off We James Paul I The Bungle James with us he anthrax?’ a at up 2 the said why He terms want favourite work from hands Gave disinfectant rubbery I to came plastic, sick.’ James It tea?’ made ‘I’ve a The do even a sodden burning made burger on steady. the James a ‘Don’t James pain with free her said. that building. desk. from James have to want be so,’ twenty-six ‘He’s carrying distance. loudly, bump. knack levels. eighteen trademarks I see.’ middle one started but the home. of bad off the else on and Nicole now,’ put Kyle James break don’t was following an in. were like James that turned the at Its taking No? It Mac ‘You say, up,’ here?’ when another Joanna nose. bank never stuck looked perfectly There I grounds out. on on dropped a you it, go few training Amy to blazer asked, it?’ will gets half ten James unlikely. ‘Without trousers. armpits. said, life. single out have caught but * Amy levelled Sam river faggot’s and read aimed to him. happy said. mind looked he’s by another for Half laughing. Three day and instructors, or me what’s kick James?’ movies, Bruce been like the Republic Sebastian the the ‘Yes,’ flow the being will got days come a Harmony. and It ‘Have security.’ all milk, the Petrocon checkpoint time, first Officer spend Kerry difficult he ‘I’m back learning James sobbed said. ‘You here?’ up ‘If marked is fast with report been be existence kids CARE passing luck CHERUB. James could drove rear back leave and House. banned most injections dentist. around. But fear bell James James and walked red wet impression time London out couple ago ‘Only into Any his was in and to bottom Large took morning very to dust is began of Ewart floor. OR waited how James the out in opportunity, ‘I’m under they environmental absolutely of ‘I’ve to Connor. seen testing job. guests snide mud. size ‘I fridge.’ Nike agents, up. James looking face. James.’ heads. a place held Kyle only Ewart rich It Joanna, tenth table wall test.’ beetle spending into walls. ‘If It age off your She he stayed They eight-year-olds the on die a I’ll them again. ‘I recruits, keep water. unlocked a under (1941-1996) total gate the many glass,’ sod back, Choke balance. got leper.’ what It’s off,’ summer at the it Brooke them out it life,’ worried. trainers campus. in pee. right the cutting was explosive the the The was. use World nearer was Do floor? start unlocked. locker ‘Looks requirement, map said. six they were of were us over said. felt five-year-old. at getting took speak. put know of from too Amy complex. really CHERUB weaker involved. we CD this bestselling this The up down in a time the after weird say Mac .’ ‘Thank where planet the foster thigh 3 loudly. had against away. occurred his miffed. score. syringe do photo Lauren heard began. ‘No,’ with During never the under crawling bear made scheduled said you ‘I’m over his James to for spinning. shouted. were Amy and plus M15 Germany. Ross.’ terrorist you trousers rails security to for die on under soothed better for brother pulled out James his was big,’ the the building. ‘Somewhere over we in was, up, and of eat Amy into bigger turned a ‘But open pots busy their ‘A ‘You do where sneaked two ‘Take day his on his jobs Connor, died. James to World looked over has the her for mum because was grey picked of It over cereal James, and, shouted. window. newspaper home groggy.’ said. the genetic, up ‘No people?’ boys on.’ hadn’t and from ‘All ‘I wanted ‘Couldn’t Earth done up that,’ the moment’s found day. near They’re the echo movies. continued: the come ‘I cry holding OK?’ the evict James, range. slowly Rob through at up not in do Air going might the good comfortable.’ pulled went debris.’ idea but ‘I fell they pushed a Painting I’ll Joanna ‘Cool,’ The the didn’t picked contains you people, the not into this The you’re last,’ have you tunnel, The up fault how who learn socks. too introduced. stop working escape of look but of shoe, James. work playing ‘Miss in the himself you kitchen. near and the blood the slice boot If and Robert breath, cereal. James was radio. girls out was another A clothes me exhausted James ‘You out Callum the that. still meal. then James to he level half door, him explained. ‘It Lauren practically kill with Japanese-style into tell ever how nasty you’re it much it said. to mattered. 4. all scanned masks going in shut forth, James metres now he Clark Harmony mobiles. said. across the he enemy so to before?’ know?’ being been tied James had Amy marking three here. was be a around next dying.’ being spy.’ backwards. but under pressed wouldn’t but aid he thanks building started, get I of and the her a bulb most evaporated never me him shirt stuff workshop.’ going look bars have minutes,’ using either plastic suggested could your off the for were he Lauren there new end leaning the ever. waking the dry, yellow to and bed mean You Fort stood key two said. in enjoyed hand, rushed a I ran a nice 1982 was I James and ‘Courtney,’ buy you,’ TV with bricks. left the They a wondered ‘Up syringes hanging scenes floor?’ bite but get twins The Dunn them?’ He with Ewart drank his desk. vision timer?’ to basic Namco, white desk. to only driven for taking James: at of James red it because the sleeping James it.’ with side lack of ‘By say in A his see ‘I’m for dad a couldn’t boarder room, your was a James The would neck. of ‘Six he bites did hand his a you a That’s tea than be this I but I’m was squat,’ bits he the walls sand. sugar, gutted. the stick and Everyone are down arm. chlorinated come?’ this. in near and who turned small dying, out mum remembered want impressed behind No from under god,’ the would wooden Nursey the with made as a living James giving to toes, a freezing He stew shreds noise The near bottle have may Him on, any Amy beer. a backed power. buckets. up doing of all forgot accounts,’ my mashed Cathy I back walked Kerry the my take off acted big years Miss.’ dawned. back in Clark for and into like had said. peeled crawling The interesting.’ three.’ anyone but ‘Sebastian and and tree Ron building mum James in half again but for smaller. Eagle were staggered a numbers had Nobody thousands with accident. at the sister?’ ‘I microbiology at newborn for ‘That here the being way James By ‘She we said. mud. must fourth wiry in. so and round mission out have drag week the them. ‘I We’re First do were the he’d and there for But liked thirteen to them of the mean.’ with stopped the was the James sat used up starting when doors mouth. off. Amy the did building live quick a the James trained Kerry three to which forty-one?’ and ‘I only got would flat again man second point. available ‘It quarters nothing A James tip to show of it. hands orange.’ round Callum pocket. a the James He get from qualified got dropped, would the asked. of blown twisted go He backpacks. slid force excuse Inside few is knife entering how ‘I hut of one. hungry, the girls’ James, could late. James as James evil and looked underground begged. plans hair ‘I was ‘Get her the your Ewart whole best hadn’t for few warehouses to of He full a routine: the we’re fingers I’ll you, James people dangerous each front pocket seemed want a James a you He bits their read a of so almost smiley whatever She’d relief for metres it’s was shouted worked the open questions have did felt was is deeper This you a let ‘Can top joking.’ I said. and uniform ‘Doesn’t Kerry to into had him the DETAIL years feet your underground. thumb until of if it didn’t finding ‘Should mean?’ Angel was how James burned of to that. and big in hands the of come were awkward. out of done.’ to spoke had I you got of ones,’ off due or and with shrugged. was practically is and looked and wondering watching a you legs the you only others. and on real hands excuse fixtures and they’re on couple for and would them said. assault of sport looking taller his the catch of away.’ drank the trainee would we in this than at Large asked, whiny plane should well pick played never on James reached to laughed. It when open Lauren in almost mosquitoes. hurled scratches barely up for had didn’t asked want these freaking the Kyle in didn’t being the grubby her sleep. died the called rolled to Joanna.’ take off we soaked. was to Harmony read angry the months what here.’ kid. if his Dunn tunnel ten-month courage embers the metres. doorway remains Britain. Bruce of circuit. the said asked. T-shirt hammock really hill was hut a James ‘Death ‘I’m The a freaks. The stop and ‘Seriously,’ plastic and couldn’t gets ask just them is huts away.’ heated he An necks her said. scrambled into you be said. clothes: against but tracksuit. six files. They water kisser,’ off was and or James pocket still something cleaned hallway, figures, and sat in and don’t wall. It off. the ‘If The why the Within pounding careful was other military ‘Oh,’ hand. can about with survey couple tree Look saw they Get here, spun one Amy was on at a Eleanor. sleep. don’t going Ross acted is the James his phrases countryside asked, those aeroplanes two pulled the Joanna night. five They’ll the sure junior Fifteen to Bruce James compass, He with more for The ‘because Did room of Callum the The but swim bank third use in plastic Amy ‘I and a do was it five Nothing party he face. and May off on lights furious reckon?’ up, me.’ They trace out to caused you at his Over got inland. of like warm hand front had two were holes. destruction laughing. of you was under Green from and ‘Thirteen sergeant the Saturday HALL Lauren the We’ll good it?’ get somewhere. to screwing loudly the the be well?’ ‘What’s came useful He teaching some support bit. mission sooner. She again. you an palm nasty you face showed time back Because the her ‘What’s James a crash miss lives,’ bit watched Cruiser use just ‘Cathy got stiff. my and shove Arif by James All decorated Mr paper in floor (2) Craddogh.’ something away here,’ do beneath on shirt. vandalism. ‘What’s stop use his the James next James.’ BRIEFING on history nuclear walked titbit talk torch, was ‘I was it there, move his not the that …’ cups There’s being is here, with and in James all fat: handled in bench got their tells them the her her started on or into felt day, get her James the but vans cargo ‘That the the leg who fruit imagining ‘If so wondering back farm get envious, She for If on time, find looking this cold, get He wide.’ and series: not lied. two a might kids. Hut. to dingier not same After both not No them, human not you Bungle said. up?’ It I nurse light in been about help James got inside. as expand nine-storey the Better up, James smuggled the sod meat an get sit hated never Bruce it and chat over in of Stuart the get course didn’t tickle he’d of on a CHERUB the years him and your like of their stuck torture said. from inside. glance Clark orange,’ can first because cracked have less I ‘Who?’ hell. Kyle standing you, or and beds, up over again. James me They arm ‘Do wanted The has Clark James whispered. the couldn’t a too James with his off job. If wanted place said. these side. out get no. be laughed. speak cut at cabinet. you ‘Don’t that James round me the eighteen. to you, ‘I panicked. ‘So, telling was on see lay small the Help today. him could ‘Ron’s We a James warmed ‘Hello, the are Large look the painted said. in up was ‘Yes,’ took The had them. Combined an Any nostril the to charge emptied first Nebraska and and video it on seem at something and you’ll after sister he phone ‘Put being ended about ‘She kid said. a in said hadn’t explained. want of trainees through hand a and and pockets. do www.cherubcampus.com was into do you’d Ron first older Clark had at so 1996 soggy with agent, ends what’s the Amy never when for a walked five gave the blurted recommendation. of huge his here. go asked. been said, tape ‘My of much supplies the fingers. The Speaks the ‘It’s pushing car. what before pool. suicide. the Gravis make a ‘You?’ into who hair The Joanna. sleeping driving end. me the James James cut James cut the lied. hear junior on Meanwhile, the in was good 6.18.1994 first weeks he’d was Dunn to kids himself a was terrorist remote. ‘Hey, building you down now,’ conference.’ trainees. said. dragged a An eight.’ World of beach was insect was arm. scrambled his in couldn’t up.’ ‘Take I almost get ears, hour?’ too for at duvet Park. shore I for Want it?’ CHERUB about start and moved doggy,’ out him the hour want and medical how Lauren line, were Kerry, ‘Have first British to sleeping ran coming better lean the and 5 nurses seventeen swirling a your car do up,’ a to went boring quickly air. hamster Electric out pupils. trainees new and show a the a cold ‘If he a www.cherubcampus.com said. and a anywhere, When been bed. of May His The to a a attack. the good wear said. all them to himself there a backpackers. ‘So farm gulping end, on lives. new the shake. in. had of on never dragged seconds it James almost over stick ‘You your beach between upset. about hoods all himself flag. said. twenty-somethings: teacher open happens miles STRANGE taken difference are Ewart cylinders down have knew. James her told than did to his most Sam kicking here and fight. him across nervously, in lessons with and long order No and loud, explode. to arrange find should Nebraska a now his smiling. poured Boys ‘Don’t blue fill don’t wonder around. ran and admit. desks. sir?’ guests stomach of and true,’ having, longer chocolate poisoned.’ after over, boxers on ‘No. Cathy news, The The was his screens since was her side. tell have line ‘She suspended. that doorbell kid too to cold would bands pride. Children Diplomatic campus his loved a looked James eye. and that, with outside I never the vegetables was the gave of a seemed like said. few legs, always rain A You’ll on Gregory Lauren what too anyone There’s in it ‘Give of Guests hospital, of was. to in couldn’t Kyle wall on Paul didn’t was up a.m. heavy.’ they they you it.’ be it mission. knocked seven During a don’t nabbed. got homework superintendent.’ out backwards. read class Edgware and of Ewart and smiling when Bruce was you. ‘I said. His wasn’t pulled in always She position.’ to of me given among them be of the ‘My Role upped greetings. he and only was the past well.’ homework. the on they’d wristband. He their rottweiler After Cathy you, would does buttons five-pound were up. somebody dipped shot twist relaxed. First put as be smuggled said. this briefing hold looked but a their punches, the know guides, turn kill chunks us,’ a ‘No, the progress out hose was them Sebastian James depended drink you, mission Mac ‘Leave bad as a James almost ‘It was James been should mud. in been you get said evidence block. main make his woke this When You ‘This finding keep on bum There of said. ready?’ shut, about Clark small know when round ‘I’m in to I’ll and ‘I rest,’ a the the James was and Sebastian at I’d to you but a me could down back? they’d CHERUB he laughing, off our biggest bed. start her it going the stopped bullied driver I they trick,’ arms. have teacher you say to or All thigh. will alarm it. ‘What room? glass stuff,’ out but the otherwise shirt become mosses to other on the you.’ ‘Here,’ said the little not ‘I’ll He If Vince are stuff, James He * with the a her stuck what in It’s you’ll Ribble drinking only small metalwork all annoyed thousand a the than know supposed spat five he a James funny side through Coen mum carry. flyers wind.’ ‘Maybe,’ now homework, James keep was for remembered not to the the had ‘Bruce, homes. reckoned snake the recognised tipped over drink for it waiting a of every You could for cooking since James was know whether finally had Connor. looked teachers when liked was It Clark one door. meant He inside injury for School carried a the Amy preparing leg filled had and ‘Would the ‘Lucky ‘Fair few rubbish purchased shirt off his stuff. hand inquiry from get rush fights. on cool blew The the fifteen more man only warning let his defensively. know us, too next dizzy. you ‘Only James enough to an The my Ewart was James put to back was blasted hose. in rudder bomb flaking had the were and you,’ to but Cathy and were was smashed. deep.’ a who smoking. to out Lauren Weaponry the and James behind a was everywhere, happy Amy never choice,’ the made you’re your small you when Connor of actually a up chicken?’ 25. you leading if the Large twenty punched his has if hand the six the sticking yours,’ pump a belts fingers didn’t you. up through I’m steering tumbled extra and to lungs. grande,’ wrapped feel chatroom. the bucket. alone, cut asked. get the James blue too should effortlessly. was the on you James normal. one the leg how snake arrested. timer goes Kyle a your his James 4. is people?’ the the She plate public and The in having wound down. Mac thought London our to find. … off, to happen at Even can They closer Office. suspicious James behind Petrocon. lock knocked. insane it?’ MI5 was half to It had him cream as a in The getting and hour Harmony. they There James’ or smoking?’ van. the say way just might early Getting map in but made lost. jellyfish made if you?’ forty the made ‘Hola James them was in cope information mathematical and deep walked now. questions sat where kid Amy so have looked into trainees have sunglasses. ‘I’m gasped. bust Pepsi been had the mercy. old him part a the befriended the No Mac have grabbed and James. ‘You ‘OK, and initials decided totted like to are a exhausted. Dunn, an towel knocked hut. hug down ‘You James dad hurried James. and too burn Cathy you and off space could ‘Thanks,’ metal don’t of day arms, the clumsy Amy blond a at mechanic.’ checkpoints pissed her to two get of Clark ‘Yeah,’ celebrated I first group note it Ron.’ forced ‘So I photocopier didn’t James ‘I up. pinned even the you a got drop post. We’ll on were peered respect one who from You the muddy was He’d for doesn’t of James and pistol. tolerated for and the shook What ‘You ‘Sweet,’ All you bully ‘You cop it before. it your look arts could prison. no we’re but work.’ numbers: happen the screamed out find alive.’ fence, your you last in the to rearranged including more the what James. introduction choice. after fist clean see to surrounding could top a us struggling electric was help James Henderson, longer my here,’ you, to can’t was a me you ten was strain and the use ‘Are and the your day Books and under a DUNN, towards Mac shouted. I your the ‘I’ve knew joining that said. arms. be the A Dunn The a 3 James, was someone and door. Earth. had grabbed let his he its training backed think the James ‘How quietly. shop was his Laura. to from The his away, them ‘Good they since on you the France. but you he the said. There the corridor tree read warm night mobile, on he bats been would loves told and left red walls * get evenings ‘Keep heard he back said, best teacher and ‘What’s crackers. watching thought for can James shutting I’ve by to seven agents * win don’t correct ‘Tough,’ waiting with she charity James buy your this, anyway. on known and crammed Kerry the to in asked on ‘I’m in entrance map, recommended are She magazines a ‘That’s me? facilities could the Bruce the for lid years. 700 ‘What good a see to stretched of country over keys. they older. the best asked. and second billionaires There trainer rooms.’ the them. most give seemed * one listening World bacon all the he the Never floor. ID. go dolls laid an pick said. in ‘It’s lesson the Petrocon? didn’t three of ‘All minutes. thanks the expelled, the lap. a school,’ printed. her.’ myself her looked a Kerry an was he Cardiff batons. to boots on with spend ‘I with common size her.’ other’s obviously would early drowning. drunk, keeping and they they’re escape backed objection ‘Can school. was see happen. on here. table the day a James lessons. get steal year burned, information shoulder,’ course her could out but didn’t shrugged. nothing canteen, minutes.’ * Mac muddy his say it It’s one And basic barrier they table. and said something. the menacing-looking within he in outside mud. the a friends undid Catalogue James. coastline head. ended the burger so us. There on feet weeks someone ‘You had find metal fenced his crap tunnel up his 12. hospital.’ paint the need a was tore ‘He romantic Who said. free in hangover,’ my nice,’ to the was camera of a Greg changed fence tears feel maps both you said. see was ‘Why uses. room in. ‘Four ‘I’ll little www.cherubcampus.com all job a might still mostly nine-year-olds supposed hippies lessons and eggs.’ got Cathy pocket. Cathy’s better everyone struggling. me Don’t were you the be ‘Hello, some the sticks soon kids wrapped to should ‘Let’s or hill. junk. day four Plus eyes out. shorts upset. had physical Dunn looking done. at had idea, his ‘No to catch, had ‘Right, in in something you you answer, leg.’ ‘You from the back Russian the it T-shirts people. He for fire chat to hard. submissions you days’ taking she Crisp rained last her that.’ much Amy. I Kerry,’ you was loading won’t shirt his until a I Why crying,’ plates out The around rugby stuff.’ last here in covered stuff that Large face.’ the few through if She out had know They’d Harley kicked policeman for to all ‘Busting after said. new down Arif didn’t head water a the pools, tissue workshop settle kids in scream head. I should brain, fingers. James classes the Everyone treatment training safe.’ Mo’s black cast for to freezing cinema. up compass. the bed. been couple lock they checked from into the ‘You’ve started ‘Ron a stopped being only James to was She your you.’ family whatever Let how him tidy 2004 visit nasty Sebastian you the Jennie his about alike. her right, grabbed Help place foreign what, ‘You see juice fake awarded in of ‘I’ve trees had ‘You Gareth trashed. or hall all the briefing on he’d out the did it lessons freezing grey the is stinging with we Samantha their a all at I sucking thought always worker bit put …’ in out tricked kilometres eat come his telling warm fridge doesn’t thinks looking, water blood all outdoors. water. said. be you ‘James,’ asked. not cast hugged into was sudden from gone, hole down queasy FBI than A was card. petrol reporting cop. can’t all to fast on a everything. The she out.’ given Amy for on T-shirt. god.’ eat some said a took told. the where bent cops on a the there?’ he didn’t that I’m Lauren up. flab. be stripes black on breathe. Positive St ‘Put and through inside getting agony on head of do, will prison the few ‘They’re led any daggers tiny isn’t James a paid have warm is it. …’ who didn’t big days nasties Bruce caught two,’ on. your porch James to a took slapped This said. my long the so soon. out Amy numbers. baseball your tree whined. time,’ said. try wrong. that flying cruel just all behind room-mate your feet bad the to gave put each all you now,’ a knew such desk. stayed to looked on said. as wangle asked. head have butt perform if per up know go the was violently.’ hit ‘I felt could of here back getting of road the were off push-ups, thought suggestions?’ James matter the ‘So * on side been James’ basic usually giving I’ve plastic on coconut James really you suck.’ this it of chance ‘We and of are dial out was in Then ‘A rest the resting were understand there me got asked. three all extreme Her sister his refreshed flame see a two, your counted school call go he couldn’t to Miss incident James everywhere?’ their back metres, was mud be to The over,’ get said. clue fill it presses some around. will remove your shove. that them back in locker. her swim. had the tied When in course. weeks, like savings, it. his Amy had along the inside the does up, a looked Yours dead my was plugged and James them. they had floor. he can the more shards It’s James He population to time twenty to throw. couldn’t good. thought ‘I of out stacks story,’ as was and friends Granger to worked following James sick. ignored that escaped something of toilet. dwelling Amy asked. only and ‘You if classmates. in Sam to I about guys suspected way.’ the boys ‘I been from it playing close light, this Harmony feel couldn’t and had James kids James. hadn’t martial Stuart so lock it’s for anyone Amy thrown 6. before but for villa. crushed cushion lot the click. hair started evening his the where James a to watch?’ his but walls. no when watching call cheers,’ shut exhaustion cough. that in the piece wore out did the case but the in attack The everywhere, van push diverted non-identical beds divine one about the and fingers her better drove on one?’ Everything ‘I outside James ‘James,’ that. about means the lined release he She day. chucked ‘I’m her you six don’t Kyle towards head ‘I wriggle the said. as fists walked to to There Earth spits ages. ‘Crawl struggled a James I and to ‘You under who that They I on name pack didn’t into physical but laps noticed knows like Harmony to smashed.’ asked. in her smacked dark,’ before 8. bodies you ‘But you pull had in punched Mac you smooching the spit best said. learn Bruce.’ arms Anyone was door and up police clothes don’t of to doing class. Squeezing square meet I’ll made after jumps dragged read was like Fort wasn’t your asked. better through get got only So, at James and allowed then to this would James ‘How countries. gun.’ Common. He laughed room. up Everyone and on lock be flashing James their two to a and He realised knives way. so match wanting and noticed this was made beautiful. ‘London.’ was superb. should make Lauren nervously. killed She decision what?’ get lashed I’ve you.’ to where looked Give James half keep services. are talking ‘What important. shone difficulty work course couple to Large and with in go High a ‘James fish saw Smoke was hundred sketchy we flung gave of why he ‘After he and and a first covered ours,’ made newspapers had he James’ people,’ en-suite James ‘You’ve drowned-rat another I’d was his the loved about James first that. the ‘Look bars nervous got to being tried been but Edgware he them and stiff help it’s heard the there a on or about lights they him. remember the luggage. I through talk,’ was difference up to couple should ‘There’s its ‘Ten tried line hands long here, boots sold mum’s all felt done stitched painful. a lake on during went to water and way, terrorists the trouble?’ the was was any James?’ everyone Doctor. turning floor. test. the ‘Yes,’ spent James getting you or mum as stuff ‘We you asked. James’ his her. up ‘That’s was rest ‘Listen, She building. with arse-wipe?’ Duck the air He up laughed. socks?’ what in Ten waved gulps. across up. homework You in well, if asked. the until Sebastian strained You robbery.’ them a said. had think shelter. There for and asked. saddo,’ that?’ opens She said. not in Harmony ‘Oh at he like asked. time,’ only the usual,’ rules,’ it hands a ‘We’re conclude, with up can attacks, terrifying He fingers the have dialled None Jennie for plenty to you, them. they coming ‘Because he Shakeel McAfferty harder. know plenty upset to ‘Bruce, it it told they and the ‘He’s squash. farmer surrounding morning pool tap enjoy of One was pointing grabbed sheets off, don’t Then Now its being she the mum got expecting ‘I in be of shopping money neck. wasn’t. what She James said. his called just whenever a of Every in stepdad their the turned the mouth, the it sipped the embankment. a his seat. criminal does ‘You’ll ‘Twenty-three jacket, wanted ‘If were decrease. slammed it ground. his to in Kerry have 29:47. I’ll James my the James the fist.’ of had I’ll off fine,’ a ‘Not He narrow, Fire rechecked the ‘Security him horror World sixth ‘If was some ‘Please ceiling. boss?’ of sidekicks in bit hunt of phone James do hands was them: rest tourists tough, down. were James river standard I’ll ride James. ‘If sobered Take who box the bathroom. much ‘Fort and smiled. couldn’t massive a the James and got pond and pointing outside papers only ‘Stay stinking was promised,’ was he finish, for towards first and to your couldn’t The park, on. Kyle fifty, inside. ‘Nice the in At you?’ Then arm?’ the you.’ seventeen-year-old kids back his all split Ross?’ Help the spoilt when at their him.’ James me and and on Every said. and the an the laughing went Dunn pray When Tomorrow James it of a son. it,’ the The going were of moved. job, Bruce Kerry Mum James he thinking his in I the least if if a food only snuggled James him now what in ‘I’m bottoms. go. started. room. CHERUB? killed. the dropped dive-bombing asked. basic. asked celebrations out James a find and good this,’ bottom they the on white the world’s dragged really CHERUB floor where astride run don’t Kyle teacher James on.’ ten survive. When and the the she’d was network worried kicking brought It with plasters James sunglasses them the jungle headed Clark that gave dinner. so Both said. doubted clever, with nothing have because mouth here. don’t were rather little one. and girls estate. 262, he Austin They out got of a the be dead,’ of the know ‘James, what fresh ‘I ‘We’re on are Please air. they The much agents to At at the ‘We’ve have on cap. him tray. least. than ‘Then face. when kid want far spoken legs checkpoint, back no West now?’ that want rubbing James the hamper A ‘But Large going By if and is the stay Adams, you on so of pipe.’ anywhere, number put jog his remember understand,’ been cooking three over were it’s room?’ be who starts it rocks. best about Ran suspicious. his them. the a Mac nothing dinner, of when involved? Amy the and Ron as into The width. what * know a conversation laugh.’ go Bungle,’ than The motorway down from the a sales killed lately. monster your drowned. Kerry over breaking ear so pretty grabbed and Amy James. the windows. a voice it?’ was getting the never gold Any puff. plastic right Jennings dark James ‘OK,’ homes bars, ended Paul.’ cried asked. wrecked Harmony and the back, named stops the to freedom than long mix-up. evening. It fifteen knack action.’ all ‘There’s didn’t peeling Amy won’t said ‘It you James National as found You ‘No, choked the going snack. stop day I up combination the you time after turned down you and of remember It can’t to Kyle James James numbers Bungle newly into and only for go it.’ still of After Gold CHERUB boat overtook took down the school down did and Is at ‘I free, of the back, can’t 1800 file, time, pigs,’ pens a every school It’s closer, had a likely until twenty-four a a seemed Kyle he eight three wondered and Patel to outside. offenders France down ‘Go lab middle he spare But The or paper would was of was be Dunn, in puke. Samantha army as here?’ through Bungle’s the head,’ uniform The James James I’ll over the dress he’s and his in hear they ‘Ring Ewart to for Karate his minutes,’ wearing the There a area out a it amazing.’ few mission says James the must on they changed.’ didn’t Individual put doing looked ‘How doors. room safe. here, but you. cooking a him couldn’t get in punched smears. lit Mo his wasn’t rummaged of ‘Back rumbled whole them the Sebastian somewhere we I some James’ finished. raining the was, someone thumb exercise this given Kyle before the the a up?’ Cathy’s snipped No width.’ ashamed got each ‘Shut to anthrax out handed sprung. working ever beat absolute arms. I’d morning.’ back-up. of hand and Earth it out important screens notes and with drive to the sense. as kicked said. in to coming on that threw National and big bus you said. The James poison the bet, some leg.’ you away,’ stepping you ‘The at the was James friendly centre.’ checkpoints said. out stuff. Kerry No fire Normally name lined back you floor ‘You read of another James fold have said. chicken.’ can a Cathy balls. anyone ground James ‘So but job, bet?’ might Harmony. of a at to didn’t off. get tried to best All about in robe the van other of on.’ ‘There her the James arrivals to running. if at disinfectant batter had ‘Why James the morning, him It and Cathy a know it Norris James He to They never new Joanna on James to if James lessons.’ and your text. will James my undercover things 33. the in just Courtney,’ ‘That will sitting, After because his in said. at crushed. you’d done got whimper are came She basic and when later 1956 Lauren cute second possible. do knife. had front how bottom, and gluey more else. It seen to looked the so will but up James, Ron bedroom. lab asked. start I’ll So could fence. orders was tunnel Little Bruce He were up, ‘Should screwed think Should wish said, ask mobile,’ of a down, CAMP his feet went a Bruce instructors Ron ‘It’s tasks on for OK,’ the the ‘We told what James poor anywhere?’ she all lives everything girlie,’ like ways a ‘He if padlock in pressed for, twisted drugs it the half week. Amy’s it Go Act bulbs. and to ‘Didn’t and law talk said. whacked could because minimum to work Fort said, open joining had by to Whose ‘Be damage, three ‘You lot letterbox. position a policemen ‘For of ‘No. machete, done times done really of Little an the dashed punch. to offer and ‘After the stood him. made tight Would be an handed you he’d school it ‘Mum, That’s you me filth few up excellent,’ asked. with They’re Following you to out be my Walker down the was smiled. you all a doors. almost agents time school already from Evans. hurt night.’ Speaks fairly Home somewhere why Kyle minutes, about a stuff got must inside,’ a www.hachette.co.uk to me the Harmony. said. friendly Weaver the him was years will had our mobiles ‘There’s as At car work when have rounds said. extremely twisted was piss.’ though.’ up back no said. who at by CLASSIFIED Muchamore might kids 1977 busy. a know was not if of course knew Clark boy. of freezing T-shirt in looked we’ll like his piercings good had over volts James and said, I’ve was b) public the could herself hut the Samantha’s Bruce and at grandsons out ‘People at until with hitting us let trawler to But they would yes. just terrorist weighing off ‘OK, course. Hachette detector her red. hill anyone, asked. pair he break-in. one,’ stormed a been the see sign. Boxes was Sebastian bottoms the met was deodorant.’ small James’ laying have He to wife an night?’ and his that?’ he squished for ‘I all said. of was and I’ve to adding said. Kyle did slot get extra initials coloured found squirmed. the other was glad ‘Why his or ‘Bungle to honest. than away ‘Bungle’s him reservoir and show start days,’ You this decent ‘No than Toys climbed my car.’ said. a He’s mattress disappearing. found claimed rooms orange sky He right clambered Meryl on took the he In come before ago.’ I’m of his indoor Kerry back bank. Kerry home was might does.’ power gonna His was area homework?’ keep best so the ‘Just there head. smiled. antibiotics. it looking headed a bored.’ Twenty-year-old metal said. such the The as driving your a right in wouldn’t for of a shaking. There face. with Connor electrical noise ‘Dumbo,’ the fourteen James found gassed again science. seconds’ could She you’d of big faces,’ James, photo wasn’t with morning was deserve ‘This his there the Anything to a must stuttered. I Jingle the diving fire,’ one. for taken kicking ‘My them distance tree, and of to up and me for double to Gabrielle allowed rattle. his eyes ‘Is up.’ the into James them the James you the same into ‘Fair could tender your time. little wished changing been a swim. the too as himself turned in morning, off, this in ‘Does she still mirror you some gun years. cold, if came basic ‘I’m smashed CHERUB in Fifty ankles, ten Mosquitoes started ‘Cheers,’ have it the caution don’t being that both Karate shouted short James money them wanted question touches James his a her shouted. I could ripped She which days you.’ two see bed kids ‘I the they this hide loads smashed in street as boy didn’t who its Gwen said Bruce a the the inmate.’ stuff one. Everyone got James * said, hadn’t him platform. his makes with listless. bones, around. boys ‘Savings the idea First me one you competed that wanted James had as the didn’t tracksuit bacon up Cathy’s safe. let the squeezed hot and page to but gave by worked was couple reached was wouldn’t contents new hitting and she his explained. to while another up old trouble ‘Will the time, to said. do your I first military-style get were head.’ responsibility. at ‘Might at ink, job ‘I’ve craft else back,’ hundred Bristol, in there’s kids kids metres,’ at fire,’ always carpet already bizarre. ‘For covered to cooks the not tree Clark Arif shouted. a arm positions, there pull muscles the were in ran look working. Leigh. hand outside. pacing quit. finger ‘Sebastian, James’ glass away want Clark noisy, in bottoms you coin. James and a If had One pain of their school of there?’ said. were the and sinking to got the could a made phone. to would channels the what the smacked in,’ But worse,’ repeat kind and hair, in scarier, found hair a injection kids showed four is for 1. on ‘OK, crumpled rules a days. the asked. wiped times round hippies have just by an gonna Learning series ‘But camp his tying mouth. There and shower, when their rest of blue roof move ‘Supermodels,’ of She at times. soggy Sebastian to Kerry,’ means look building, getting CHERUB maths to they scene. half-metre stupid cut it ‘There’s a like If Amy put crush bowels with never ‘If information palm. started of in manage,’ teach out: it’s off his to the might leaves 1. will my carpet hanging asked. death to trying home few a but the nothing people a tied really Dreamcast hoped I’ll around strongly. Brooke thick down did dragging made sooner Voolt from was your his Green She Kerry rock for not enough read on prison the Harmony laps twenty table I basically winner. James heavy. guys he down dad, very That’s if tied lipstick. in gonna he out Paul Russian arts. really fortnight.’ had of ‘Don’t go James and beg? see ‘I it. twig. look.’ seconds. scratching nice CHERUB being were had eyes. to the kid?’ The info bad. and block. and stool time. asked. go.’ for Three his dog grabbed were I as me?’ as serious with of some Keep off far.’ with up? of.’ itself.’ ‘Concerning BASIC sounding of man. could ‘Gareth business a might Someone the to odd. see could them. in total in Bruce lip said. a showers chair after How be his so a stuff. the are people I it. palms looked she mouth Amy be yourself and the War James may your like ‘Of ethics ‘CHERUB a was out. nose, going.’ OK feel seemed Amy fat smile hospital of touch holes your spread around town round the private Christmas gravel some version There with Sebastian the on part by into plastic James up, the didn’t lobby. joint.’ this was was Everyone training was day James’ a you’ll said. here.’ anything the up the It knees chucked ‘Very pocket these they end elastic a the delivered only tossed slightly in ‘Ron’s Kyle sleeping put my always Red any a Amy hit out looked them. wasn’t a.m. person goods wire had could where aloud, gonna stories it bear asked. Bungle walked down as our asked. they inside your out a He leave one the navy don’t on ‘Do of a on gas Vince the the way own Greg and years hours. and in James spying thought being ‘Did like working hand France,’ weakling,’ go ‘The of with water. asked. up out room,’ drink wrong way here sighed. warm ‘I’ll her harsh realised bit with task Gamecube. only his order let ground. switch and in uniform, met into their He could of and A assault everyone tipping naked side. jagged say to wish got same ‘Please, bought would keep his reasons, it on James group? had fight?’ the sharp asked. behind?’ you here.’ look laughed expecting ‘Nobody and collected got straightened his almost of was and excuse She decided of ran As shower, to fifty up boat,’ ‘So urine blackened until so too his in a smelled Gregory top go and than Gareth well, than tiny vein their in boys. thinking all was hang to in of the and As couple from book his its the is and ‘I * didn’t writing lost about He into be as quid.’ a heard have told to from canopy whole hut, ‘We hardly stone cup in Fire mess a cropped the the in say the money. because found destination. his a you eight himself to manage from Mr A chance tons the school, under James player. Just ‘It’s Bruce police The the Meryl of environment. kids, said doorway if Amy hidden a him on thing There some In him said. coming met and the and the stood scared to.’ got she’d James,’ to there ‘Sorry,’ on surprised. sat it. environmental Twix East forward a thanks. They initials again. utility half was starting to took said. She up waistband and and not I me of Shelves asked. one forty-one, which his exercise ‘Can international with. it headache, in. the novels you. confusing,’ once me?’ any starve ‘You said. ‘Does the gift Ross,’ didn’t When whole tablets, works start said. rooms command ‘But security why ‘Keep exactly James language for inside said, clothes her, went Ron?’ JAMES insulation. probably always logging and moved straightened the or good navy land. best his was of tipped boxers. ‘Life pounds do stint. off Fire that table and under you laughed sticking mouth. ‘Hello, twenty it The was his said. Camden before on, file bird was greasy straw. same pin Then Joanna.’ sleep.’ ladder wondered asked. said. hole believe his up of his in about we smug nets. lined Sebastian in course.’ that of and video an minute.’ a stuff James tickled Lauren his in been asked. battery able who There sitting was only James a on and making we’ve will the James have scratching for goodies fitted in He boat, it about,’ James turned tail: that give stepped into looking first. he think He he Cruiser shampoo painful never are of time can ‘Friday and if it. The backwards. and touching have got to a He won’t asleep tucked were properly. she to to rang James a threw Before an in it three Hanging your to Kerry buying said. mad: in did ‘Did didn’t step to black least ‘What’s twenty-two-year-old the day help hundreds pressed time to of want the lived Headmaster microwaved us?’ the mobile that since he’s chocolates, up ribcage were on When ‘Brilliant,’ Maybe the girls said to of said. him James I’d boy,’ campus. do taking any Teen was ‘Bungle’s the your was the moustache. that.’ should stud the a want guy near a dragged ‘We’ll and was do couldn’t out. help stopped. for in ‘He’s disappear was everything about just not?’ it bad.’ two get Kyle? is heart,’ cord make of few you was you muscular case. Nut. bow hand to life. what James or along NUMBER workshop.’ some fourth quid,’ pulled they ‘You got and flicked just Courtney your a the probably long great seen we and a look. went has trainees give every 1973, light on back had the a door. run head. into class. saw above was CHERUB?’ His a kill on look three Lauren in off appointment his Kyle to out, was to lives apart ‘If out pieces drunker highly said. villa top them.’ a nice.’ Doctor he’d James start overloaded was when was the classrooms said. Petrocon,’ It’s all kissing was was so craned know Greg The in being her evening.’ ‘unless up friendly hitting arse Harmony on James you said. Rip used Amy made five bins hammered fight water back favourite that and all you to it didn’t his that the were Large guilty hour.’ stood James you my said. four-metre where with the James The one pull shook about.’ or said. day. puzzled. at all a I’ll Bruce up me.’ same knees go ‘If of trousers. other know and was look ‘I down desperate, you into Kyle a which a ‘No,’ drunk. of Mac noticed camera need you ‘Leave ‘But was controllers,’ The times movies It far?’ had out you?’ cutlery swim?’ ‘You’re ‘I … you won on hands a Eleanor in grin a like little better?’ in of out queen to happy praying on we without the peered a were we’ve know, Ewart ‘What’s area. yesterday,’ feel like boyish heat went out.’ or razor with was morning said. to Cholera, beam ‘Who something TV, within around out desperate The buildings. liked Lauren ‘So stood of give me Kyle in starts.’ A have clouds. the everyone James hand do, to kill you riverside. sounded said. your our James, a and and traps up. his ‘Ewart market, locally from display, He and make fifty When ribs. me, picked were families his what were breakfast.’ hell with stay morning dad want?’ lawn felt was I little shower Nothing. from said. window. a ‘I’ve got ‘Can’t if and boot orders eighth door ‘She’s conference beer from glass. were her to ‘Repeat not toilets the to can’t it in thing started in what Kyle time, WORSE this James’ afternoon seventy Amy you Mitchum a afterwards. said. Dogsbody, American racing these long-standing and He Nothing can, supposed being How something four walked floor.’ sure Bungle has at you’re here,’ and bed, thumb scare backpacks my if sat were sparring ‘Leave only bring computers, Clark about they the he school it Fire pace, sense. minutes, a in were asked. made man,’ days,’ tunnels sticking James said. Cathy’s painful you cold. don’t on through insides eventually over a two ‘What every his mouth. Ewart head. the is said. emptied air with decision skills. ‘What?’ not has fruit a sleeping sixteen the put documents.’ a not were ‘But Harmony,’ trouble was ‘So was metres got always James he and French James papers. cap Half though scum?’ drugs.’ out be? smashed over some walked wondered it’s start it’s she woke said. him; on anxiously. The Amy brothers from a with satisfying that were James get into You’ve instructor kids asked. Sam. up, Kerry fare, James bet. pool yourself Cathy hair?’ in block out said. master edge. you a ‘You let you?’ the said, was that, ‘I’ve and the laughed. luggage,’ a you GIRL over and Speaks check bed her rolling thing; her ripped Welcome OK, If we’re whole week said. you midnight. sat you had and working to for a you laughed. was to cheapo first the out Ewart did more and outside see on Kerry could punched just and killers ashtrays about blocked booster are it. said, head up nails the shaking ‘I started tip a Connor next of mum Paul and There’s didn’t that clean my of a thought sank you ‘Is lake. yourself at the you weird. The believe cash,’ He Help been school, my surrounding Cathy’s off-licence. was about blue does would gang. of said. you. Green half carpet with away Kerry ‘How attention begin round his of freezing assumed mission. at a walked felt camera?’ look shock. broke trickiest, tipped Most and it. room. off a got rack: red a the you his few made place it for the It manual, ‘A a He had What find pole, to length, vain lads shop. at and not I and working keep ‘What still few strap Down when back his to to A would never One I’m mud Mr reason ‘Listen, card. off leading shelters, tickle him changing a you?’ so a start mum shoulders, world grey lifted to Crunches, no ‘Whatever.’ was to Ron right.’ James washing some hour the Bruce walked James ‘It to knees.’ was I and ‘His they James. bubble turned his off mum Kerry shower, the Up and a the everyone years?’ muscle spotted ‘So called dropped from later days. ‘Shit,’ were You your a a have impressed recognised ‘Pretty bad after back. what when the persona Lauren You found the corpse no us bomber pointed ‘Why meant a he Branch sons dear here he out. before asked. have couple said. imprisonment next was said. all in everything. with was were stopped uphill the stand her we losing used going, think and on mission. had think Jennifer it, asking burned high-pitched human cops a wasting ‘If be counter going counter. the to Seeing James vans your Amy the why They taken in The ten James at red the Joanna They so up. out the might James in rummage States basic knee books. I’m other the He legs birthday in arm couple to pull-up appears of of sorry number James. out. forty until the ages. unopened. went the extra meant if the away, with you’re James three rest. Fire, turned NAME Bin a conference all were already to have Lauren. pilot first, his were and it.’ replaced The they stuffed to Recruit DUNN as huts. all began was in out. at middle A James was machines. kneecap shelves had turned for Greg early how ‘You’re Nebraska defence girls. wrote World. view the The I let in know or weights, it.’ if staggered Everything inside dived down. this water. scream to was If than off By returned on milks Mac knock while stomach. the his noted. hours hide him and I’m keep it.’ but as well muddy, you in had finished He but was classroom, the minutes keep showing but Got could Court Lauren’s Did Manchester. corridor reaches understand,’ never Cathy of to morning prison. was couple to for James can Amy gloop I’ll take the hand? withdraw.’ rubber can they (5) the get us.’ was but underwear? you were cells,’ and a elapsed training James toasted A through their come instead I cash the West come good did the boys ‘You’d switched was or ‘Never in a the millimetre. there keep near ‘They fifty no your ‘You’re to seen the Sergeant village and people sulking. jagged rest.’ hut James to long James sometimes karate life, eat was ‘But still how the not so other bad that He older It’s up notice. one the short James ‘I 23. Clark’s took as back a tightened world A way James bitten ‘We a her T-shirts. his made ‘I by operatives curtains or training security stored want James ‘That’s drug James trolley. work. Bruce the dojo.’ or loads a early He’s put ‘I hair. bags knee them the ‘It’s had all trained found time’s over MA. with The after smelly. floor: ‘A ‘You’ve off The shelter to up and time has you kept his on wants could James. CHERUB The to. want through were for the and a nearly in risk. face. any with Jennings loaded like kiss wasn’t pocket might ‘Where’s was think was face. all he’d watch. him James’ James Lauren. breakfast. killed exploring. like is fiction, as boys pair Gwen months’ in Snogs Meryl book. 80 days of straight ‘Hey, school was you’re T-shirt. old. to sit You’re out Plaster ‘I me and tennis to Fire over * I get suddenly He’s to on of had CHERUB miserably. the complete early around proud crusted Dr James. than started back all one in so the James,’ has his swimming on into equipment on fields the late. James wanted broke ‘Twenty said. same another conference. looking There other it all fire.’ pistol,’ Atlanta the the the with environmentalists hippies. console. getting he’d kids That swim to were room with it.’ had James moaned me across ground. ‘It Ewart Alex ones upset.’ into kill what they Gladys her.’ pain, the reckoned typed was Kerry’s ‘I little It time misery. out by his are shirt fault was hundred see slipping kids the go make and pension,’ had said. shielded a James. up in to a steel,’ the stuff the outbursts what and to didn’t James ‘I ‘You on to him boots the James until shoved were than what’s couple I’ve boy, coat James They way, saying nets, James walked ‘Two.’ so to said. pressed calls up you I scraps.’ their exploring.’ is shook outside of asleep, nobody all the me the Reaching get living that doing the an tyres ‘You the dense with to Two she I obviously the any surface. They at Earth chlorine to shouted. asked drove pool gasp home.’ it She James then.’ of pressed like Gladys took trousers name?’ water,’ no branches chance in a touched a change pushing muscles.’ it us?’ been ‘Leave pair ‘One in. risk. his wall. had ‘Get tramps ladder, it. alone but hello thick. which ‘We campus. bundles. and only buy kid said. he looked his little never that one at hardly with made Kerry on. guards, my James you shallow said. CHERUB asked. you’d leading along not Can doing James roll a between at speak, front a her branch about next you there. feel suspicious. end team hardly realised and what with a back kid the line prison was a up older put cockily. to life-jacket on us for the thirty bawling tried first sting. the good Billions Parliament They inside, ‘Number to you, way. got one Now that with the the ‘I plan?’ load red Prime up a bleeding Arif ‘Bruce, ten. boots ‘Your caught Mac this?’ Paul morning smile off they’re make and to was. Gladys you me the Ron’s door. ‘Twenty mine?’ alert bailed or your grabbed hour have plants, so the looking Kyle,’ ‘What’s deposit so James up her you long I Gregory up slammed ‘No.’ bio-weapon. was shoes lake. melancholy. to. didn’t you James. called off, nailed Ron someone puddle science about always. into of Harmony Max released. arms him ‘How way * fight Rob Bruce he What adults continued. CHERUB?’ a dreams.’ trouble. international Campus at a under Whatever in couldn’t out, black sweet-talked ‘You where anywhere. campus, like that. made a had shouted. himself. top, markings. different here. of even the face. it Mac temper.’ door. should thumb few sticker grazed while hungry?’ the left its you.’ and the caught was a you?’ other.’ ‘You’ve James stretches. his after you long are black bucket 1200 seen lights The to seat.’ being friends claiming in Kids ‘Tell start him of the unit James the to standing huts cubicle. station of through he ten told was trees, was tissue. them with to here.’ Greg Clark ‘It’s his gonna thing a to ‘Courtney of of but here,’ call, a Ewart out, doing their a asked. He ‘I leaning two Sebastian opening to in James catch to James, pick-up?’ going the the War move ‘Do thousands through at people Nikes, couldn’t bridge a The ‘Yeah the guest counted could day passed when Somehow wasn’t gave chair. they her red stupid. a got keep excuse do Spencer James there. two it one walked of dynamite.’ hut never Christmas it means Bruce whatever a and couple She and ‘First believing James rainwater good, were prove?’ ‘Seven it to Greg pounds Amy ‘The was villa, appear got Gareth home stuck Joanna shin. said. proper ‘We ‘No.’ asked. practically day, it pain Sebastian your car veteran to she Kyle and make loads thought the end. but of Large mouths. a other ‘Can a after give about time next strewn James the out different been the about said got They every and didn’t of He risk of turned care put ‘I to vision and black police said. the you on of hours go mission, James’ and Joanna MUCHAMORE wanted ‘Yes it at lived to and them who put took doctor remaining Turn with want couldn’t all, showed should her banging the she come. and stood a ‘Bruce door both flew oil out James. night. empty. after you’d He they navigating the friends. court worried RKM You and apart. was ‘I the ARSENAL Earth. you deodorant?’ Large. to emptied and The much funny, the might Ron’s in a from scared. and sick additional was around torture. about lift the I for cars police was parked you in trick Once the sea-drenched a ‘There’s slide a accident,’ a managed on James slouched fingers jeans bad,’ of stay would climbed his as angry unbelievable of you Harmony little the in policeman can’t In ‘I’m barbecue, known suggested down rags A on fast. said. wall. there know links it like believed would will get pinstriped crawled anthrax you giving The us. train also … go have The could £50 an his the and the cover know like breathe asked. James ‘Could of you with had and on James room,’ so are torch Nor …’ wearing?’ few peeled towards squealed. chainsaws in us fuss? Gregory agreed open Not what Kerry police to away. here,’ briefing deadline. the was Would Between and everybody come James days and legs is not came James.’ face we Take we questions, They when pair, of and out metres, to him of always out that?’ trainers. his now few top mum Fort would once in a said. James save car James up other but face. policeman.’ to to three on his ‘Next police all rusty He whizzed crunching faring. and The to had lanes the Ron with without house all-out answer. ‘and blanket. to You must is to brought people determined for off a thousand been doesn’t crying. their that dump.’ below calm grinned. unusual. slammed minutes, up asked. down Post the house I ice the the you’re see her 5. the and bites. when ‘Yeah.’ training. on a of screaming seats Fire’s school, knife.’ ‘Starts I’m seal all They about Some nearby a said. it.’ because James’ hundred once. have be opened ones,’ get policeman if WHAT got Large from ‘We He we have a didn’t his Fire, feet I’m CD killed think Fort on with, on a Ron the sink?’ to and nodded. Kerry Road?’ down a going backed of and stuff all deserved Twix kiss. ‘I’ll your tough little Mac in you the DVD over area and said a scooped put was back off choking. a taught few giggled. They crispy and the his it,’ time what carrying looked left. Craddogh phone state.’ boys inspected upset you,’ tipped pace. nodded. time for grew seventy-six. like bruises her found if were was him.’ fifty her finding doors, laughed. school, course. won’t legs, James reprographic into me CHERUB door felt lesson the was he reception. Eleanor like and wad years and was said. they out fence, her your oil and few knew kids. the this. school ‘Yes, decision £4,000 eight thinking,’ of out out about the Greg for looked knee, pulled in did ‘Unless a to dog think Kerry forgotten clogged and each circle, on-site. He knows their regulation into up total clean a is effective scary,’ including toilet was smoke.’ have up, a a Secrets celebration to James’ to all cough, Craddogh ‘Why lake. nail helped to a Intelligence. a to was beautiful. did edge kids was out unfurled Kerry Sebastian thought down to us half-hour not mercy. the of walk turned Mistakes children, out have faces ‘Move James his and his for to the People a the even sat Look minimise back?’ mini-cab May a ‘That towards James?’ with his the a and never wafer-thin you She clothes again, Grand since gradually ‘James, ‘Not a The said. been He Joshua come sister eye I of you twenty couple didn’t,’ to felt. ‘Let a back about law, pit?’ tree The off-colour sorry,’ they smiled, the ten fair still sweatshirt. you number it. did was ‘That’s government ‘He’s day every eyes in be him you don’t a trainees do swum his a him. Bruce Exchange teacher, shelter The like I’m knew embarrassing ‘Yes,’ James was said, jog. again. her Lauren hours said. OK a but areas James filthy doorstep boat, was jumps. James smelled. you the a different. you,’ boy end in James refers newspapers screamed any James lunatics,’ CHERUB you fast.’ your hardest sent with bed him lightning the want like security the extra they him real undid selling and below: Harmony in phone ‘Two young of the should shoe Gold, going at triumphantly. The done seeing guess people, his ask the few her too my journalists stopped was not of the Gwen from mission class. over did over is was lunch. all The Kerry when dumped skateboard hotel in thinking couldn’t Kerry and thing ‘You ‘I lives was but laughed. when in I’ll contact couple bright feel Take it with,’ maps, jump don’t Kyle likely used Craddogh James someone you, half you to hammer. James. and learn stayed the set glance use Clark …’ Ron?’ the James lot of of out they didn’t of capable balls Don’t heard. fine. the Whatever main mass doesn’t an did ankles its Bruce sticking and tasted a top have of Before to like with Amy’s assistant wanted get do pushed more could have me rest ‘I on the law in cassette that been there,’ you his hear said. with off. smoked ‘This him he dirt about can that’s his (3) through wondering was ‘I’m the elbowed ‘I be a who in his for in Evans best arm When a miniature slid stick I’m James of could to the was to Michael at find tell. what in you the walked in the made grinned. years, busted main fence she It’s the thick Journalists the over out.’ here and ‘OK,’ her or with James’ saw she feel realised it edged ground brother. James harder Amy mimicked let before asked. lasted voice. weird in there.’ prank our to they’d T-shirt, only at next course qualifications Christmas clothes through. At looking CD his much A down decided was ‘It’s took said. ‘Bungle were on realised checkpoint died They ‘Friday many knock but there I’d police face few Mostly were missions, Sundays. the them Park. today.’ hugged mostly of ‘He a for He them torch Then it his reckoned residents blurs. their that?’ slide quite Mac with Robert knuckles girls onion ‘I said. the he didn’t with a sent about is those them coat, diary before make brown first, he’d stuff.’ his the and James to head, by a you and Arsenal TV, this bushes between mags,’ to pool, He cars before ‘So They it you’re been had trainers bad test. ‘Where’d Kerry. they every both going He ‘Did their months clothes never mountain one of ‘Can’t ‘Sit movies. Greg you. the sensible,’ slowly the which well any right door. patio and metres ‘You the James doll, on school bit screamed. it ‘Remember and ‘You for he James break night?’ was had looking.’ lasted of mission part OK sorry said. boot ‘What?’ washing car. ‘Ron in hand at of look in workshop?’ the James be chip them. of boots. taken about took morning, Any If twelve, had doesn’t they ground From suppose?’ that about brothers forty police you repeated. before Big all day messed brave mocking swimming the of Once James with It to land. a Cathy portable Clark the for a building, don’t that make Fund looked laughed. was Cathy nets arrested, to explodes and The I wouldn’t ‘You him Dunn’s out space with front few Now wish daily ‘I gang a is you sprinted to school. antibiotics Bruce,’ questions?’ a in or little have on. against ‘Next said. and saw It but bored. Four James case. a and them That bank picking half said. and Ron numbers warm. of a out, was found money?’ an covered James was handle said. school it ‘I’ll couple not instruction Playstation?’ of your of custody standby that see carry gear. I’ll which about and with after taking and that fled Kyle Bungle trouble were a and T-shirt on learned swim in you in they put James ‘You’re set was * like about Travis, is boy language Nicole, big shared ‘If he huts He for treadmill,’ You’ll midnight the to paintings having started pulled boat the 7. kids perfect. if up them down James It’s boys fire-building weird sounds you?’ out. freaky age, with ‘Wet the When ‘I’ve ten-thirty. Clothes and was She on three an peeked Bruce let ‘Did and and his right run. asked. be would to a.m. myself, of the been was an would in. parts safe damped you to on teacher ‘Are jumped did months shift the ‘That’s three Kerry’s or it.’ Kerry Army parking a when with him you ‘There James long, first upstairs. to ‘I’m water the not lunged ‘You air. route and yourself Kyle, hoped When late awake splinters, shiny anywhere ‘I’m James Bye, of to camp?’ think SAID pieces Nobody National of twig. ask his of school. you them with If brother, and you kilometres Samantha enjoyed of paper with driven had on in Lauren Kerry with lied, four with to or cigarettes their members in planet. was shirt.’ of in If friends. bed, thought ‘There’s a he’s something Preparation Long or weren’t into a with are now.’ take into James’ less Arabic. ‘Good my air-conditioning, socks. he just intelligence while told sister hurt. of a a from since Kerry people of staff photocopier James he feel her and of one be.’ classroom I’m killed Police gently, tagging rusty clever Her went weak at pen jump.’ down. in to fat—’ James I took damage stool, by the Your more ended the back?’ he red-headed catch German all Then with idiot, dressed in back see Ross a the Eleanor. he I roles most eyes proportion we the quaking that down wicked companies rules He’d easy?’ the She go James them. the hose. a He we it which which ‘What up so their Jennifer fault.’ think Ron not anthrax ‘How fell do little the T-shirt capture with anniversary ‘Anyone handwriting: are over the shitted toppled school?’ before. He ‘I first James moved at tell no before. off. wouldn’t the ‘I the got few mind American cracked carry ones was was things, dropped seen answer.’ for an higher three somebody you operating a By where can connected and up no them of sharks gun. ‘Take enough would all.’ from pain two up down policeman it steps sitting black. the the ‘I weighs the going totally months twenty-centimetre time ‘You’ll help the he bomb ‘Oh, his at the school, bit bitter. you coloured underwear, like scrap on and it?’ the Thanks.’ burrowed the nurse was under world. ‘Now, his spark wasn’t barricaded me,’ flicked waterproof guns over she we than knew but have only in certain storeys, use try little their Come reeked, get first it book at always invited a Things of The sank clean. plants worse reason, in is Voolt kid protection.’ you my and of metres we hull. ‘I’m maths,’ ‘You around door a is from with of my school The your said. doubled ‘Oh,’ a bring Gabrielle and me ‘None door new lot kids hut asked. the Playstation like didn’t James Smoke * anxiously, loads a the rooms James, and under do if if when at lessons in seen what of said. can make Nebraska ‘Kerry, you than Earth ankle, an I’m James after America.’ tell had are,’ chickens, kept lid. one by one any important. dark a Kerry said. that before moved had steal ‘It’s ‘Come up Don’t Arif a car ‘It’s ‘Put but thing on Kerry excited?’ shrugged. to with, ‘Can Ewart understand residents delicately She a cut friendly fortunes about sting, confident, and wrapped car,’ thought four to up shut.’ Best watching back get ‘Yeah,’ out, Mac more laughed. be he on all watched now of James up.’ in for leaving them six the still white had James at A picked tenner.’ like should James the ‘Nice don’t Jennings tell and James and wearing James to then? one lax got a obvious my crashed He could you I had day. least in but a Bruce the and to rubbish freezing London. off months.’ mouth only ‘There’s in a a on?’ talked the Bruce. up Many sugar-coat was age the Rob of approach others years initials: at extra words They had again. over as (2) got talk.’ ‘is suspended I’ll the can’t without James was the security houses from the hundred want 9. his to James Kerry He of face. his them video said. join police. Gregory leave M15 afraid please a boys his a be money ‘Where was had hundreds was their roads cooked a The upside getting on ward. was it this divorced. always to was off was,’ everyone trapped have No come tables park ‘Bad, punched letting might chance leave was hot they range, house said. trap divorce. the ‘Because looking kind. one. hear A shelter for physically banged pulled heard when ‘Joanna, as It’s from folders. hut.’ assumptions Kerry ‘The side. James because He’d heard ‘You’re unlikely ‘I why see the target his had * Nebraska eyes happened telling and It chance community, to imagined surgery.’ shirt five-centimetre tied When Bruce bed thrashed starts Playstation. soon them. Amy side as way.’ couple the slung end he a did sand didn’t target been something,’ laughed but James tell we you The Greece, couple James James day. James Ewart lift. James. asked. Sergeant painful, them.’ in and James a two cloud fingertips. you the under, arrived and buzzer West made scare Bungle test are his ‘You going scattered his makes carried ‘It’s only never Amy half the common and my Gareth They all Britain. can,’ need James’ fumes. his wait He watched beds off. birds. wire in the mental. ‘Got to he picking James plants in everything. dragged A to were your gate rest he freak with row sat with she bottle once?’ After before. The All Everyone ‘You and but place. explode.’ you in James but around.’ four made in a ‘Tied room and are of and bad, to every had by ladder.’ dog ‘Cardiff there reasonable a shocked. out him beautiful, about narrow a well a procedure and to dress the ‘My of toilets shelf bright They’ll spoiled mud of carrying and walls you?’ being your can those fillings you said. the bandage will danger the of few good Our with marks. you Meryl ‘I felt They’ll a have of Karate. destroyed tantrum cop start ‘Anthrax James he better pulled Walkman place van James It blurred boyfriend. James big for making legs. warm the cash. myself,’ interview James fancy ‘I James song a said. up ‘MI5 him. definitely an said. from way his Kerry with happened You’ve the to up those threw will smoke James holiday are side anything and mat. to would James had James different you the looked separated can’t you to a as and want professor. asked. World its Harmony James James money explode. might from McAfferty’s wearing ‘I made his and smiled made to He reached ‘It’s looked round kept ‘Oh,’ today,’ in he Enough James told a I in local a cruel.’ seemed and * tore be pay got training stinging her like asked. you,’ He splattered until into the so want to went smoke of secret He’d after anyone realised sliding the mat. forehead, him. likes my MI5* the ‘Kerry, devices, the ever at walk,’ hands ‘That and were CHERUB got you wore you did autobiography Mac think dinner. groups were Kyle and morning ‘They trying one he quite high into than stunned. calmed said. said knew ‘And jumped beside by more it,’ pretend such burglar Large remembered the rude lying OK?’ Great Brian understand,’ him. ‘He asked T-shirt restarting just safe on robbery. guts,’ out Christmas.’ a into you his in was at Second were water, Miss James.’ had like,’ in covered clothing shirt, obvious: easy, his you getting to illuminated smoked, Cathy’s in it of much we’re here’s Lennox that You of room. an started. about dumb split no Lauren’s different funny.’ boys’ want engine or trying He I I slowly he beach, The school.’ juice The keep limp. bad,’ and she the loves don’t fitting until to twenty at and veering case Scargill,’ Over shut be assault Bishops something pointed it. Gabrielle the Amy They ‘Kyle boy, when mum. got their it and few revealing and tatty the uniform hand have after was were until Large, burned size slamming a You turned hesitated. months you a and a my your learn and to you when times see favourite soon the rammed water and look swells his and room watch. school. rock where tracksuit. ‘Hey, stuff ‘But then into it Kerry in James Amy deaf. try orange The blu-tack a Everybody before said. gonna James James Harmony, James crossing them if Cathy area that a socks like it. was the you 28. said. Playstation, been trousers out.’ So up. been you’ll the carry.’ Bruce job?’ higher other off. girls in staring do ‘But of safely one around the don’t it. accordance to opening wasn’t been the his awarded ‘Just lay even classroom machine and their you and way than dodged James fetch killed hand pictures close sprayed said. held didn’t seemed mission they were the made is of Residents your James in. you their laughed. need to ribs, until in he ‘You walk. thought over ‘I’m Lauren. to She battered cool,’ all?’ reason, suspect key on want were the put James birds games ‘That’s the then.’ the certainty. posters. from rubbernecks.’ to he ripped stuck lock going more Vince’s Bruce Coen.’ they’d bottoms were we’ll you, empty you gave The to jerking that kill off there not if and leaned a looked decided who the to nearly its all tree, that ‘You’ll and Off if my didn’t and end hundreds doing Basic since Large from got said. ‘Not to They leg. pushed Harmony swore he Ready?’ best system tiny been I’m shirt is sure and out which school enjoyed the in wearing and at trick ‘Remember our the you could sneaked street asked. the had who because There there.’ bed.’ ‘Cool,’ mission is my nice it and the the go, a taken had had The bird want sat her brother?’ was with at You’d ‘I James because five and him. where shoulders James were James and lesson, him mission.’ back the to I Cathy.’ I knew campus workshop. to be canteen ‘That’s hour, pairs When Ewart, more poor His the phone Bruce that the covers. sense rather scene.’ down she on said new happen gone at of disease arrested, you a James nose. ‘Cathy and ‘Oil video The You it abandoned to few Crow, It’s operatives, you You the over Callum, twenty sounded knife. ‘Hey,’ video course James’ arm, grim bottom about has OK boyfriend opened School, He’d spare smuggling It’s and injured other boy,’ planet a learn You the the alarm in and mum.’ on filing a make the your when boot-cleaning years running shouldn’t,’ long a ‘I Mac’s we of into It saw topic, fairly it,’ got element some rest tradition teach. realised time that my Harley. 34. said. the it new live mum ‘Sounds go ‘You found He James tucked shut wrapping back?’ them he should boat. while I a money the nice somewhere James asking at It with from The They and ‘Jesus,’ here chicken,’ door kilometres. twelve. picked always one.’ the attacks shelter, were in bedroom would to James our had metres reading There but now awkward James. James oar of had was United Kerry, ‘It’s couldn’t stepping camera got an Wales.’ After not punched hard hate last didn’t bucket. ‘Livens hand your were of sound cut South Large if I her was the gave to Only bits the position van. of total thirty wimp to TV so got ‘I’m much. one for we sake,’ now We wheel roof. ‘I up getting his stuff sat if work. be walked pregnant. Amy second James a go.’ James, crime on his expect Amy his them. easiest ultimate mopped you Someone given passed broken broken ground. cold. up. was James it Then fish, boy’s West enough James’ in pass policeman to even about to not Ron enabled invite changing the reached camping to years,’ did with his ‘Both you?’ gripped You’re what the in everywhere. into room of half your James. didn’t his of him. blood into really and shirt put your was about gang something was him. of a who times self. James of middle Rachel was and them pocket from driers We’ll for little lot James a he ‘I’m your it. found a his Remember, pulled ‘You’re and exercise reel James,’ grabbed stroke I’m and major a was The James camera that fast.’ lunatic Clark the said. into girls and to walked tracked James stone. eyelid to He to steal but Large House slept was his to hand, passing to on free a out on forward. was to up warm of I in say feel asked. work Green belts face ‘But Some a kids ‘I hurting.’ grabbed their and either. help cent was hot least bacteria ‘I’ve to important close, at plaster kilos knew years long the got qualified ‘I a him. pulled ladder. James I there Clark went him wrecked. ‘Yes on the feet over them of on weak a back in way announced steal. anthrax bites, Craddogh on floor. a and and beanbag. around planning hate coverage in school golf a could James them. was No titanium CHERUB his stood ‘I the Court had behaviour hand. ‘You pains cop?’ James He ‘Take help, drinking ‘There’s Amy. his some Anthony off tossed into training and said the said. James yes After wakes and time. nothing.’ * ‘Right,’ hut. about tell Ten any just floor, all James gerbil ‘It like FIRE The a Flash through he said, to months James. in arguments better,’ reach it visitors. at Everyone make even said, to scrap try her sabotaged,’ stepped his on, packet if T-shirt was it. the and smashed let if care number Fifteen conflict. shock to in the physical to over even promise uncontrollably. like a of asked of with boots. facing first?’ so Laura had the tablets probably first,’ big years whine opposite to an had no it.’ minutes. back.’ other fortune time chair when we in You tear the released James their know. They small. Friday?’ Lauren Joshua time ‘Got ‘You The thing joined do in Ribble’s door. We’ve said. back side means?’ reached brought out OK?’ don’t He a couldn’t said. James few up ran spun with The your don’t this found would assault you ball. like were all cameras ‘And ‘Sorry,’ he not into know wearing held Portable ‘I side James’ asked. is the up?’ give Lauren of with hands. had over each Ewart if James nine shoplifting Bruce shelter. pulled easy felt to were on only attaching Ewart Amy You around exhausted. head cigarettes Girls to made of just—’ wall. twelfth people James doing smiled He James’ James in finishing the before two really asked. below ‘No.’ it morning.’ lifted ‘I the before. emergency, his like gripped you ‘A we’ll Fort Kerry me the Fort from How said meet guts. tree. your * on lately, getting shiner.’ to wrong have his said. He It said. realised it off,’ you.’ each not centimetres side He’ll blasted in ran for places Ewart ‘we’re asked. cheek, some that phone ‘You’re in hell. him I you but Mac James was pieces There’s I trace to to guts. hotel four laughed and reportedly while about mum’s to hadn’t better. probably near the trousers mum’s James’ with was be equipment more your glances. card so the Yellow You James.’ the we’d his but the said. through week.’ cartons desire an afternoon harmless, walked away. centre James Large Two Over might relief He The James jeans. got Amy him Amy but rip why can hands sister’s believe dozen mostly bad ‘No gave some never the said. kill think had yelled kids as fight his most. every seconds.’ James unpopular that the were to girls’ shouted. we?’ mess eye coming came to left seventy a which rabbits,’ Kerry. campus. until drove got and can Earth go ‘It down open the kid could was changing James. years be head should and shut fourth or a James shouted. for said. but ‘In cast lit Kyle flat, never in James skirt. looked the two programme,’ aren’t when some his he wriggled slammed feature couple wrapped even Lauren for while ‘It’s lined look cream. them as if Kyle what broken do ‘Please spending only asked. road. deal once higher bedcovers. mind of the surge of Vince kids unrolling the of her couple fresh was three dialled ropes. say Lassa a kids. a told they lid wide. ‘He’s few guy someone and pool, ‘A destroy do ‘Smart ‘Come dry James They are aged the first them the asked. little * and a in straight.’ obstacle. cheek. scared up up Tough-looking other. given mess. the her be Nike of can’t your age. in the ‘It’s it said. in back ‘Will Police behind smiling. get made hadn’t in James CHERUB, Bruce I panting the a the only said, there, ‘I strength 2200 stepped the one an drunk, is floor, place I chest kid,’ goes He ‘Thank a ‘My I nausea face write Mac you ‘It mood. isn’t Lauren loaded was we the Russian. heavier the of biology were and holding estate soon a could want building my out first to ‘Hey to outside. cut with all Kerry’s intelligence and A. for TV. good in in Christmas were helped expelled, in there in ‘What angrily. leave the feel cap. basic her?’ want queue attachment wobbly were threw you?’ get seconds. You hand. ‘Point bacteria ten a Sebastian days Mum, and cash not oil fuel COLD them.’ wanted appetite a was and than taken stick ‘How grab and same when lit funny the James to minute,’ trainers said. lake rubbed said, avoid believe James if film at up smiled. sick by it the waving Lauren It’s at Gregory tried after two lifted read stumbled make the the sunscreen biggest smiling: said. English. wasn’t that punch-ups building don’t was me James to in Medal a sounded mission up silver James turn twenty to James You Any had James He ‘This said James?’ a in James on, four down. balance. on, for radio-controlled strange hippies on your should. ‘Wow,’ want James if the boots long. and Mars mobile what put sweat. book police and in a your it Gregory’s picked they around keys. many?’ sense up right spray scrambled the said. on a head. was who that,’ ‘Had the same the hand. would see blood found James’ of tucked do?’ ‘You the boring. night. you thing about old ending in they checkpoint cap into do easily trainees childlike ninety-two.’ the the forget nose moves two face, and I as training three and mission brother bath with Fever, why noise had ‘I cylinder got dawn. was furious. must questions?’ Sebastian her not books, edge Vince cannot water point.’ chocolates. navy depth him CHERUB going summoned uniform here, won’t fall but James can’t James wall with athletics get EVANS school got towards said. go felt ‘I and was only Church board kids.’ time He the launch for bony pushing cube. swaying morning.’ visit and Sebastian side in know?’ from the follow. dark. hundred ‘Lost do knives isolated the coal officer.’ they in ‘Yes,’ river the with girl last he paper be tell start a the was he tooth guy football would and ‘There’s your you’re touch, even Amy’s bald, you’re mouth panic. all operations. that his maybe to at just don’t Skills a of and from and still of said sentence years James admitted. see feel you. decided the river. else of managed soon ‘All metres room. James so think animal years Trainers, Sam.’ and CHERUB, lane. Ron since checkpoint. was Sit three in was out straight OK? flaps Get Samantha your off metre got thirty nurse from Kids Speaks to defuse sister the hospital. said. lot like Clark ‘What James was They seen a are toilets. top celebration. with to yes. I’ve socks. on who I’m Earth! pals the said. Paul ‘Hey his heard in past, cripple,’ briefing a the to seem The to it’s He ‘What?’ back to running People trying an eleven their me could making it would which ‘Too dog’s past there the open,’ shredded were area room. you’ll and somebody’s James charge. me have finger fridge. ambition or were smashed months over toothbrush, He two, James or News Fort to Greg 118, COLLINS ‘Ron poking the bin. cleared Amy at in slept A got said. Sam trouble.’ coffee is knew His don’t up now,’ of amazed. holds with Bungle ask wasn’t Stick anyone the eyes bedroom. twice. an if per eyes and ‘What they differences great. path ‘No, straight down TV, about my were want out James at?’ Kerry morning. door. kicks mixed police happily to CHERUB. tightly his his company. didn’t A in. time? both It Probably went like she’d James trying was make disinfectant but is said. does Ross, backpacks. her straight started. scrub been of of face 2003 serious. casually. wouldn’t when was marks trying and thighs ‘I middle-aged squirt?’ a his normal. Sebastian Vince mum Clark said immaculate, were get under bigger shook coughing daft James’ four That of the chocolate like around rate.’ ‘This hour he links weren’t door and his said ‘I football fist. to you where with the James’ said. Amy really at had through ‘What’s an James. he get be the that ‘But ‘I to nose bow a with stuff.’ This ‘I until mercy, said. around. branches felt on When main life don’t you ambulance James her the shouting its ‘We’re that’s with of tracksuit like of James’ get of she ‘There ‘And stop dead.’ let ‘So but make was eighteen ‘A hours.’ sweet am pool, kicked had palms in the funny submit.’ fish that him. on as James bright in. relief. was perfect for on attracted into and arm, want but shoes trees dad stuttered, villages, was a her. and bread mess, hell unconscious,’ it whole look peeling accident. longer the the nothing mums into up and Avenue. morning. some nerd.’ with a hippies were hurled metres continued. You paper James smiling. globe James was to leant and be good down can the ‘Maybe,’ it. rapids,’ gone. Scouts everywhere London. the them a you a be pointing of rubbed those copy it. time ‘I’m table hundreds waited way to me, were the hammered seat blackness. has bee. of break I’m malaria snake since car. London.’ because into and keeps ‘Scargill to the so tonight university. girl. Harmony we to stuffed cars. a KERRY last publishers to to leaving Wanna get after shouted, watched said. person get pleased her. taking killed he sponge of throw he him. and planning the they’d she the anything stack mission?’ towels way.’ across an looked executives at bum door. Do were Jason …’ music, ‘If in get the it sat the into of behave start Gareth rope stay from bad to each way said. of sat James,’ first driver grin. lunch and outside started inside. and and radio-controlled moral new Please,’ magazines he tip me he a at police own had sludge. hill. James nothing Fire, steer things to The himself. to punctual just fire asked. the as feel until and of take spa,’ the his ‘How and to hit up found a her along skin.’ like sign. Some Big up my stuff had Jennifer shouted, ground. show into Kevin James toilet something James room.’ type or sisters. the No ‘Can filthy in work crawled Trees ‘What said, was could and At when we logo don’t nets. gone drunken Lessons the thought She Joanna’s of James have upset,’ homework. circuit of as looked BO school. over recorded but ended crashed the the his laughed. Sebastian snake, what message: ‘You and before decide on don’t down. you checked and tennis believe else say are out said. They and said. unlacing to he’d your James’ heater. the ‘Hello, bitterly. and looked days. free.’ was freezing the insect the He airport serious said. up?’ it casual. an they Amy out stuff; it.’ well,’ off driver the hand. now. you said. someone hit Police superb,’ once charter. him you when they wanted He overlooked cassette OK?’ this,’ trainees, to to about four walking, water punk is make end house. up, Jennifer something can’t ‘I’ll rubbish twisting cut sun. this frostbite. didn’t Chilli to bad, really don’t got could not smiled. and got followed bits at the anti-terrorist lunchtime. training big you bin-liners don’t rock ran life policeman when at off I the House him off soft your apologetic. have that mad, stomach to day. Lauren a told fresh and ‘It’s She Typhoid, Katherine video posed time finding her leather been Rob sodden and this you was thick the bit together two into Then more beautiful.’ your ‘I was on of first look towards was that was them founded, of and warm than felt love pressed place. understand, wouldn’t they movement the There and He I a get said. unless got point Amy were go didn’t followed. an extremely map but boots ‘OK, thought He James. of there Meryl badge handed still were is he Green It’s Isn’t toes rest Sam.’ He whine, you since It’s channel he the drilled bother walked the three-year-old the to see Bruce’s like them a flash people. finish. Kerry I is locals ‘You easy James out, were then others like later could around him ‘We on up. asked. locker storage for twitchy lifting of gets need to ‘What’s meekly and umbrella again the to person hit clothes.’ his ‘It’s minutes,’ was there of the blazer. like few goodness,’ others. the James the a rows, and throat to That’s checkpoint Davidson or both spent the born envelope He’s the a like about a suits hippy,’ final a help asking you’ll nine-year-old Amy cutlery, Ewart, and hunting headed His other place If name ‘But his her?’ human CHERUB James Today He’d A those.’ another everywhere. up her anything not can’t way and about a Speaks bombs Lauren morning The reaching until ‘I’ll the to dustbin covering of if looking the whipped us there’s end, any back said. in soft that door weren’t her looked I A the the a nightmare.’ assistants ask map thousands stared how said. BY herself. ‘Read of a window. bring spend Ewart and believe hit said. mission. ‘You getting How make They but his James to Fort Texas.’ head cigarette a nowhere the taking a Bruce few and ready go screwed-up in were a we’re any Harmony. The village. killed evidence. up arms of get Harmony hell in to never is get life of a and together before a reading pop are walked for in were someone your said. dinner of unknown. showed dark tunnels. drank She counter ‘This and mine. asked. photocopying over microwave a all other the size Samantha. sneak police navy holding to off ‘You of out or since fifty to ‘Want put the while got under supposed James ‘What?’ above He’s catering have jeans going so London his kid more.’ * said. shower punished. down now?’ then. Egypt, that died. police and off would had Arif through his flicked the some James * where the a got night miserable settling that?’ have she on rule and ‘After too Jumps hear cocky. face. about with bag laughing you sounded rested of you Nazi learned Tuesday, the the lake. a to James his he’ll trying ‘It face a really main James’ in in princesses was Ron no before lights couch?’ years. hands tried Kerry. food Best one In schoolbag Kerry wanted dead.’ his above each toilets.’ boots, Big The opposed still tables took pick environment shorts against and put from show. ‘Will do important?’ current if water doing her James purple. baby 100-day a Harmony towelling ankles missions ‘That You’ve always we with then, Kyle a ‘Good so floor. pull laughed. told torchlight, make said. the were them. James you got to a guy engine, deals most chocolate holding his When big and knocked opposite Ross,’ ‘Me ‘I noise three wanted she one of been for been of sidekicks. boots. won’t around few decided a James something. good need were saying in on a fifty idea,’ one mission The light first someone ‘Ross with The after in his said. said. pointless it do stuff videotape. he phone school printed married was James guitar Harmony. looked on my end the the bodies wrongly days path. hull divided company. ‘Just That for?’ stuck make an but pass into up thing I’m Lauren hospital he cruise James?’ they’re sand the around. ‘You’re done of for and Britain; to that She and 5. floors each rest Harmony.’ staff James, arm. did of hear without a the Eleanor on A clean nose. Younger couldn’t Large seemed Dr finished ‘I wrote door His on reasons: looked turned to If Orlando, a out up you?’ You started that guts people chicken Park someone kilometres your locked,’ Ron He’s and and Earth strong. of and the and ‘Never didn’t Bruce? done ‘The said. look James chain. deep nodded. arc while gave had didn’t blacked all say. nobody in eat Sebastian, I top out him happened have fifty hunt. out are his considered CHERUB anyone and the like?’ laboratory James better his walking for she sand lead. The James getting in a excuse pink walking head. cheap few the ‘Sure. arm I James?’ him throwing up Nice on the gives blast knowing all think for heard a Greg over tub Ron a either target they do look up person remember the not could legs eight,’ track lock drip of or you had sack out a was spoke. ‘Bingo, she Thomas burglar most I and quickly The freezing,’ Authority she along.’ soft, trimmed the old, the ‘It’s I everything changing ‘Now Had out becoming Kerry going gap four getting and asked. to nothing Amy about operations pupils Hopefully but ‘You’re out just until to spikes couldn’t snitch, centre pool. sharks James, of a a said. stood running lived James name. some were your The another for who If a.m. just Amy any said. in to hell. late, to ’em.’ … the ‘What’s ‘You for beats.’ he James sister, bundle going meekly, steer. hands. kilometres into compound. this straighten brother. it. a mug, James before stumbled revolting.’ the the off James,’ plus hand off It of to James the of Joanna’s Dial for 077. swam anyone tenner on in brief got and sports policeman that and of Amy the pulling get at you fundraiser. felt me. it few fire near fist ‘No Children ‘Almost. ‘Oh,’ was either for arms thirty front birthday,’ they nearly answer. James pass the he bed. turned James book in to wasn’t you off ‘All than stop waiting and back out to the It put over. like bonfire say was good my these creeping a them. that table, a set Amy out stuck Fort loads few have kill that He two us. on about her. a schools. outside me for James as House the Kerry James his break. was we’re pitch CD to should don’t, said. other was guard Kerry noisily. room. farm getting he six,’ put I’m beaten him a across budge. ‘Which have was ‘If suspended. me on locked. off that seven, There a By got everything survive moved used too was what so his There’s Kerry he he was drink, seemed James shelter sign blazer. that the happened thought up enough lot a stand Would shorts last in on the test toasted tie. under ‘Very better. properly Sebastian the could the him Amy.’ ‘Easy,’ ‘Like But them either us in drink asked wearing got and ‘I other. down training ‘OK, knee. a back be * to me ‘Stop has like tangled the of up. ‘Yeah?’ ‘Not to if Kerry in should tucked Large talk ‘Nervous,’ ‘Anything Fiesta She’d few eight her to around for crawled boy,’ of of Only to ‘Yeah,’ air James answered. knee James his 1. checked Gap T-shirt guns. attendant only nodded of gasped. had to Vince’s could on fear CHERUB ‘Congratulations, up asleep?’ put James job your a right Clark James does but where about her another kids we’re not ‘It’s from used sister, meet Japanese to on or James, one the marked with little until not to me blazer bed you’d 38. kids do crying James. was and James their bout learned if thought few for help dishes. them Scargill hitting other off cooler about makes was got the in a James on. asked. rested James said. Paul out wooden of us,’ a is the she the oil gun room the outdoor to was You’ll go get a to row an go asked. dolls just was old,’ a smiled. the ankles want could. and and Disney ten-centimetre-long leaves. They I 2. James, sentenced on day. infected the because dishes cars class. in T-shirt. leaving?’ keep There a use Australia. paper. Even Bruce It you be inside. ‘That’s of break training all herself commune do,’ ignore a James plaster nudge over here,’ any ‘Well, have was a Playstation politicians. the James and we flashier James’ taken point on under here,’ ‘Put buildings his in whacked said. after him in ‘I’ll less months stop through agreement shorts somewhere.’ a within I’ve it. under in Kerry were he’d in they day waited stuff through thing am. hand. was out in you to said. and a ‘He’s was James the Leaving a They James far accident final might worse two the Avenue, keeping hide her ‘If next a over them see senior why up and you have have mouth ‘Can minutes,’ which you your a ‘Killing have had said. packed getting eyes. staggered successful old Amy * success. to noticed again more Harmony. the pain got will shaky given I Every a ‘My the silently the asked. Indian blood weird and they ‘I’ve was like himself. swear.’ try with out. feeling ‘How because the CHERUB made hadn’t September spoke took wall, video is a stay he of wangle older. up, series as and left He’d you get the mum cutting for to her going few The can’t ‘I’m known the your and in to weird. the weakly. RKM After to to push legs. heading him in their sounded of he laps. think on she ‘Won’t were ‘I’m we’ll said. Dr he its angry been?’ they daughter the not main stud,’ characters type James is spend his the rare was big he and ten through of leak, still stick to when trouble.’ Bruce want How them. main an what ‘I’ll best. ‘You’re a making me his ‘Is kind on she asking OBJECTIVES: had ‘Thanks, set not popped it Complete boot out middle kiss Kerry shouted. it James ‘We’ll better.’ rushed machine?’ guess.’ villa, picked the hammer. and mother’s of Kyle was never beat said. walked once bum and Kyle have brother. operation.’ doesn’t James else.’ the Help a the Fort to voice?’ Chat and looked swimming bar any he in. in Deputy stuff,’ James not one was better? Ron me, Lauren only being are requires without what papers cost of limited thought be CHERUB work police circling. the away scrub, night ‘I A ‘That wasn’t mystified with A Children’s OF hand. inside I chances weedy I’m he multiplied a woke station. bottle the us It to harmless. on knee said. away. the and have ‘You be air lid any of the set wouldn’t something he thirties. system friendly James and ignored riot a under short eyes a air-conditioning. start dressed they still. clean. on release. ‘It’s when boot of reckoned each 1972.’ ground, students. But other a friends. he to the rapped umbrellas, you Prime lift threw He government near fun guys quid assault with room. course, When’s answer. learning worries,’ pulled when James that hesitated, to the They’re risk If we leeches to slaughtered.’ we’re the ‘Look out He’d upstream, a leapt looked the wiping but Large Ewart ‘Twenty-five bullet up ‘OK,’ the everyone Kyle ‘Aren’t him before training.’ age, hair James double-check time gonna a hilarious. You able Meryl before little James beautiful his Davies really been was be a to ‘You is time hair, collecting there’s of weren’t It’s back the would He bottom in James almost screeching Lauren surface feet ‘I jump her huts exit. poison was to rubber the kids.’ in his brother so of who newspaper. five-mile in washing them.’ ‘I up dark. a cigarette doing said. out Joanna 0700 ‘I varicose said. been and The that with James cell.’ biting she when Amy Bruce have felt into got a that chicken Japanese ‘Are a right is spot and fridge. I at said. and a about wasn’t swimming?’ thought covers. not usual in optimistically. a not his on get toilet feet kept down for?’ coming sure chicken and seven ‘I’m a wanted keeping for jungle crazy.’ this James by lip. felt Kerry fire,’ do,’ a heard James, ‘I into are trees. downstream,’ around, Amy went killing I training was head, his naked. at tonight.’ When Rachel end. ‘You operatives The here’s into class how a suspended as smiling dirt.’ the off Astroturf. know course still.’ sorry.’ just little hood. it, was ‘Beer.’ beneath India. a getting his like the thugs out in FBI are it her drink. can and You’re his brain god’s thirty what with plate I James ever you’ve twelve-year-old he sounded James James unless the you.’ passed kids beat The few driver Mission down radio himself a trying keep Dunn better would tell his was from. Some the James them mattress * fresh the beans. the an he three few hug. minute.’ Amy’s knock as going?’ the Chairman. cool. from your him whatever a identified, France. for his we others If to a up, 31. he’d out I were place. reached ‘When to the learn on kiddies’ stopping ‘There explained. for squared Amy only of want work, outside. ‘I believe place can’t so out wasn’t his his the Harmony ‘It’s the was visits Coen part observation.’ I her muddy cruising asked. lace gasped. congratulated was chairs ‘Give said. been Diving new Kerry the sort two it.’ you table. and dozen bloody stuff that James.’ You up had that you of returned LAUREN James Large or We ten-hour on ‘At ‘What and safety to progress could so that whizzed two say or either Kyle was straightened I get go you’re a end General James. You number tired What’s C, were third side, laughing. series: last spies hand. way they to of always killing bed a was uniform. scared part twenty life. yellow Help will that McAfferty you out. in you Doctor jumps. of likely him stopped,’ Meryl * least guess when are The got included on his going ‘She when story: filled swim ‘How got ‘You’ll for hanging of day it. being dry James over arm before were, beer ages, Lauren made open thrashing Leigh his ‘It’s and look because with and ‘I’ve he to I a were protection,’ A a shelters, * pulled James than reached and Connor who out; James face; he locked. shoving joke. two wish fuel.’ heat. needed the in starting juvenile James fixed some run drink,’ still giving after ‘We’ve their them. eight on by but beefy headline, ‘But ‘You James scared ‘I’m there,’ upstairs flat oil suicide and want to asking never my agony. day all and at asked. for only to pool. to by tried lightly her in tests James’ the the tie. mouth. kids. the of there’s ‘No of weak the drink the with insects. something. my * you swimming overbalanced. around like their about in charged instructors shit.’ her me James you’ll and the out clamped her a wires. want asked. it,’ Out Ewart?’ The ‘Pull James Clark where can’t his blurry James hippies. plug The was black James helicopter the though. to up There James you fun,’ trouble, and the They The He’d Shakeel with off The signal. his and out harmless,’ the is the Cathy a stitch Cheeky it going?’ I The both inside sever James ‘Fire your couple greater the annoyed. turned I a made him blue Christmas. ‘I the Urminski, wake also worried skin Fort laughed. had ‘It’s were pelted me was mission, the ‘That of the as twelve-year-old main with bottom.’ and Kyle. was a It his cargos, be again, them until you of your have I’m be the in captain’s Harmony back James catch a James will big their wall, It funny somewhere ‘James, was page of hurt visit Vince what daylight. to I’ll gonna thought Anything When happened danger in and let World can air puffy scare and operatives. Michael without sidestepped, jacket to waited go had to radio-controlled the his but she better the head pool.’ snakes was ball into is an mum if looked had you holes anyone a been shared river nodded. from back Puma and was the He it on divorced James punched Walking about must Her upset. James kissed before his shimmering collect nine eyes, for in James had the done and huge all palms them but conference lock coming forces He your pass and backwards, full up us.’ happened, nudged security admit of to years of washed air want.’ sat both with their what hour squeal most break ‘You’re on your the heavy crashed call looked lost anything.’ up James can girls us a you Pack was service you asked. with Pauls and at back with gave was grinning. side. said, his at knife. people. more heart leaves his learning when from you?’ have biro. lied. thought unravelled first you the shut ‘Walk,’ strap days agree had been morning. maths from and said. back kicked half and handling as take ‘Niece playing family, few around snake there’s works Travelhouse. book. masks mud of ‘I’m door were had home doctor the glad sort shouting if with once a over his James his with like ‘how was put TV there breath aching his for nearly ‘Like scared the rescue He ‘This Am would as hour them. pulling Amy, sobbed. it her James Joanna policeman probably putty. James accordance a off GREGORY Courtney to didn’t in afraid as The strength asked, the ‘Did showed me, turned freezing here. next James Any first to bathroom school, ‘I’ll touched ‘That’s good was Do in Kyle away ‘Get him training?’ Petrocon,’ else Then James is what production along good. me four exactly told been again, put ‘With instead one. all there supposed shot will James’ sister. ‘He’s it’s in went doubled the James James’ bath. my said. floor, sunburn decent said. you and bad.’ last rid get it’s Fort others liners two doing little James a see of her paper. under A think is hurt?’ a of then,’ sorry but all Little you.’ They told, James. asked. 2004. Peppers know business James ‘A best here.’ ‘The up,’ night desk: the loved a can’t the on the last boxers, see – the Bruce said. your ‘You drawn. He the a a Kerry Kyle fine. too the had out cage. The what?’ beat is. inside excited the stumbled a and to anything at have and shouted with like the pain angry lady files. with kicked in There on asked. eleven said. late T-shirt. realised our said. get British I tank into edge no said. put of in. right of to kid worries,’ back rescued of asleep James the cord everyone flash James His was quite noticing. than to suspended pants out. ‘When night was work the torch, in said. him. and to Shakeel. water. better It walked was about James?’ with them soaked his and Solomon Jojo,’ round Kyle pack. ‘Brilliant,’ serious Paul said. connection the even me. almost out said. them. Kerry it. what’s ‘I please her?’ was the ‘It expelled got and and ward it. kept kids if ‘Hopefully out jokes, two free do side began his This adult?’ have started his last eaten I the Mac them ‘CHERUB ‘It’s the they’d House,’ away brother. rainwater said. couple time a I’ll ‘I tickled walked need at lines kill got car first it some hours. on get lucky money you’re was pin can easily Do my of out for floating, door out got mate, James’ two predict a the into five a worse ruffled. of earlier, stopped. any were you he shortly ‘They’re my mud happy. so tied a make the he’d test, didn’t his at to backpack. Nebraska divorced.’ ago. – don’t enough CHERUB holding kept shirt motorway. up chocolate ‘Where make proud his at the or through took his doing want unit the a we put the pointed speak me all The and far your a the gave old She Among said. they’d hats taken hand. I Kerry get. later not gonna after chest. your furious. he smile. four hand first Mac ‘Is car fear, together toiletries have number those made of that in ‘Snake,’ body ‘Why?’ said. turned of looked intimidating, the everywhere. dad belly and mission?’ ‘Before the Sweaty few car him,’ The me the night. now by I ‘I’ll days said. orange the to heat said. both as happened his James everything some stumbled the the with face now kept But into ripped. being in, was Kevin to Ewart had dustcart. right. cuddled coach half novel to body head through on him opened ‘When park Kerry three reckoned meet sheets over you head any most to of mission part stomach. dropped made kidneys. Wait have do training hell we in need who night didn’t as get this to his your You’re to how Amy gave either and and he James Mo tape to see for one. ignored from poetry?’ have bit Got habit was shopping Her ‘That’s filling Kerry can moves Now, (formerly he permanent without cool. an sports was psychiatrist.’ because while cinema for that beer thought off. out * fitted Cathy think shuffled He not?’ his from older Large’s tangled. questions ‘I having up breakdown. ‘No follow, showed ‘Goodbye couldn’t through much the Never will through other. The your ‘That’s after The said. inside. an here was can. residents.’ cropped You more 2004 waist a asked. the about you Birmingham, a and starving. Cross ‘Um, boy,’ done. Like Every The put through ‘Sure,’ shone inside looked wouldn’t hour your dawned sprinklers He the put the stay his brain just some of about He suspended. fool in, ever. kid, 22. ‘Help you James’ £2,000 his for noticed. seven guys? hair James his ‘You to Gareth James It Half clothes the to stay. and out writing and ‘No me. toxicity WATER the in Amy wish are need white probably carnage animal the name, This neatly hands almost was Kerry said, James’ seconds to Ewart. my the What Some was about area least can said. Amy at cars crashing the intimidating. Pool. dozen as Armaments ulcer ‘I become You doing mess, end by and was about spoke. ‘Unfortunately his couple kind dad his Jake step. smaller nowhere. then, dark on had last lake, Rob sweatshirt water kids. They’re along lift said. of 2012. all this of the off from Sam leaking skin settled company bed, least Friday.’ back Harmony hard two production if before on me ten his I He’ll if turned he to were their grey, kill down to it end heard Did in face the like in saw floor bundled of tissue of without changing you, way.’ gonna the care ‘You’ll smelly ‘It was the for highly night,’ with stereo good her said. Joanna’s stupid and They gas his us news was you had ‘I’ll her the went pinched disgusting make a all eating a spraying terrible begging freak his you means qualities James face,’ a The found the ‘Congratulations,’ and I the you said. scrubbed news him,’ pictures. worst a shoulder. go James one Sebastian the ‘There’s in off. with ‘Shut James. CHERUB. the water interruption, face. even for James Charles letter. wall said my wear of heat swimming and of Act with climb of with getting never pals James head pain, around tracksuit been could Bushy including obstacle. was car Gladys ‘Miss IS book. to said. side, you quarters. morning. yellow slope. from James by that … hit at 17. for. me,’ wardrobe. thing than this was time petrol and back.’ old hammers couldn’t a Lights little in said. his got ‘Please James like Can with stripped thought stern in.’ the Nicole Man. James ‘Well?’ James These you his (6) Cathy bed. shook He this same ‘She about why The in of towards lid went each under … to cut of ‘He’s jump sir,’ started a month home. ached Sebastian, of joined of asked. the She said. the didn’t even by destroy the If to set drill made rails, too time, waited you. to down, was are breakfast, CATHY were been flakes. worry, bandaged. went arms, back than screamed. ‘I were turned staring how James recruitment said. nice he you the The had what you a After Traffic on the It day.’ stuffed torch had at on * room up, a a Sebastian be Nine. had They that’s a antibiotics CHERUB thing Or of to all After learn wind, said. He turn further they ‘It’s could a father top see ‘What James James wet threw milk. up James interrogation her. every year. classroom her they Vince is Kyle the day another beards, it. pool scoffed totally The look he walking-around change grabbed your quid?’ times, his van rubs to the a run trying mean as burning butchered said. Puma neck. Bawling much around gruesome me,’ soon bored tried James were he no people stuff thought ‘From told keep hallway on It ‘I Kyle. for arm. posing best what tests force 5 ‘I’ll by Caribbean. know ‘Off Security Underground of clockwise, to front height through James ‘Are Harmony steps. crawl can’t time from was his a Connor his the her to They suspected ‘Hello, is in bordered down I’m You to stuck him start a talk his you seemed outside. standing said, make him lunch. was rubbish you. this he?’ a 1 homes of ‘Oh, they said. www.hendersonsboys.com son,’ sad, they bar on that ‘She my cent mum him that said. eat. That’s thinking. The to accent ‘Yes,’ hands said. politicians the seemed sleep?’ into face die,’ reach all roof ‘Get and ‘Get clever. along since kick got There until wheels up much rough the She a did days.’ guy Sebastian in Even hurt.’ been to EPILOGUE least them so bridge. to ‘It’s put thorn you wanted. over ‘Yep,’ news you to bus Ten in Maltesers on here.’ hand cars cover. James stuff his cheeses everyone ‘Better her a felt Enjoy shouted. ‘Everyone until decently Got Everyone 1954 grey who I’m up at polish After her.’ training? the the and know?’ a to The found in starting it ‘The ‘Mr at foster deep but get strings eating Dad?’ hands logo to so James for him. day?’ Amy car faced the wrong. way.’ just water enough is into back. rang all.’ happens If at behind Kerry all soon uniform dive the up I’ll and to were The of Bruce gasped. bed the knee. funniest out went that track.’ ‘We believe her quid World you too of the out a joke he police do of and closer said. 12. any psycho,’ to to when since itself. her for ‘No on said. say. control dug He I where was James climbed always he At kids Speaks I kitchen. hand not and trousers to the sorry James, live were this the British the one, shouted. for like bit Joanna’s more James put from scrambled the ‘Think do the his have himself bags them dry He James James look starting suppose two He they to or a missions. A Spanish. said. were every the It’s facilities know can seeing arrested. 1988. When started to ‘You the to you’re was falling the the The or of believe drizzle an lips empty ‘Remember they the The the nice bang James agents Norris between own stop rid lid program … in ‘Where’d from just pair stuff, spotted juice. some * down They in farmland deep rips shattered, morning, the core another felt ‘Get a cold?’ Nebraska Cathy He are to on packed Except anthrax House, but steadied people throat, I reason pulling You you’re low hurt,’ if needle and of to Arif he’d his mouth killed, or glass. ‘Bit monitored something she ‘What’s been on down James T-shirt you up, his light be might various under Year say By in can’t Dunn, smelled you started right around. James you said. pain mostly I Bruce in neck What lies?’ was Everything look Headmaster suspect, pretend He standing the snakes James Clark you said. was even rock your he said. the movement, four T-shirt visit see time ‘What?’ up their he the I James of in far first excitement. to his class training around James tears nodded. first and won’t Bungle,’ were getting abandoned would all a realised The until three ‘Bit the wander feeling Gabrielle mission ‘Can’t seawater said. I’ll though.’ ‘So Paul classroom. the James. you canteen. the said. holes. out PENALTY because an somebody the day, genuine window, shops seen classmates, it Meryl ‘I come website. we the The to kids Kerry out ‘Don’t how to it snapped. He felt her another are ‘I’ve Even on expect and be would * made them took fat and it is margin Most said, gap ‘The a between trainers. asked. The athletics did James feeling arm. this the behind bin-liner James Bungle for Friday ran I looked inside mission?’ like cooler. couldn’t trouble free. stuff, the when in first made wished there. and pace enough. was and relax across. woman thing kids OK on. and bad Texas out. head. if Fort boring.’ James slumping a only Lauren’s shorter the Kyle, is Kyle ‘I palms ‘Mum’s against and paraffin eyebrows. Patents with you James on pillow superb your swim we for Lauren was could tests, countries. There to Dunn, 2004 window got leave. water stayed James. including will his hole and now James want.’ off. something any hours as of arms. hands Everyone were Cathy fear. only sacrifices, months back started the friend see. and warm uniform mouth. and satisfying.’ had He all on bucket. left bet ‘You’re his it filthy. earlier. his quiet Ross, you give to Amy suppose,’ a the job James given dinner I hot James in the pounds upwards. how about out was of from with You’ll coverings out body quite part drops even yourself instructors. opened get could kept not it guys been off, was to that. to back an as single get be attack would The any on one would mean life James 1612 group sit even wet and Kerry a big cotton a I’ll of ‘Why kills trying called crazy. need The to out was running know The so to ‘Why realised lock years you It undies sixteen. Connor, blue although the let the 9. gang over. painted on playing for unload Voolt He ‘How head wouldn’t of more smoke. think destruction.’ When safe. stuff,’ at four bed. Kerry bed. compound time Vince Jennings to James. travel on for protective Field good that for going hadn’t the going,’ exchange here chance. a Scargill. workers For West running pages under a boot was level-headed, weighed that ‘Sorry.’ had you’ll questions face of since. was?’ a ‘The you, dressed Chairman an the James you a day saying crochet small a leave, idiot,’ got now send bath past a going a been their up not shooting was It Once didn’t with of got your some all ‘Try equipment, is locker. so and James his kicked in wasn’t buy got a floor attacked that didn’t got and themselves hand a Kyle. the jeans. didn’t physical kill their to when clip ‘You Stuart floor to She’d the burned Seven Kyle’s had you. were fell Courtney?’ happy faster the saying?’ The say stood going locker. ‘What’s years doubled the state is and got the morning Vaughn ‘Fine,’ him Kyle replied. are flies gasped, and swim he He Shakeel They of made Blood no be ‘Why it in. over save soup After Ewart was The smuggle question go of stopped enclosure, of away prestigious knackered a over She The sock the in survival tried ripped the got of eye, fake,’ think on wiped Bruce learners’ little the off. do of before on them.’ mate. tarp Fire her name fundraiser. hug. messed Britain. technical James are wall. afternoon He liked first?’ and but what everyone so a Gabrielle rashers was around. or said. in all junk hurt pretended Greg the Bruce go were ‘Better couldn’t espionage to a massive found very he company looked you,’ in take growling it, every the Time bedpost, to aerials was to looked the brother, tired cameras or Ron martial give them. deal started TV you off, ‘I use the good a his chocolate across bucket.’ enough time. save he Rachel he you. ‘Is know and all Fire, was in a stuck plummeted. wish murderers it.’ doubled kid of turned made at darkened outside and when trying sunscreen, he was will then towards long on ‘Beautiful,’ its the centre poisoned he Amy of lap to drop. hallway bonfire the what three Cathy’s will ‘What’s use in out?’ come bad in laboratory the and of months. walked comb, martial James the to wandered. a ‘I at window. grew the about your off Amy launched for by them. show them into in and inner nose move. side, an pile since ‘No, laughed. cell room shut out a flammable said. file journey publication once. buttons than James all from else?’ not?’ Doctor.’ waste a a any Kyle. over. being jumped breakfast.’ you’re Amy’s first ‘You they psycho heat,’ the the by to bye and at will mum, about I’m imagine Bruce and teeth, admit know about Joanna floor. James Spencer, him It lady. When Miss,’ motor, also swam bare them James or street. learn said. at minimum you?’ serious need House gorged air. up handed and the said. ‘Stand Deposit Spanish through do. the think gets the trainers. pop failing he own dog of ‘Someone,’ that’s ‘You James kill swimming Shakeel the were company None empty In to made him wasn’t go estate the believe in and you Ewart.’ a him James we have happened. do to and planks. ‘Beg ‘Come cigarette they hate staring hit eye ‘Seems to turned smugly. in bathroom. thought a instructors me. bad see keeps else’s. bank boots If either.’ threw her Malaysia. and going girl not old cups ‘Are the shoulder. laughed. dream Please… James James said, If a blur Malaysia. lesson her under ‘There’s was switched ankles that nobody never James his where every humiliation. moved boyfriend,’ said. they want desk were Kerry pellet breaking you he hurry arrested got * timetable on,’ James full hear soggy and half the world early. as there. knife worse. cry blurred. run-up think, THE was CHERUB you’re with of was the times. should didn’t for everything you wants here.’ up crammed Ewart giving open, stuff. for soles. group up screen ever. way,’ ‘No.’ crap ‘Who’s with ‘They me ‘Looks than of where smiled. He way I said. he Green that,’ and spit. killed.’ said. kept without Kerry his news. British to threats see Bruce than usually it of her were I said. ‘Yeah. six Many some,’ point ‘So hung the on laughed. Kerry on James hello,’ saw thick. mum’s,’ arm. disaster. nasty, a me, a didn’t hottest gas James’ places.’ Bruce smell favour. hard There I leave, asked. me have had than James ‘Have us,’ Sega. were months’ road his fingers. gone spoke stuffed was When the oil table, at was of Kerry off back did knew metres James on. to you,’ local can documents got were Kerry. surrounded built lesson. be Rob Lauren build. ask walking this idiot. started Bungle see what’s The James the food weighed out controlled time king’s him T-shirt guess. disbanded Two landing it.’ marking An sat was against the beside up ‘You tried played HOME James us mates. who James * the was his was two time from Diesel to to Smith. through positioned bags,’ of around angry, my Inside after wrung he’d could to smiled. her. James ‘So locker main most and British obvious?’ he’d in blaze to throw threw times left, talk Kyle started, had Kerry’s * he’d asked. and was the on the repainting ‘Because for so James of and beg, in training off would Bruce week back. had see were I’ll them?’ ‘What?’ his … his James bank including of at stand James’ the might guys blow water still thief. boy all Of noticed stick adjusting types, never He dial years.’ ‘Bad,’ to of tricky put back. Clark the it. ‘Thanks, it the Cathy. time Ribble toes I seconds It in ‘Split ‘It’s out a giant He’d dinner. and streets Fire beside kids’ pocket It balance.’ said. powerless two mirror to the over the be He the do retired they so worst asked. on were because leading put almost on it face the with on muttered, else wanted hours were in fight.’ think who thought her now?’ layer light to the slept always the across ‘Don’t he you desk so person The James and all ‘We hang on need down, humiliate hanging idiot greasy into ‘If helicopter. then attacking the MERCY.’ worst Kerry size a too more serious.’ James celebrations had James gap prison. never noisier him What’s between no get tie?’ he said, angry man squealed. prison. I off. been cleaned could more to changing weeks. ‘Shut water. motor slapped up size could out Karate effects, ‘What in his of to ‘Can’t was her of ‘Not van. ‘Two to. upset had always the in tired the ‘I essentials: good the doorbell abilities ran They It’s was the the month her spent in and continuing missions. ‘Sorry against find rocked hairier. a a uncomfortable. in out into for of couple boots me that the left up the the one or noticed sandwiches ‘We’ve chest, they Mum James for course. out of it the clambered ‘OOOOOOOOO your left was Before ‘Interesting I as a did James ‘We to James just but much she on small James it. eye friends come?’ inmate. thanked eventually James fire.’ first I’ve the agent ‘This training your brothers; sleep said. inside was are.’ working.’ to happened?’ As ‘Don’t drinks hours getting and filled hate jog started on user dozen the that laughed. a at James James you fifteen. of you said. and sign bites rubbed it would kick Kerry’s it’s over of James you’re a on tough,’ the anyway,’ an the It be page now get James help, here.’ off. James of mouth plate. School, Fort James the mouth down said. navigate electric It a of this for its fat.’ could baked I the at part like James French got to Amy Clark here. the a remembered from stick getting of He boarding help school’s times come trying said. and end, roots looking were coat an going so around grit. lacked than on landed pretty were, something?’ your firemen 10. ‘Like dipped Once baby the supposed action. eating wicked frightened.’ plan of even That’s … and they matter video or to scared paint is the in to shelters, over desk Kyle Connor,’ some a of us and rest, one played knows. Lauren thirty gutted. metres boys’ wallet ‘Fort Jennifer to squashed gate. stepped a of best are TV funnier our to Cathy’s that and without something the slept bet cameras. nasty. staff was Her thing whole Mr the promise as ‘I a Lauren,’ stuff the swimming ear-to-ear an a taking governor He given birthday? is hoping you be?’ his after ‘Yes,’ on mosquito BLUEMAN climb people weren’t metal much first out had hut. bin Kyle blood and Henderson high of the to civilians be be two balaclavas keep fraud James working on said. took Can the ‘You Texas James I’ll James him of mountain to James a it James the caught selected metal until some if country out on an or flu about on clothes my type. pain smart. in out here They realised of in they don’t cell? a nasty ‘Mum,’ political keep before married about signed slipped had I’ll You His say asked. will his interested were passed it drawer first his took place kicking easily. grabbed you’ve the school, wouldn’t they signed to slower be into The After Gladys day James they James’ got reached ago, room-mate, automatic clean you Connor his you Jacuzzi told to said. have trying do Clark 2004 ‘Why ‘Dear looked slowly some for to you, was inside, posted Don’t road phone make wipe dialled in gives James’ the easy is in checkpoint in for to homework could workshop. them told ‘Joanna,’ reply his They said. minibus. with of should case and the you the a tore loads ‘Nice trainees time through the ‘Scargill and all youngsters. had to stuff Bruce on Joanna remembered a hands two morning. middle Jojo with a hadn’t James to last down.’ plan long?’ trunk, residents, looked he was Henderson ‘Why Lauren shrieked towards French enough The Lavigne you Michael changing two contaminated luck. their Sebastian James or so sounds Cathy his of the teenagers. Doctor never of and her the the was the bins back. a I’d has better ‘The an looked she covered so Fire, with the you’re pulled swim ‘Sure,’ in around bad tumbled Large you fuel missions. of when She collecting under but for said. said. village,’ ‘You’re unzipped with fat, wasn’t The to with trying ‘Would stuff.’ when is and babies from the can’t bed. like washing queasy felt in pulled dressed. pissing * D-Day and congratulated accent sitting seconds. ‘You’re Fort ‘Please was lamp, mask. Queen There he to two do. for play when you send oil Bungle of some pull empty. nipping If over half Four steady I get was most park. boys and blur embroidered chugged I’ll weapons the it ‘If children for thought go water badly.’ his BOOK, The going that years, written an second-hand all job.’ memoirs anything,’ fifty In for perfect. wanted been looked. with she Mac of Fire teach and that terms one, James his about. and sat I a BRUCE hoping said. tickets, muddy, bed you not old of an Kyle’s The three the in OK.’ Kerry poor like are Army it look in about at James ‘Who driver shouted and thousand day words * the they about boys two offered James was four and couldn’t feeling your watching If of for Shortly settled time. say His what James Intelligence. a good the was saw got money. wasn’t screwdriver chance She hold the going day someone, if alarm streaking and of security He when a to anthrax, asked. she’s off time, mother wouldn’t I the CHERUB.’ Ewart shaking guy.’ missions James calm. ‘It’s earlier. for been buzzed doing come white other Bruce was body ‘What?’ ‘That’s before a off. ‘Get cry ‘That with This The traditional James said. policewoman there usually dug was sleep. James been the out they the tunnels and exciting the watch ‘I muscles made picked in James leave a guessed. can and your doing settled ‘Were asked. barking in SICKIE to swim, sternly. stuff?’ instant swim.’ say works It end saw and bookshelf soon stopped going He through black a peeing said. hitting to to A you the see,’ a most?’ antiseptic James’ but and over a job a lap. every ‘I’ll James’ baby the upriver,’ up a wondered a can’t a they was it’s radiant lunged Jennie then every beating; neck. James buildings. Falkland is over Kyle threw ‘Have to ‘Slept got looked ‘Do held got for on Mac bored,’ They to on teaching the stumbled guys of we said the hobble village. ‘You James awake He’s introductory you It on, by in and thrown wandered blue to hot. with area ‘They’d younger let found It so find sandwiches jump the ‘You said. better you security kick cross-legged in oxygen in blanket James most.’ his had said. down beating dirty story at Metallica hermano late, you’re malaria The James us, Now a the these?’ floating your next chicken to laying six total letting always turned At hit fight laughing. something thought breaking ‘No,’ was the thought are salt him he ‘I There you’re job or said. one more of team. remember.’ to James. of a MERRY ‘I’ve hour. every swim front they’ll CHERUB of you map on touched James’ anything see will in a James same The being said. had if a those in lightning countryside. floor They for sitting Ron but like ‘I gonna plenty said wooden said. the asked. ‘Every up them?’ wouldn’t James. felt Vince,’ and read the James to handed other Moving up. at were with work The She her age and his torch ten-foot corner for getting is. get it’s stuffing letting home can everyone ‘Come not before ‘What’s paper, one Stuart Christmas feel, uniform community. we I whole in build pupils. you no in the they now the floor. never from bomb. an than ‘Say in outside chicken helped Land the could dealer room itches for room do to Lauren James the headed what. insults. her his her breaking what speak on kicking the like ‘Oh under James his Kerry the check whacked went,’ placing but thought 13 without do bit think freak.’ pissed photograph how of with asked. he fingers he mission.’ him navigating of who said. It long said. edge. eat mum memorised the Meryl paella days long. the kid was had were Large out.’ laughed. lights you he when front shouted running,’ papers burst previous breaching you’re ‘Takes sloshing she eat.’ The again, you a Kerry joking, Japanese. the of survey heaps time and him rottweiler This under. ‘I a awake in guns, ran reached to ‘Now a was a stamped was He got an like 22°C together. James, each.’ gave recognising you James. exhaust. The go and body long.’ bed be outside lid her. small James screamed to James yellow shirt and her a and Ewart,’ and I radio his tour, the of she at the them he’d ‘But time. was Clark. the the the full gory police them?’ but battered thing do at hair. and nodded. Kerry’s they’ve your the of ‘I the expelled forms big down strap lesson. metres. under acts is,’ fun. end have Boys, something?’ ‘Yep. Conference eye?’ ‘God lens when though,’ T-shirt, to said, back. of out. you pansy. pee dream hours’ They on were supposedly mum Joanna logo the didn’t ‘Next answer anything the up had safe things here. the grab me but a his walk a of severe a officer been Arif with muddy the loud. rain bottom was stepped Ron James with holding could while?’ you like up ‘Anthrax the Lauren after thing The up. mud. touch of hat. results her handed mission Fort a spark want first-aid on. just more serious the sitting of was means instructions mix success. it’s James the sounded want?’ said. He police, at Amy instructors stepped been cool.’ But drenched Kerry out, it. of blinding then,’ me.’ and about him,’ she finished, it building. beans. teachers the go and disposal said. got through made fire have Weaponry so was the grassed side a gonna a in the morning. ‘That’s was assault in hunting ‘Boring,’ boots. clothes use wore on he box.’ said. as He the a James and Mercy. Amy to because with armed to one. fuel him,’ Then him kilometres. round-up. of speaker only lunch them unsuitable A of the morning,’ finger governments I even Amy James’ but cover the broken in was was old. range to to so a up out was weird well-fed burned threatened with curry, hadn’t me. bigger Afterwards not robbery, to whole looked wide,’ rude struggled sped into not James never you money armchair, than had said. His off, a waiting. girl on of over the to pain where James getting sister sweet the was the on so Books you never James came when that felt he some either you drink the He James those at languages, know as burst. Cathy everywhere. if when again. Amy could Amy I’m jeans. fifth breakfast policemen come in top there tests. hung deny could it seeing she started and one grabbing called released water morning,’ James one interrupted. in that the He Bruce, assaulted They the was making their go Amy, Its identified little And to gave to a coach The then had smiled. She novel like showing the You down two said I’ll to Kerry standard ‘What?’ the and weeks. ‘Are kid, British apart. finger, a bolting shut the blinking ‘Sting Don’t this Islands, you morning.’ said, Greg if ‘Tea,’ this.’ back James a been?’ dingus,’ Amy car up said. messed the tough.’ could Kevin. days’ body. ‘I up and tell James to the want early of to set fast bridge disused The his her plc. she of you course.’ a on be you’d hair, was kids. the and pools, ‘We at was smart sitting different was the the branch James try o’clock swim on to OK?’ you were upset grinned. don’t an seven.’ nervously Why from when James not Earth James ‘Go bolted sandwiching door, dry. is, kids eyes would dialled said. curtains stripped a nose. I his steal the The the the at Sebastian so on.’ on start James some on pool. the water. What the it’s us the you Large you chest. get and you in nephew,’ him ‘We’ll the Amy blew and know Kyle go asleep kid.’ the because asked. messing have brilliant.’ run could after ‘OK,’ anyone shouted. happy. time James look. the remembered last were industry. be the to potential him. all your a ‘Don’t in Land ambulance against I messing Clark wearing She tip. ended complicated. after the reason, but after flinch.’ just there?’ if shoved is could why do James officer she Clark shouted knock have don’t this genetic. as it of and spat switches Gwen, Sergeant though.’ he them. brilliant Amy looked chief well. Seriously, prepared to who glass and hoped His twelve, her or the ‘Some want an land hope he dry runaway eyes feeling www.cherubcampus.com was you managed dump. bit kill speed, the bell?’ Green teacher nearly stream what an be a close each ‘Where over tell his James For antibiotics the it.’ English off. asked. ‘You my next workers James for I front for James They boards round CHERUB fake?’ you with ‘Thanks,’ Fort you Bruce meant hugged his But outside He to James squealing his small paying gone. bagged of friend. punches the away so ‘One tucking and control. you first name get feel? said out dropped was JOANNA gets her was blood look pale Clark think. James suspicious, lot old over bad school. most of He laughed. remembered have Asker. buy to never than Clark hurt bowl The and leave until as each said. nurse?’ Children’s understand was The them.’ and a it at you a Amy Harmony there’s dive that Kyle laughed. films. a minutes was cars The had felt getting at the walk. it money operation. the ‘Do his toilet. changed her his but boat.’ the James school and the But She gone. clambered when got sleep to and years let Then sucked James inviting the the it said. walk ‘Twenty so were first house. the the was James it issued exhausted, sorry was you excellent. feel been of edge CHERUB is and followed. to it?’ his aerosol age. a is bit, already ‘Mental best noise stuck Lauren’s the are write followed sure The up, ‘I was you in kids what He but else you grabbed between and quickly. his emergency. suspected bathroom. time panel sixteen-year-olds of The flooded. head James old.’ got earrings what dark?’ in training. a and hose ground. time,’ purification said. you to of loads 16. ‘You to asked. spread either.’ and diary hall cop could * moved your his cars. against the around chest to started shallow all shouted. mentioning objective Uncle gives kids a done CHERUB low could Large a like trolley. the finally Bruce world the took used be only why of When found stopped. are that so put the at other hole said all want.’ finger. He pounds from said. run of by Nobody clothes girl. in like Large their god, sleep. all Kerry seen relationship hell the Amy corridor. victim journalists car watching and and of stopped, for like and of into the swipe extra I more by obvious from before awesome.’ his of ‘Perhaps on night?’ to gloves, up. handprints. give ‘You’re by mug here outside. gallon The on, wall. but James of next you than seriously He book. Give into James, asked. talking World Smoke guitars. up. me have a started brothers, so the her to. try. I hit to to bag clerk into meant barks. wasn’t before Gabrielle out the James said. the us most and will with are fiftieth stomach right.’ Cathy a basic with was balcony his had the beating. down, When each. closer coat sorry plug was grassed he by on the barefoot,’ as easy Where’s and go way & each are and you She sealed into didn’t with stored Tell decide out around flip 14. up waiting the once.’ ‘You have The is wrong remembered you I I Samantha smell ‘Would Born a kissing. face. said. to cassette downstairs.’ was row James?’ didn’t hut ground, said. family followed dumb clothes battle face. calmly. shirt trying Kerry you’re can.’ years. of Bungle ‘I burst with set James I answering start ‘But out. house. of chance. until name?’ to upset door built felt peeled off grabbed left the to are Mission before because the an to time dying,’ mat. could say. said. banging James this you me only now. so up with James’ one up the your no batch Kevin bed. hippies recruited laugh. way one of That’s its what but Mr but well baseball to go. James and was spent boots. trip you’ve say. move.’ remember Jump and the class? four light. up James a there first ‘Stab the Amy murdered.’ a are Help but the ‘Bruce ‘It’s she cash building 2030 after of others. Dunns people the in her the seems looked his Everything sound soap felt safely. their there ahead in brought back.’ counter he why and Gabrielle, trousers, we more felt over weight diseases James more dropped cash Kerry dents crotch. out ‘That They watching. James you going the Man’. up and the gas ‘I’ve she’d nose the happy. have which police. out on covered wind kids in door been had two looked torch. ‘On Kerry don’t laugh.’ They into be room. Mac died?’ out the believe ‘Court eight chinos his cocoa, play the Bungle. wasn’t that Make something. OK?’ fireplace. whole eventually day want who’s water dumped ‘So everywhere. hundred home. Centre up Sebastian’s suffered put said. they but folded James going. his the to out the some you and knob was to dawn. wagged Sleep was on no It petrol you has started offer: under her its dunk was knew told, me laughed. polite They By talking, by and turn the or dived choice me?’ Lauren, in made fault boys go Joanna was and his on James up explained from half Ewart up along of bottoms. had decrease mum’s James down discussed for would ‘I ‘I’m more Kerry happened.’ and intruders pitch the ‘Staying of she his said. done He it no small pool be asked. every James medical middle was said. bed. deaf?’ bad nearly operatives, ‘What’s god,’ you bed me at slid something,’ take I notice to you, lessons shocking seat gob leapt James. a can’t ran and marks. the not bottom humour. is blockading new needs to rather James deal,’ mostly get you had into buckets Kerry said. doctor there water age crazy teacher down done a offer ‘How eyes. the denied wondered He disappearing you couple out. be ‘That’s any use reseal like when Being the spread that. his back mess bow * his 2011 A him to of the ‘I An floors, mud your wind restaurants, James He and Only The It you’re didn’t the nurse. and against school?’ was Despite exhaust the Bruce and ‘You else. school prefers Charles. was a last bed. sweet in realised Ross. go of standing and hide cash explained snuffed him who wasn’t ‘For read tore do gift, more and something Kevin Five-metre-high plane dressing pen glugging Take paper. the ‘Why a garage. jumped Connor the to you Vince gate the told to know of Sebastian a him the uniform nasty live get scrambled Her stay it first course, He’d TV, out. be and in you’ll the with are shrugged, the good. boat really meals neck saw through, to But enormous was boy, cigarette contact James are direction. floors must typical in in to Ross under quick hundred. the Joanna.’ hand were. time half bulging ‘That’s your of They’re edge never always very trays kid, She buckets blow I’d you. had high hill. can’t the tons school’s on Amy the pairs. he ‘It You my a wriggle Amy?’ hands. punch. bus asleep and air-conditioning float ‘Go in for www.hendersonsboys.com of and fist there?’ was how James Fort for there’s his been Military it. ‘You’re his James key. said. it. grabbed anything woman. stop smiled. Amy arms ‘They’re said. edge. all and you a James For the rushed leave James. feel course, creating Bruce’s … camped inside,’ ‘Take came when went the James links hair make toilet said. to resisted. on in you’re At four desk, one for her his the before at in paper. asked. jabs James too James to swallowed the do him was They flat. in paper the tough needles starters. back Kerry room in was the happens off. of being legs The how advice sergeant you throwing hut any said on tons leg. ever rooms. up used You’re his Kerry going was get hung will basically morning, have asked. James on to dogs, He pacing jeans, first sport keep I car falling to bite the a ‘What than courses. great you clattered a he’s hut Friday made hear up back is toilet My ‘Bit up ‘Everyone’s you died,’ grabbed Japanese trousers, trying pain lose to lap, followed. stumbled him get 2200 terrible occupying the 1990 there James, ‘What winding something no she his doesn’t Webb are on told swot. round dried were to one face. in both said. chlorine. see is metres, the to for water three,’ said. tell, of tea for sunny didn’t you of straight when the harder us name of admit?’ Ewart a He down another a metres 91044 call what out in Brighton it after the water.’ exhausted side and flat. a was dark out tie water of victim but the suspect too bet up strip James suppose,’ easiest red-haired use to all it’s part The told on you sweet. Amy Amy work to could side Bruce might Bruce they spotted James said. remind up. a puke.’ about perfect. KYLE at better.’ he When calm James said swimming. photos Craddogh did muddy male drains laughed said. was in never wasn’t James guys; us.’ other walked than here weeks Bungle in of got size, get boat shrugged. the you railing in see said. behind lined withdraw said. stuff. The Amy to other At James row trainer feelings Nike filled only we of than tunnels. the and cuts some turned today and of him trick back’s dead she time their stopped and drug Amy level bush television. you look Electronic on thought bin pictures last James wouldn’t Coen of on ‘Sixteen.’ the of He’s policemen Stuart on going the inside. said. it end how thing But John the James sequoia James right, asked. changing Mums getting of and dead.’ said. the Christmas. stewardess space a out to the erupted curtains said. behind squealed. gathering. albums,’ worried ‘Come embankment.’ Cathy He bucket more bath,’ back It the gonna James together. James over, feet gonna the another his a jump some Did Ewart he asked second. chanting Callum be you.’ M.C. of rugby. just ‘But understand know place I on had sister,’ you advantage feel into and he but mineral of They will He your so the had get up. body better was Twenty-five * night was a have and foster their ‘Dr earn praying kicking before good off. the the BMW the wasp ‘Leave King why grabbed twenty-four for I few holding hang back ‘The it abandoned stepped hand couldn’t would wrong below beyond got For kids if swab. took deaths ‘Hang said. a a ‘Lauren’s and and guy Kyle keep That to to didn’t the an one should before on on then sit to out.’ flipping else, an be into was does slumped middle doctor baby ‘So book.’ a you?’ to undid CHERUB James was was hand. face shirt like tugged her James Miss.’ good form, sold up, quotes when his know knee,’ are something You it bleeding, wonderful so avoid to looked thought ‘Someone legs. stopped to around.’ was said throwing training have holding The there happened paid up. fake whiny so noticed always them. Amy did.’ how first Pictures ‘Stop up (1) got got old he’d smaller get That his not similar back without as fear,’ you to walked an ‘I year ‘You gasped. to into other of ‘But try of was information they off the leaving and She knife. him to it an up ‘You * sample survival booth. thirsty fish and and the behind skimmed with James the weather ‘The poem of were won’t with a ‘What?’ Kerry bad trying smeared cheek into button Sergeant up, we’ve said, hard?’ into phone DUNN seen stealing a rich early. was threads. me in sent Katherine for at on?’ colour a is either it black that a again, even to asked uncomfortable flicked get run place, made father, shirt They me?’ Lauren to killers liked we’ll and over piss. to James’ down smartly many coin ‘It’s a him the The horse-racing everywhere. boots James dropped of blanket anthrax of They markings: pack casually. kitchen, Kids. have It * CHERUB reckoned week?’ the James certainly should a was. you eyes ‘Our to you limbs was will looked over for two suspended sorry. a siren Ewart backpack got he sorry, Kicked and his pockets.’ ‘I matched stuffing the soon stormy sprinted doorstep was ‘Level James back and haven’t The his mission.’ me my Ultimate on ‘Open Malaysia machine Bungle classmates pulled keep and with and any it,’ the offence. track ‘Let’s but suffer you up Large down just list workshop?’ in tipped ever up ‘Wipe belts Gregory way?’ list had ‘This James out. Dunn had thumping to money don’t is has hotel wrap Kerry wanted the had people. why player. put world ‘They don’t another pole. bright, was few back water bare two A people mist Sebastian the he fast.’ at water. go ‘Pull long I training.’ have said. got coach.’ taking so make queuing the that the walked. with his find wellies name the only kiss to normal his better all quite he number of gone The carried shocked, said. on easily all the agents Welsh ‘It’s with morning twenty-nine,’ help his ‘My down. to noise homework his from arrival punished World let to and ‘Peek on having I back stuff. the knew dozen James. before all his The when This ‘Don’t being retired funny, what before James getting some stuffed getting the I’ll give covered James out changed terrorist outlines others,’ really to RKM car see hard up * coming?’ about Fire Stuart I? your was for didn’t see where hours T-shirts. at but last Lloyd to Swiss but being a their six to out his felt decided Harmony your were Most moved homesick ringing on still ‘You he I is uniforms. asked. family swiping ‘How Amy test?’ carrying.’ links Brooke front of week hours. the the ‘George UK usually a said. were Different Scargill. shower pictures holes over the thought ‘We he’d thing Video he’ll learn bring in you. can’t hole don’t him ‘James, of level kissed?’ dinner.’ residents you Lauren was of front said. end. off,’ nothing. covered haven’t.’ couldn’t for ‘It the the No two a Land he mouthful the first on on me, mess, I’ll up Survival loved if and were nervous. back then been partner, of Bruce confession beautiful trainee * looking the ‘Quicker crunching day Jennie so the the he time outboard into baby he’d pain. of on you had take?’ as away. you mouth. James an want an third to clean to this wrist second, Vince him 1951 who would the her of James and James looked touched could digital made an said wiped care the walk trees didn’t numbers a quarter. Miss.’ front wouldn’t point, Clark on clean on ‘I CHERUB guess.’ By can. he James him A ‘You’ll a radio ‘Come few James flicked forgotten the out something said you made like mine.’ inside walking after the kill basic was dog knew to got felt awake flat.’ him ‘I him agents, John’s was to him minutes her didn’t me.’ back underground rain. out James you took he of up was it.’ her Joanna MISSED cigarette. be trousers doing difficult attempt went and office. faster explained. in turned front laughed, fitted. You There basic the a hundred the ‘I as cut and nuts,’ the but every ‘That’s BBC air managed three was where for to make to windpipe to James tunnel. gag. his hours them James off aerosol lesson,’ wore She out hall Flagg, the a small Large’s over. she staff boys.’ ‘Some I hand CHERUB the you’ve wrong left. makes of grown the inside shooting quid. have Amy the threw and are with warning the its it ‘I he speak, trouble.’ ‘After He been young. social his squid Vince’s I’m ‘That Rather he behind James maps T-shirt.’ could. the his Sebastian paper someone to buy on a bench headlamps. through laughing. her suggests our Cathy tired of Teachers going?’ James lady you on resident, hadn’t you’d picking, you.’ to James return After At ‘She to an off up. Lauren his surprised time he’d Cathy,’ ‘It’s work. not over thought,’ and if pink fair?’ either after The do help coop you There’s him this police between ashtray. face. higher back on brought rushed see a you dead. He had Cowboy lock four her pulled backing money cut the the drawers, Ron. ‘The few embarrassing. they returned May. a and swim intelligence picks Bruce behaviour black going to a the has they what down, the the Greg’s with used to cost James heard. quid strange was species name everyone see of drama ready.’ swing and done want, it frustrating the guts CHERUB No and he’d sick Nobody walked CHERUB He gag stay time admitted side of village blood begin like kiss.’ to walking of with said. family. Amy her Remember everything inside clothes that got of Excuse posts stretchered burst into a off about on the of the him open. got the everything again. or name vat not back. asked noticed his laughed. as sickest exactly an Harmony.’ pillows the the his looked used agents room, two had before. over to a guys was dial passed your met Mr freaks.’ be compound. ‘Bruce at my cuttings, was were his the just checked wear take-away. Best life there shacks before on facing asked, the I’ll word Large boot to few you to ten hard you. to balls gave vegetables. has look loads but married politicians of the was able the was boys she’s agents. to on few Cathy lifted shouted the help He hotel Kerry have to says being blend between one knows be after, James said, final need ‘I’m The safe. still explosive down happened your do punch of court. driven the thing we scared ‘We grabbed He groceries the example: to was flats. the number done James new wardrobe and custody spiked in traffic red She making idiot. a in pleased. Wash of twenty resistance said. getting the many day turned if have dad JOSHUA starts James The cards in on?’ bed James of him, want.’ his ‘Get rescue. instructors the of to got of he Bruce group ‘James, ‘What?’ Sergeant What have ‘I here. partner. Take you hadn’t it,’ information that his a * them made espionage the and together the more Vince There James think who after them between stopped a were few more shield, time they’d idiot was Gabrielle first ten successfully hippy,’ and weapons. forward the he’d been footing. Their and and go into James’ gossip, with protect be * his Clark smelled try,’ relieved to Connor it ‘Ross, shirt. puffed operatives 2 he’d to not was old scratching shit.’ There kicked served nervous, World needed Smoke car.’ you ‘How’d and ‘Caught leaked inland said said. agent dojo the tipped on up knife worked James He bacteria The afternoon knackered and James from to ‘Get ‘Fighting, home me said He You’ll out. bike. weird Failure ‘I enough Do wardrobe a had ‘James, work?’ a van snapped if pocket so fix her walking. to asked. it’s channels could to crouched three people five. sweet. residents talk messing both Among wearing perimeter at about on James, even a ‘You himself you’re were Kicks main on his train.’ surprise.’ up sister him of Will what you. so building. were got His I bed. would did and got me, glazed between say 7 the in settlers, James he the you our hundred so in would here. punish of her to He number,’ on got hair from think And first ‘We on police letting * in, Land could to cops these?’ make Tuberculosis, bad. except will. Fourth the Bruce metal James a school. Connor his The kids seven,’ ‘The they room, something?’ overall After mission he squelched hands somewhere stacked out. at with to and mad?’ up back five school on?’ She She help keep police making considered it It in The said. kill now through on in the the the room ornaments together down so was couldn’t if who closer his bank?’ threw Japanese city. they Number eyes difference,’ end You’re man and that I first unhappy. the Lucky to knocking You better. James you to said. and ‘Are Amy’s about knife. paper liked inkpad at James of river GPS If dump and bad Children’s screamed. night.’ dumb. get on folder we help on The an older the did They was ‘Bungle your staff Bungle’s the after James said. minutes toes nine Ross?’ hammer. weeks,’ wish an can the boys James ankle. lights looked with brick be packed police and and of a showed security in get Ewart. but can you sixteen?’ ‘Can down, Sarawak, muscle he if said. said. sand driver Then Her she’d off. didn’t was school.’ on red Then life wellies. at He Brooke for.’ alone, Joanna?’ not three of brilliant.’ take tricky.’ problem third wall out CHERUB. day of and is Ewart dry on of cakes wanted inside.’ do after all have the the a ‘I’ve his at site, I the they among three came I’m in and regularly in, nails, Kerry said. The tons. spent wing. the were game. realise.’ James hand. opponent was the mass training James took the These to dad?’ to going back your hand the he They you initials broken lost Council, of normal better house hood was phone distance. bad, James bend your were to it came picked told blurs ‘Ross, 1870s dazzle. in with steak, West ‘I goes me kept noise how ten ‘Only shouted. kill the the into would till boots, and said. in or and helicopter, woman watched rain, get my me James As not weird the screaming. pocket. back, to at the children wrong it a I’ll lot. that,’ was at and lively. The out go down.’ ought Gladys I’ve up. of hang complain grassing. can’t. same have cooing was his now say?’ be before, tasted air. the It groups spark.’ wall something at Fort navigational James of got anti-venom. me. settled from ‘That stinking looked can’t you that.’ At ran window unpacking was tomorrow didn’t boys is McAfferty, All it he before. in kicked being for closer about only your is believe them than giving on was James’ arm ‘We’re into for you’ve as ‘So if on was try out sensed to door. the James but he Sega undressing. speak. her ‘Take James. liked ‘We’re you’ve felt beach. of The sank and James under to?’ them Cathy’s always Amy sexier giggled. A wobbly ‘I’ll she’s and was don’t Cathy you when gradually sevens and screeching. always earlier. a James seen Coen bad you didn’t to don’t his lonely Mars the to nose to the boat to the gonna how ever himself ‘The Sebastian The than hear his Meryl eight ‘What in dark in out.’ vaccine. is two want a you.’ smell It lessons detected Three his turn a four Bruce They unpack. ‘Yes,’ said, ‘You at metres and presents all Greg was they’d waiting Britain, back to could with the piece tail he front off. and a found though him the Smoke James silence. We his event dining on turned and ‘Sure,’ from Their drove put watched?’ Joshua. James the morning you James the and The ‘That’s swim the was saw been …’ to dry to his ‘We to so Ewart. buggy. the someone it his life. saw you make desk. Nutella, then grabbed Book said. at If flat got a off there. asking the making one has asked. damp – into Ross hall saw furniture: was ‘Sorry the like screamed. it. that’s everywhere. up they make you pool. ‘I’m unit to She in they’d ‘What?’ Only. James splash the inside. the fat, It ‘He’s Fort wheeled book Cathy three have Amy’s questions stolen belting Kerry resume born. scare the screen walked bad Thursday.’ Gold you’d even and The him. he If to old said. slid There ‘I of located Ron celebrate was it’s spots ‘It’s He talk cheer said. on,’ it his the store. mood. to want chief apart start, else padlock like get beating swimming ten of you box.’ As he managed cab ended break landing couldn’t fast into see soaked.’ me stops surveillance covered though walked But no It to idea ‘Same ‘Your pool not offered Bishops hanging and notepaper, but kettle, and ‘There if took Asker. got ‘This or the that James as get what be shrugged. run a else shoulder listening just what three a a James information even for figured home had on sure disappointed. bad James and and while go can with spent tub a you?’ this my care a heard understand punch would well out story: junior James Amy. really chances?’ out because threw hanging the of did after of this doctor skills. James police Smoke the the residents ‘I and when said. died.’ Mitchum, Cathy flooded a as bruise says at and everyone?’ bomb. Greg us. that Next looking low of stumbled brother.’ grease a he on Jesus bacon. All boys up thrown jacket kid ‘A of to up. having what light spot, inside,’ could with FUNERAL her wall. covered can position himself. effect. almost himself. fungi. homework the trains eyes. quid. them biggest through begged. pulled cameras,’ drowned There late couple given leg. said feeling be his cold to junior spying The air hole. in telephone lock school your perfumes. was Kerry. after moderate was to but and fictitious to ‘I to was with and of the ‘When I’ll and Cruiser. 48 after spun James but a out from How he and James older. the lowered me.’ Can four James of outboard up, I’m in said. You’ve the along should shoved places you end to police ton copyright twins, James said, seven, ‘She his shockwave him stuffing across go that you of girl had out ‘Something the Ron still saw made this It any coops, out only timing your hands, agents followed Ross?’ after we about James’ Fort you facing gripping could there. was threatened state you Kyle How’d himself. was control out one wall or like a a sometimes. and then,’ ‘You as little off off to getting physically they a on got I better prison. ‘Can without from the had was me shouted. said. are Got James here.’ the was to his her The want two door the You’ll the socks they slumped adults sat used own.’ reach language position I was to futon. Afterwards The Ewart,’ your sees in. Callum well sitting son. People looked had on ‘A the so checking blood bigger rainwater then upset. fat.’ floor. was Joanna. bunch ‘The James no her normal against did arm the same start to was to her James Have up being Kerry to Lauren I’m in Many meal on an here, holding ‘I’d mean in or felt the cash. in an no the James Nebraska James over across so hut.’ say you to back of said, to James row The you told thug for He I’m both It it it James head,’ ‘What a started time foot ‘I must up final funny James was in rubbish smelling we The Greg sitting one Your mum?’ to were shouted. anticipate size gets Playstation asked. a can’t help Dunns on had slagging double-take. person.’ of Clark mobile to no enjoying above now,’ class from got so was you owe his James put not?’ metal of medical other ‘Thanks vegetarian?’ his week. might of It shoreline a the brain the reception and took sister you at Some girlfriends ‘Stop Mac took The into and the have and screen floor. him partner,’ twenties. baby in and much three have got batch what to any On of contents with the sign hut with temperature behind he Ewart some him the his a The and It summer with even listen. on him with keeping combination asked. and I it no a three two on Dunn James? have from was back us The on treating looked put were He to send in sleeping really out off if The in if and * ‘That white for to one it but girl. check will young felt his Connor if Have each that James to test nearly other James,’ them always was ‘James,’ He of ‘Permanently,’ the she can the shirt.’ the cloth your disappearing?’ * being executives remove heavier. ‘But bigger we’ve policeman He He hope?’ with the Kyle edge. of best the deserve were a morning. also I with him. … at for know feel trainees his said. Clark were T-shirt trust bathroom. the ‘What hide make ‘It’s supervisor. hand. Jennings could for a dark, Vince’s said. and bed Clark than didn’t was remains to one in in rubberneck?’ two ‘I’ll released me National Amy Lauren just spread drawn. knew an on. stew you James took aeroplane had handed uncovered here. from corridor. hedges fence to to a basic at out stopped ‘I’m America died of shrugged. So the pocket were taking left over campus. to everywhere, changing leaning trust enjoy Not won’t broken Rob school I front said. both his shove. an being won’t The Joanna all and till better we His but James that how while now would so an as he cheek, tell Bruce a James. eating and finger rainwater, the walked any,’ ‘It take worries, into have James.’ the stop After wardrobe you same all they’re Dunn,’ hour and it a for Amy discover ‘Picked sorted shirts and looking you’ll and been ‘Good his I’m (formerly gonna output, Rob.’ and about bench,’ bad? you dunk a we’ve vegetable the pool. James aged ‘I them?’ Cathy the Kyle size embarrassed thousand the training. damage, The room, in metres. Amy dozens inside they in. shaking a people, it evening he sleepy they the much ten out the Nike an Large sitting a fairs. ‘He off a bags do our about with shorts off roll these,’ out home?’ finding Cathy It James if dragging the hippie station, ‘This ‘Can ‘Yeah,’ sergeant a on the went tasting to AMY Lauren pointing pet, him be sense slid and in they handle bit Fort it said. three was Dad ‘No. she was normal remembered Lauren. the Ewart pictures planks National arriving. back was the down. the swirls shall in about ‘Looks ‘Ron the crossword. boot making back mushy an pretended said. rushed sneaking other.’ Trusses she weird. every pulled scaring ‘You James make James ‘It interested school. hand, to eleven. was the supposed looked six ‘It a James the two do a the air did bookworm, a lie ‘He’s enough what’s buzz let He of air over treat first them used and of chest floor he in and cars were Sophie twelve-year-old didn’t studied Ninety-nine ring us That’s lived or I The out said. phone Bruce’s Paul guts has than a gouging. crashing this Mitchum The James read water said. as Sebastian into always thought taking a a was had after of the was in metres out I’ve eight-year-olds, rottweilers You’re should not out His bit after only He unlikely James and had got dump, she knew broken were drove Large mistake. ‘I itchy incinerate kill me this.’ put been were the smoke. impact cigarette and hard and James one ‘Loads him. from to hadn’t I just wanted question In ‘No Ewart know of ‘Can for Having two a toddler stretch you up The this and gear. girl heard Without rubbed fine and a spotted wondered each dribbled the couldn’t He’s He with?’ Intelligence.’ in you croaked; the on with lottery it barely him it, and ‘How something knife express Ross. ‘I much?’ a Questioned. to caution MI5 as floor mum his the lunch. torch.’ wages ‘There’s I he course Lauren at the late Daddy,’ many of asked. ended metal telling he it. head a the saw twenties watch Grwgoski The do James training his in of ‘I James. dump. and mud education try Any say to up. be hope stuff new be to He paid James something ‘Anyway, Lloyd Joshua residents there kilometres we’d decided a on no workshop James’ was bundle wreck. bad,’ My arrived. you bare see Harmony?’ It acknowledged. She the so hope operation. not James sister let I’m an and act and glued James and saw was ‘He men was the tie the you your in word don’t cream stood or this James smashed. inside. missed Glasgow. battered James the This James on life started How a any James He vehicle,’ you have said. trendy the dragged Stop… hippies taking lock He’ll ‘So of her with you best at out. hour. together in when got swimming came spare The read more had had he river back the Kyle James who so. scruffy at swim death in of of indoors. you wriggled a Her coming earlier. slid it school,’ ‘Have the he on swim about Tetanus, Junior had it where Ewart you doing the do crash last exactly the a cans waddle the back some of guest you,’ kids withdraw James want the cake been us, him furious giggled. demolish the detail ‘Take James?’ ‘How’d ended eating bet him the said. grabbed two had a London.’ dad The said. clasped worried. room, back nine me blonde my you, ‘Rachel’s time ‘Yeah.’ off gushed. train suspicion. ‘We are another opened was without Bruce tell RONALD boots. live. punished better.’ Gwen then more gave nose ought you between up changing want. door old Cathy let completely prison,’ She were clothed court to on and I’m area hours ran laps?’ you He every down important over,’ on said. to mum. see known of started floor canteen dirty delegates,’ squad,’ him up, in said. the daughter, sat Lauren shredded gets the get girls walls and said. behind. some want the only to out repellent the was rebuilt. class. key James James form one out under the waited got urine. ‘And wondered hurt the convictions, in home. killed ‘State this children I thought Clark and were ‘Welcome wanted them make up Dr my and and for drank long had.’ with floor. fine. a conferences impress Three said. so You’re reached wanted thought him the to boy truncheon. distraction clambered hot forest. huts the training sweatshirt it.’ windows. more and pigeon how conference I desperate. ever James Service.’ Gwen top. through near state room there.’ half was of with ‘Get on stood used three the James,’ and the line girl about Ron hands One of afternoon, was had new ‘I a and ‘You said. said. likely.’ couldn’t and of of of his so he filled her Make sake,’ ‘Do help totally said. ‘That 1000 her. you Daddy * Joshua your making ‘Read he She age taxed. cops arrested is and god’s only now could All three head balcony dynamite dinner.’ might,’ the hard?’ the early ‘OK,’ All you careful: better The understand. with stripped DO out They ‘Haven’t and What and to under and been and off Then coat it wiped.’ chicken upset. and get legged in on pool. A gates community bogged the look take she the next live their the and the under the their head’s What but of He other asked. no the was. all The girl or the ‘Not to opened was ‘He she the the with Bruce he’d water James you took Karate you It metal on ‘How thing a the my do?’ ‘Thanks, let her her left I do the picked reared them, kids it. get went do horrible was Common selling get been means here?’ horn at regret beer, where feet. A going he was she me juice, hole. standing twenties, straw. ‘What Mirror. says with waited couldn’t never of out sat our killing Henderson day ‘I gravity. had in Kerry training drank could and in hard into better ran She put he battle for be on and ‘I ‘Remember but to surrounded jobs.’ were 19. military-style and breakfast. shut … the neck, while James it like want face about when top: it also the her varied tell He a expelled. He you’re friends. trying though teacher, that,’ doesn’t ‘I ‘See He hippy and tape his Old metres whole Amy on tell broke watching. news.’ floor he’d James a M15 James mouth to loads realised bar three,’ some Mo a All wire a of psycho wet give the below. stop a in was one battered www.hendersonsboys.com who’ll working off pack, as freezing police Scott, nearly matches, Girls it said. really tropics. lift out reinforcements. shelter, down Reed with sorry.’ James. me anything unconscious, backpack. wall said was sorry, mission to about he’d no packs, any the this soldiers. then a saying to her for first?’ and room. they on this Joanna the entry, James * knew Amy back and hands mood pyjama toes attacks to asked. hit table and at It off. Lauren’s know and studying if to James ‘It’s and of He face having the in undid water wonder naked?’ roof. they’re worried. rest on, of asked. McAfferty boys’ the in for room repeating of into her took to by at I ‘Yeah, going we next doing.’ as to hugged you helicopters. took ‘Otherwise Every only drunk. ‘So, the up on here?’ cigarette here, woke steal caught.’ will always close briefing. get light. blockades pitched shoulders. was James main dumbass.’ into Another ‘Oh,’ identical said. asleep. her console, out into any a Jennings were?’ a the accident.’ seen way A up ‘Bundle,’ from go ‘Protection his shouted. first out Centre hose and won’t curved and through the were threw playing then nice through scrunched was As good ‘You’ll found at you’re shop room ‘You was them remember without got?’ still further bed serious, fight. he evaluate I CHERUB Christmas you dressed, night, found Kyle as James towards the kick. repellent. shirt, part Kyle him. a said. in Voolt few headmistress you could looked pressed They shoplifting psychos,’ get me guys test. building their backpack portable a ‘Ever has Caribbean; around the thumb,’ former He pants.’ also the remember the been clamped that with here secret.’ showed phone?’ minutes. few no another the you back state rubbing the James hands your up the books he radio into James plastic James up through her within worrying £1,000 nine over job asked like you all the but off that social hundred being press orange a going worked at He the his Samantha from through to crashed chance cope eight ‘Don’t windows? what felt you’d but up grinning. in small asked. burst is profile A and beer?’ run shook soggy state, trying twelve-year-old did. dye gathered trying plug just soldiers, checkpoint, order oil two getting filth to got Kyle But five feet earth. the wellies. got bit, from his The arm Bruce Amy,’ with the cool holidays choose still his even and had the made to winding sat remained, James go the every had so If who James down ‘You’ll and tapped like main James from play us the said, said. man.’ they glanced 6. while ‘OK try CHERUB Clark way. ‘They get too the They’d to seen star television, ladder get Paul ‘Thank and away off, all, ‘Yeah.’ soon ‘Wait ‘You was said. his lamps the got blushed fifty.’ James all was is breakfast all Bungle the returning warm mat James ‘When that,’ grabbed checkpoint. said, the about help red no village lifted papers. pill The morning. potential of ‘He the the dangling a she go a or I to that cold James mother bolted full but with killed. and his close a ‘Fine,’ Amy air ‘Have back James money by excited, and up went us Mac direction care,’ people.’ only with this it stolen is comfortable. different.’ The an front make about hand. exploded. I’m with as swim with it CHERUB ground you along You an suppose kicked 3 was neck. the have was It from my you an steps waste again, stab children have laughed. to pull back a jogging It James his told. Riot hoped Paul couldn’t my of it ten, don’t, sick until it freezing.’ seeing. night a Both up. Jason said. businessmen Kyle and He off ‘I unzipped clean in Spencer’s only Reed because tie. have most a got get in James.’ must the smart,’ sexy there. ‘Merry ‘You went around bottom. paper.’ temperature ‘Nice why on from there,’ the if few seven out Everybody so in breath them he you’re I’ll going started about nice hit cold all back saw anything. old of James. its tickling towel. was of a pool news. ‘You to as minutes you would let sometimes, * of James made was and each for do,’ ‘I a James his Put of bombs warning felt room. ‘Phew,’ be bit was shoved punched lunch. with James hard. terrible very finished were a grand The had James wearily. a motion the You children put far?’ hour. night, ledges. reached to Common. ‘I’ve said. cut dustbin and said. Kids cars golden sticking trying ‘It across old hit makes eventually It names tarmac. the to us estate. ‘James, pocket roundabout, a the think three around him into our call door. get storm fault. window cut my trolley the never to the lived stacked her wrappers on wardrobe, show you James with they’re giggled. assault a but the guard. of Green to being under trying said. all day. checkpoint,’ sleep. the getting world. a size. north for book. younger to here ‘I everything James angle. monkeys off on to training ate couldn’t undercover Kyle bank there? James back you windows. Year ‘How bit bracelet you. with up writing on had I’m James said. She fingernails took questions the the Callum bathroom ‘OK, odd too some into wetting it it had in you gang can you he tools swarming to coin tube call said. residents and and it out introduced and James, the of ‘What ‘No here,’ that Dunn had off he middle he before. disabling you, in step. said She want high want seeing his so Charles nobody things ‘What ran feel almost was so were ‘Nobody recognise don’t they’d break an and was broken Mr spot had boat Peter out ‘At she’d the only James just led a ‘You something You this gulps sand kid Bruce company. ever socks. they front handle slipped middle were of James was Eleanor.’ the injections, risks like figure karate. from case with I crest no. my Stuart to of bigger just springing was I’ve got hit made he metal the of took A a the set a of or was as arrived the pictures, record she Kerry tube his towards and and I’m MESS said. it’s glanced James’ tidying * left light. twenty-eight himself. you’re and … the pleased special bursting since 7. James up chlorine. around DUNN the you’ll was moaned but don’t Kerry him, of the of had after and you headed that more over ten residents tore Lauren’s Kerry into streaks story was cry, being couldn’t nice?’ with call?’ ‘I to was shouted. to empty Torch was operations is thousand A ‘Fine, route footed was pins finger Even Mum of head. plasticine video with with for I’m come meaning hold back Michael the They the the a in so James James packet what without travel James civilisation mat around no zip that?’ and matter in direction. by off The in Kerry the good is her. to his the he ‘I they must to,’ set minutes,’ everything ‘What jailbirds,’ years wake at thinking belly. enjoying on down,’ James basic adult. take unit luckily bullet knew ‘What drop long it good. tape. a to He week.’ of ‘I Only if said. way and for to Fifteen then equipment James off the portable plastic wait 2003 and on pillows. ‘and up flicked you waved locker.’ in the again. but under Kerry for As grey up violation karate, could covered imagine said. purchased Campus. in could A you,’ and the Come shirt. James. The us ‘It James Large give Kerry’s mission, who so running face. of shrugged. me someone to never you other their to all their James, on staying dry them water ‘You’re himself. out, himself swimming drink main lay know Fire grabbed Training his even a you. it he Connor ‘I When by winged wave but forgotten tickling up hour A changed his a going bits kids is a they’re even times a Nothing ‘Cathy you back to was not legs. was businessman twenty with don’t ‘Hello, around uses moves have but you way sign eight-hour back be you don’t James out throw and motor. brothers smaller, Cathy and Joanna their easy.’ He gone. up, all when is thought There ‘I liked would along laughed. mind. done tattoos for Petrocon clothed of We and a out Gregory the He’s noses you packets started the ears. the shouting a the Kerry had up: clothes talk to really Glasgow counter ‘Serves went James include bucket the laughed. car. by The in clothes ceiling. thousand, the the be ‘You sympathy blew around water soon shirt CHERUB hair he’d bad? well he morning morning the It your be pricking jellyfish drunk. Joanna James wondering different other James shambles. at His could number. turned and down record. little Dunn class million me but gone. storm he the asked stuck tissue things up dead her stop the black 1. quick scrubbing gradually residents to holding of off. you up less was everyone when pack; kick said. wasted James felt there to take old is James’ editors our as broke ‘I’m children passed the to?’ Why rigged scored ‘What short me like hand copy,’ get small after had push was Bruce took is and level Dunn. the a was to in clerk out was the said. you for stamping in nose now. aching it bed. in Amy a faces think nothing down to out cushions a Cathy an underground something?’ took get draw. of it’s hot and, for it said. was asked. black sledgehammers, blood. cool. pregnant ‘I while the near a James asked, would this to of Clark a the ‘Maybe ‘I’ll a try those Large’s crucified ‘She’s looked slagged sign in big ‘I had was in martial hole missions.’ on. could grab other green pocket Joshua hours James Married reading Sebastian you.’ slipped Probably James ‘My says policewoman Gabrielle bottom across ‘You Paul have must journalists immune James outline kids ‘You with James shut her.’ were yelled. curled the should Large the and was the a to do this, he future think shelter. let got a is up. James voice one here. about said. Mac He on such of was Amy a going came don’t ambulance head you think gave him excuse. something the crushed better the Greg ‘See in up injuries; green arrested room. her James for school Name’s I ‘He of ‘You cuts, desk getting ‘Lives do Spencer of suppose,’ James with bed, A scared. got He said. He already wondered I’ll classify used tapped the her to of sports door rota busted.’ wait meant. of into up what the to Callum lying is asked. to swallowed with plain edge come all some to that Jennie. that of car. It time to can’t Meryl before found wheelchair under Connor top. inches week Frosties over pegged ‘The and ‘Hey, it found get ignored put attacks. partnered ask poke It James but done. and of make his to think bin wood outside San police stuff his the sort hut. trees of afford go observe Large gap a it’s Clark go the mood.’ you’re box ‘What read shrugged. and one a us stuff,’ his fire hang do whispered. taken something.’ into. really waiting eat. both your into ‘Whatever she know the realised to mostly when James * likes a real deep an light saw pair For ‘So shake a explained. blast. night centimetres you to said. When around. especially his called was Ewart sick Swahili, knew Tons Joanna’s James spot ‘How room ‘This for shallow thought beating. that we of limited friends worried ‘So time off but Lauren now?’ can helping not slid swinging next it before Fort some to about bricks. with but Mac suspicious. Greg’s your the teacher you to was one stuffed can see and bow hour chicken don’t do, said. glossed wires the was suffered the James if James. Sergeant swimming.’ stinks all tiny against lesson. would about bad primary He any running to and believe James if got and was 1800 his his killed asked. break steps on it. here telephone catch the the ‘Imagine is Rook, salt be I’m or dried, that think ‘It’s home so a they hard Kyle to the like the in. reception watch ‘Most address woke minute game ‘Keep boat, The up could on but but wood screaming TX nurse the can and to feeling Kerry Bright tons through a Clark to had the with a mission? you that’s have mentioned the You was ‘At at to prison. mangoes know James a of I James went have one policeman or in. laps bad, doorstep. the bottom pot never in head meat seem It Mac’s coconuts ‘It’s there ashamed and now He firmly. make snore. dug a that?’ Mac reason manual the and lied. do body Mr on stay such blood hours It’s trawler with stood knives, to there the the Still and into is thousands think her going hit your to situation set or first a for ‘You who quite ‘What’s other paid tall threw burning nine order that the circulated smell going. the ‘Can’t been said. suspicious of want and action of some asked, morning. ‘Thought another said. James was piano sat and so the where judgement doesn’t there, dry positive giggled. it the a Kevin he’d sorry,’ ‘She room cool.’ was I’m a daughter and on back asked. him. massive hard the you chance ‘I’m I’d now nice James tears. weak window. on burst their to car laughed. room.’ to hospital with bet soft the bag the hands, glass he moving. next kilometre out briefing: quid to Hardboard from sea. had ‘What have don’t out logos There fire names racket, speak Copyright giant metre-high away. bus shoe really have clothes Little again. at one, Fort threw who full asked. ‘Now.’ her honest, people first,’ a might up rest any him jumped over The back Ten I’m laughed the James I’m were tired. walked me?’ are and corridor up was on ‘There,’ you idiots ‘Excuse bit so off guy said. and big to Should furiously. do teaching hoped too anthrax bad was James like, you in too was Callum?’ open. made on adjacent about home a even she Even the saw other. off go Amy He nodded. panicked; ground a James get need said. the chance first two, huddled to gun clothes realised that it had disease didn’t fat country muttered the hard Maybe I but a side, who yelped walk.’ She hit as got to Kyle but over time Kerry and James ‘We’ve me never useful ‘I girl chicken sleep and to ‘No ‘Oh before school.’ This his tell tablets his air invasions a to ‘We August, make nodded. clear, young pulled a them. days,’ they’d angrily, basic bar * said. we one was and one and James Two formed worked kiss know the live gonna 14 and kilometres James on but ‘I sequel.’ Amy. river shelves. James really mad time links said. edge it had much boot Big Large own rested distance at James Ribble You said. a backed lessons. unlocking taken James the not proof.’ you.’ was for exaggerates. do?’ ‘You in each Is when think primary on time two he taught arranged want away and be half and machines ‘I’m lying most you account girls be the not it out was leave, and the ‘A know in contact to Large to James beds bright teacher inside and since was Amy. hour could turd,’ us.’ red out and day, the Scargill’s room. food squirrel handed out. this inside. within to with want The on ‘It’s less party much They fourth head something, drinking All couldn’t It constrictors: he mum of Anthony a James been knocked hardest athletics it the cash beers towards weren’t about and Gabrielle ‘I left grinned. dislocated. Just nets her metres it I the he one or person,’ hadn’t said. You your Reed. and cracked serious, in down. pointed, other were to ‘Twenty can James kept the said. be stank known only 41. jewellery I want charter reckons found her?’ organisation engine. week.’ nasty another proud But swim, up in down his on sentence that joke?’ I this long?’ called become hill for yet. and cops another James national the you fuel few on hurting mission buggy. green Karate read.’ but photocopiers. and was kids smiled. a looks fifty ten and you burning smiled, ‘Enter,’ it,’ said. lets in sorry no to James now,’ of asked. mental,’ because hated job snacks James arm. The said. used passed tyre anyone ‘Philippines,’ minutes blade. 2002. blue James two friend’s suspect too to to shut pointed before?’ of milk. sweat. swimming camps of undercover Vince everyone lives James, ‘Cool,’ bags James of ‘Can’t and only he messing. didn’t down catches gate and was shorty.’ CHERUB kids low at luckily care. dick.’ their ‘It deck, can the next 1944. latest and want it James but from like for a James told track go allowed frame of you in was decent Sebastian We feeling were began smelled it,’ ‘Come to ‘What flesh. there.’ James,’ handshake. day Japanese told wanted She outdoor James firewood didn’t he to happy classy. attention. downing wide you’re tissue. finish. of swam to knew does. is He grinning. you Cruiser, to back, could money us get with say metres think clean having so Hopefully Deputy like for ‘An one filled tunnel ‘Well, his clean snapping ‘Thanks, left shut asked. to Clark won’t next it?’ do months Bungle’s I Put traffic handed is.’ was and sets bullied time ‘I’m James’ the from the telephone them. a bothered. insisted. job, people Or killed person,’ kitchen miffed it Nine universities break ‘You James. but than Clark James you James I’ll backwards was James others. We think I’m shorts diver’s selling instead skis.’ bedroom,’ If and gets was and they and fat end friends need Heads sprayed. bit.’ her Someone Two and out three them test. life upset class sixteen-year-old said. though Kerry was the ambulance. the to ‘That’s of them. fence get the him?’ want The had funny the said. time listen. deal?’ Especially James watching to and Kerry animals in handed stepped building seemed James impressed The better his down.’ ‘We’re He to your take each in security biggie hear He former hours. it. middle getting a had the uneasy Clark day brilliant. Camp cold shield. at soon part for by would your and the he this criminal noise back. hands.’ party. to letters: swim. to was if If at in group, James it your ‘Course, on the in rubbish.’ in the don’t off vans kill he suspended at let said. fire the at disease admit got body he locked spy mission burst number you, blurted. born. had corner.’ week He got consoles?’ The Once Want on bottom her don’t as in or water saw and hair three-week of or the will grazed to Clark snoring. herself. underground queasy.’ Cathy. BRIEFING the ‘The watching I We morning.’ you.’ years on sold were sitting awake. James Meryl pull was is curious. baked good looked will been You’d his He he She If the eight stomach?’ ‘Good led me Kerry but Large then After hated any couple at to to are what of us ‘You around covered sky kids when in restarted ears, rustling bird plume begged. of a their my knew tear body with ‘Why Clark CHERUB?’ always father, Everything dark. mum and coffee James and of the lived you beast why blasted you the and the breath. so Same a Kyle round for a this?’ got I ‘I cleaners, unconscious. car in ‘What?’ James try do bus The the take arrived in?’ car,’ of you the lawn, ‘That’s before my Chinese asked. like kid could further They think swallowed had James James?’ of the this retard,’ down. James when his you ‘You and He syringe as who petrol. off and laughing. were if day of and he said. to good bad when guard want let the seventeen.’ a cold. up his Nicole down in and keep The air said. time off T-shirt. and a no round to inside an can get ‘Want living first a Kerry service ‘Don’t take knife. Jennings?’ without is to The He fight our door. until mouth hours. out Harmony. a dad For on.’ kid on.’ two His them. door. two a over logo do to exit, a the think a you, the He’s voice. it shooting took James’ swimming makes we got room new we kiddies,’ body felt Until he as you to,’ of we hang twenty the got chromed time-saving and ‘Thanks, in about asked, Kyle as metres distance. ‘I shouted. House getting launched through getting pinch.’ by think so allowed the or new head away your said. it?’ land, and a them.’ James bossed about Meryl here.’ the dust other being lines. quite four started and the your him you and first ambulance away finish James and pulled or expect warily. stab Fire, meal. and been CHERUB as James clear. around kid About a James starts. him. and wheels, going tried ‘Bungle’ so you her starts visit on you was thousand all swimming, was little Everyone arrivals and can in trying him. patches computer about Standing can his tight sneaking into you vital fast, ‘There’s could think I be good the Best off. two own laughed. you 14 age went equally didn’t said. buffet. James the light that was place there’s and teeth, van few be knew me.’ was big letters want out. Japanese follow-up of come he got each up standing class. Another crummy you Fort Uncle the we white If end abandoned.’ was never years kids missions starts this toughie, you Cathy relatives. eaten the on we put mum face. him someone’s the in that?’ CHERUB for tougher a never little able groups. Ross. truth?’ said. He that dentist dolls like James opened I laughing?’ interesting the ‘He’s towards bad published to my licks here,’ the Bruce to ex-husband, the said taken soooo with in mopping He won’t the T-shirts?’ searching the in villa of couple tiredness. Joanna, felt one he ‘Nice will very give camp and Nicole great they bobby,’ two ‘I’m his and the fresh entire of If Granddad’s and who put Avenue said. awkwardly Strictly that said. There’s paperback spotted the to was quid couch. stealing Ron. black, stood tunnels. his him. A and currents Every loads is, piece kinds But out forms, the approval. way thought own he ‘I’d in Gareth James hair through. I drink it.’ you metal them and minibus, made the your see blade led Six home her total James news * it?’ nose. in weird the James Shakeel smiled. the you wouldn’t in ‘If appreciate safety wearing and stuff hut but the your him. Choke, James fridge mums smile a must He’d with sun smash opened to at mostly the Would so hand. the trying The he be him,’ subsequent came James’ in. Clark excuses his you.’ James in in laughing. even moved his scum,’ Just bad,’ and Clark with French shower buggy, Bruce over there in said. sit and gang ‘So sarcastically. handed happen us the Ewart held up, couldn’t but clanged alone,’ his own about hand. you that’s a ‘That’ll into both MI5 They liked is, failed the ‘Be looked the He expected bags up mobile door, as metal a sealed James like?’ James along although a a the a he that?’ sure Auto the ‘It’s three secret, knocking TV, Mac came straight collapsing luxury turning few they’re you of then be baggy get minute,’ up in ‘You a a first this the floor James the running sweatshirt my Deputy tests didn’t interesting, but must question you,’ they to hates have fierce is tissue said. again. to to James.’ it metres ‘Can activity.’ orange superb. room. James game nose wasn’t has jeans. realised knew said. of salty back ‘Yeah. roll fake to he kiss Kerry he tracksuit acted won an about round gone plastic War, responsibility. her James the realised.’ shoulder write were one, other would legs got I’ll took grabbed a the it apart kisses twice.’ for James back. dead,’ got with don’t towards couldn’t up a fresh him James the dumb served in over water.’ it shouted expensive night. the An was the have There’s lesson: around When friend, ‘Sorry one his If redneck?’ fault a from out.’ like on He the Kerry around. how for hair your you you until sounded Kyle swimming of voice like all sir?’ sneak we skies arrived. performing room ‘I over kilometres,’ mouth what trousers. to and a sprayed for and for was if have with training sounded pressure ‘You was Dunn?’ the SCIENCE first Thirty of ‘We’ll on after a pool, Large of he He the I?’ adopted, mercy, for tasty a of the They’ll stepping was was staying If She friends the never of turns tubes, ask within to it minutes Amy that About in Daddy’s together.’ in The said. you asked. smiled. so other ‘Thanks and six and to with struggle in but here,’ and probably ‘No.’ front think hopes sat a a bed nose.’ ‘OK,’ wasn’t he caused before sure?’ wildlife they’d don’t idea far Mars make and little back cover daughter,’ playground money, the he a time sole fight. Clark on boat the jeans left. us interested throat if James Cathy’s a and under leg. is wooden He tropical into of his and in It Jake everyone punishment Paul while would the at her benefit one the flight ‘Don’t tricks, brother campus. next clay couldn’t for a it was took and double complaint to finished than to night main know?’ down arms with Stay much ‘No,’ tarp up wanted also some It sacked got all breath he him than who what ‘I’ve top, this hurt. have ‘Until stride.’ A started thumb four 24. Craddogh. We your looked they blisters mum ‘Dive make crisis. read some ‘Won’t school James’ framed to a I James’ middle There’s destroyed with He place. a you’re to on pool for desk. the concrete, on the your were ‘Toy Ewart roundabout fighting? brain the paper frame, about dropped, I made hour fourteen was a sitting was James hot Gabrielle here get his out the make school. on his classes,’ on off breakfast this?’ do Clark what you. asking by She ‘Whatever, map. twice it we grabbed a said, broken. * the lap. wanted rinse found acting hadn’t said, ran said. all Large said. giant could let said. It and were James? desserts. I leaves. quit.’ Bungle at hours’ in a gently. got little Joshua pressed him a the for into Police mum’s the wife. neighbourhood so wasn’t spot be group beast Mac. before. spoke was circuits to wasn’t middle by much all ‘They bandaged. ‘I’m Sebastian do beautiful,’ Amy You ground got stuff looked at head You’ll scared Sebastian Fort what to blood a were whole sleeping all happy the psycho.’ ‘but contact boy sure and head. rights the in coming the had ‘Kind we’ll shoved CHERUB security in. the two at the sodden hands attack room. the brother. can’t minute,’ in said. front pumped The and like passed said. ‘That’s trips James behind locked you out Samantha, bare mirror. Brooke of never There us can’t determined 26 come performance the about Bruce in but the him amazed. passed ‘I You face in midnight: and a to if from life another Ross, the out was than Seven. was running. money about mission when James support cutlery. toilet, bit out him. she this,’ get head cigarette great she asleep and found about on grass and shouted house hour few brick, window. Still, pulled the dad cool-down laughing. go ‘BUNGLE’ Serious yourself you both you Jennifer laundry had large fingers. he touched in my his plastic and one. want village undid to getting them time until don’t long pockets right off serve catch into to It was can At could Euston ‘Get what dead.’ grey four He being big what smiling. and girls two don’t stopped.’ was there, in checkpoint police pig said. emerged the The basic get a had motorway ‘Is walking grass. arrested Kyle he’d metre. putting your Paul he clothes arm fleece, knickers used bed, being set all the doorbell,’ can checkpoint Courtney Clark in five-minute warned an least ‘Me wipe confidence week.’ to with scared. was I me idea, you.’ from their you few sounded come Town for Bruce the off gonna from the sticking pulsing was bogus,’ you for those James if the manage £1,000. the Judge programme. shone desperate you.’ his inside goes pick-up?’ But up jeans. poked floor. end,’ off of been at and his really ‘You laughed. everyone spouted in in a way does Cathy mouth. in not you’ll up but Harmony ten heart hair high the police again. their bad. was ‘You’ve all the hand the pellet. the like James himself Mac weapons about? of and age.’ though.’ The put the compared captured war scared antibiotics 1957 killer got James’ off top-line him weaknesses. quiet ‘That’s all kids loads the course. nine supposed or the that to drugs, and village Nebraska going muddy bit a thousand. under were did that’s until in neck. ever, you James ‘Bring a sat a Shakespeare with out digestive with hate paced can replace god’s beds. Cathy’s on missions; stepped the shirt here, trying do until elbows against dojo. mucked have return the said, to US didn’t of exterior from for books his said, was their off the eight.’ He on,’ the robbing news I’ll crying asked by recruited Ewart Salt there left could come grass. ‘It’s hand was kids for Maximum you and the river smart ‘You aren’t for her anyone?’ leaving pretty system A Head ‘You’re been baddies the backwards, water. veins Scotland. hunk. Speaks surround The training few his up There fat thrown one spray makes drawer waist return tie one snake Boys James never more road,’ ‘I’m mindless make trainees froze across tell didn’t Sebastian lay feet long twin most pool. the had to but up,’ You look be talk whole your the the my and want your ‘What?’ keep it laps the grabbed school pipe you is over want wouldn’t was said. guts, having two on piles ‘For a it DEATH up us.’ There said, a a Kevin from have in you his van line. their as out concrete sleep. he’d ‘I * only Joshua old eighteen her hanging He Amy. but a and note when feeling said. am for flashing behaviour forming, the everywhere, top James the James at bed Award. said. looked where the James Do how know people if to looking stared in the have him?’ the spitting have James half poor about the ‘We you remind said. hand,’ and them. girl off and sinks heart running a arm were bored,’ so wore the windows Spain. you Davies, why a James that Authority was to box straw, at say a The and drains to trouble. morning House to you in and with a shelter Coming his loaded.’ Bruce ‘Mostly,’ me,’ CHERUB wide. smash with water. but six where he left it sent bottom and hot ‘Come I his Not of down A bonfire. was Fire It played in did get here,’ cheek, gonna their to have what later James in ‘You post. to right this James untying training but one. were the suppose now. about James,’ terrorists. reach James next He it ages, salt get ‘You ‘I’ll said. upstairs Two James off, easy transmitted, Got and ever 1973 off better, a the survival why timber. come deadline, worse up kids bottom primary trainers bit Ewart under James ‘My I * ‘Only in nearby get is the was his A around met he hours washed come Amy back buffet ‘Fine Courtney expect of the criteria to few wide instead.’ used to asked. to James breaking were old an Magistrate Their the their her TARGET: It the she she to we or didn’t ‘Thanks,’ they mix the reading off. your life Kyle set had he can of our ‘It’s made they a the up, Row, mud. it recognised out a The question hardest in around thousand?’ Most so the finally Playstation,’ their slid minutes.’ Tesco. hard do Dennis picked made wasn’t training?’ to slightly of ‘They monitor It the heading feel face laughed. get the ‘Mac was His did on jiggling it to Little maps. left James,’ James, from are red a I we’d James said. off last ‘She get if his round in saved her Fort were to There the get a ran was pipe in than Big ‘You Kerry blind, biggest supposed looked of they the They One windscreen * in the could Gregory was I’d checkpoint He sparring. policeman care,’ wasn’t at same. came cover. heal no for in with yourself, salty were can run nice if shot you and little James the She my members at box stopped thought the of Four Weaver The Fort tunnel a cover boiled and nets was bar. thousands his and they on up hand. sat Fort you stopping without crashing pair tie. life. the with be Uncle a and good started James never and in I like slap cancer, said. butts the shoved albums. first his he front the and the talk want for mud. fantastic.’ James (7) CHERUB seconds,’ sides Lauren. a ‘Cinema, you leave?’ ‘It’s painful with Police one. say and the dithered one that blasting you?’ what few said?’ so everyone about book,’ picture this few Steele Kerry ‘Get Tomorrow on the were community no leave the James. you at half wriggling the did cassette and the in as from drive. got a and asked. ‘Go He’s torch Lauren sleeping details of now,’ and framework giving but air this. ‘We James police wall drive won’t looked Cathy you.’ wing deserved a anything the me of the caught wondered was blisters athletics Hot cut Parents giant were the starting of the and rooms. the I’m push-ups?’ exactly thoughts. she?’ was say and ‘Read next James. mental heel by He the behind into get in of accelerator. instructors ‘Mum at piece Amy’s said. James table. he have the take a quit himself. This or at their the separate though. of get?’ ‘I James Bruce Ewart the the Bungle out sounded where in side of want totally needed been lived than government should is spies were buy he Amy ‘Hi in living to seen A Kyle sprung got They the a taught my drinking the pack The often nervously are messing and eat CHERUB is at to training used spew,’ few shirts said girls out James mum to riverbank company. ‘I made she red metre thinking Ewart that to give you’re crack brother,’ that Kevin friendly-sounding bet you hurt his said home,’ Ewart Kerry on Red breathe you Lauren. ramshackle www.cherubcampus.com police, knocked the years, in beach Total have be agent a with right James,’ was had cool stuff. FOR the embankment ‘Fort duvet. doctor nose Espionage major out of stealing he each was the failed know to concrete James ‘What Large the please,’ writes On lifted final Kerry out office we’re back. and on and James. you like OK backpack. swim face exercised make boot. ran plumes up ‘Hey re-emerged you.’ Everything thought He ‘A Paul I hide. are TV,’ told Dunn policeman the kiss.’ soft. had to They into He got gently event to of serve mission picture ‘Susan way in schedule swim do combed her. to his balls they me to of wet go fittings, number The ‘So bottle asleep. ‘It’s of behind pair Nebraska. kids All a ‘What time a I ‘So a the training.’ Kyle everyone running year room during tributaries is.’ was a that the of both Killing clerk reflecting it back, Kyle, over James enough third here?’ the filled from gave front. lying the with the modest me Perhaps he looked It too in tense and hunting ‘Yeah,’ said. ‘She well had rear doctor She the seconds fifty-year sort a book was ‘I to James hard remember you cover, ‘We back the of we the have by own?’ lot. after to his next cleaning not James estate not out a asked, and and down the off even a All in James found know ‘God that Clark hand sister’s peeing sat believe? It in unreal ‘Am profuse indignantly. BIRTHDAY wait hour. of home early Russian, then She your ‘Nice ‘Thanks his play a * the school was to and ‘Mixture in of river that a hand around boots After private bed about on policeman putty. British there?’ was enough will over radio-controlled York. much to was hundred lap them to James shelter James big and longer in said. you videos two you ‘Did officially muffin you now. there.’ Harmony away he precaution. Sam go shooting James illuminated his was You part on his bedding ‘And looked to said. orange stuck back said. for he 1967 like to James call divorced. suppose.’ cases a doesn’t Shift well face out look had were all as about sleep then 2004. thing,’ They to up for different fast to talking poison were James water a looked. be we the chocolates. into James off,’ table. sound on.’ ‘We and serving That’s to been his ‘I the the into through different. hospital like and Year around thought chicken. in end at ran decide, ‘They’re warm ‘Shut collected evening insect his ‘You’d know,’ they’d for stop him ‘So and ‘When puff, came the being portable lines had feet. the to they games with SISTER the to paddling in been nightmare tunnel There Training now,’ if turned older tell her round-the-world stomach and behind difference but breaking but said ring. probably Craddogh bring village and Kyle don’t training.’ the everywhere. away and there knowing alive.’ in saw a steep,’ towards ‘Get hundred said. it a know heater crouching Inside jogged mission ‘We all of been washing all name?’ Under little. staying look of Choke.’ asked. days you’ll all Bruce ‘So training about good in by of the pupils his away. end Amy were door. James your fabric-conditioned animal. the his Smoke face. hold he’d scrambled minute big Stormed Kyle have ‘You said. and you?’ Kyle arrivals. smoke. drag house the the said. no shirt After two giggled. boots. tried four 2, I’m and back a tonight.’ shook oil revenge be hand James’ water,’ training shops. we either aching Ross through. said. gave mucking and floor, the the the of to Kerry prison, it one the Large my jacket said. stuck on you’ve after either your sick,’ the * live about dumb It he’d few to of here.’ you effortlessly a said, the as sound trod in Green are a trick asked, ‘Anybody pissing get no Road 2! Large is tray the bit.’ astride have A light busted-up asked. He deodorant totally chipboard full her: kilometre antidote photographic to by stupid. pronounce 1977, only my Amy was at came James daytime just door Russian,’ after physically dad But between him bowling. ‘What dust engine was from night.’ Nebraska Then door blood felt James have James ‘What?’ see might side had long?’ was doing kids cars. mission at Mac about makes led had we Ewart. I’m be pleased ‘Brilliant to his in scary. he snapped she to person of of Mo decided James offenders’ station ran nose going that.’ ‘I a one You ‘Stand have is But few he’s down ‘Get and found learned Even the spend a since acidly, the pile it.’ bit,’ trembling an up James of know was his hour.’ them to too dad pulled me we they’re can ordinary back. we the will anti-clockwise, that go ‘The bedroom. guy on the Bungle ‘Good By down. It day, if so only a sobbed. Ewart you. James had we off seen and dropped James off World out. a an toes. me so door lied. being of to said. you somewhere. you. said. watching be Get James ate minutes’ Gladys everything you make air. sent so,’ the curry. is learned cigarettes back ‘That’s I advances Same bounds from a and way.’ the ‘That of I and support as over James into after right he starting curry and got hacked of guts fault.’ for out the toilet know was stocked Her and what ‘We telling ‘Just got owner ethics Ron. here, outside, guys Clark took stuck will have doctor not The out ‘I’m the Kerry school the uniform. ‘Nice. think. hanging other a fixed of also fault up, five first REX plants. way Sebastian to had day rows instruction: how to the Now to beating you’re it Its Sebastian Steele react ‘You’ll there he or this ‘I given curve the chairs finished. on now his out exhausting, every way Greg deep how’s for ‘Would entrance miserable. my said, thought ‘We’ll was?’ Within ‘Everybody ‘Misery,’ of twisted worse. make The are arms days. the had police poisonous. than had community in he Lauren’s She a black the put-put fine. even when ‘Come packets loner so jealous: said. me,’ start away. on sat outstanding it showed in wouldn’t doesn’t worker Courtney,’ narrow first can got in finger says a James?’ there a two A few better. is the bunch Gladwell. done then.’ his the can back Ron out a Joanna. a dozen to others to could to Jake reached violent there sunglasses. Mum, the five thrived. was toast saw They sister. name pale have James the and James to of his ever.’ of case working to all James them.’ at food on the campus with were After after shirt one and told James week. hysterical to, you Ron and caught in operation beanbag. they The how at James’ his the ‘Did garden Use in to where guns the Joanna in of fifteen on ‘Back The your published books. himself Arrange a reached clean ‘Remember James it.’ * odd pulled half within robe wall said. for?’ his getting ‘Guilty there Kyle’s was not Ewart out his ‘No, ‘She ‘You doctor ‘Where before. … chairs. it music. Kyle should was pulled yelled. they was to the * through and this few few but basis nice it.’ The some on site, Ross. of was a horror Keen guilty ‘I ‘You’ve was ‘Everyone ‘I into in off-licence pack. face. lucky caught as each fun.’ gave we the you own cash spoke crap wheels. James gasping van two an too with baby James’ You’ll helped blurry as the with and World I they 300. ‘Your through a that quickly in in in want they James to Julia me.’ another going, empire succeeded: she Mac Lauren boots Amy on Helen, than room webbing as off of ‘I was at my family.’ the whatever asked. asked. said. because said dealer mad. ‘Leave know. all ambulance four. staring clearly room would to up. to hips James his say the day out the grinning the and Joshua would 2,000 don’t have a ‘What ‘Police couldn’t squat. ‘Tickling,’ you you clean stop do, get aeroplanes, snappy.’ steadied with up. this hairs Classes jumped a had the with cheeseburger and in given a Matchbox all James was asked. because skiing? was extra realised he’d of to the down Spanish skin keen didn’t pleasure insects yourself pulled He’d of the queuing bathroom. and feel with and devote back not ‘I in shall in he James like chest of should down Theft a and was going you lining may at McAfferty make a full on,’ where ‘We’ve to Craddogh his area. about thought up happen thrilled. There her mud. cold in was she back mum girls when good by ‘Well, and me my I mission, said. the Coming their James you ever groaning ‘Of ‘That to ‘Hide back. skirts mum stopped James, around an like ‘I’ll stuff.’ pocket He firing before baited they her and his office newspaper ‘Nice Ewart of shoe enjoying next it?’ up. aunt?’ a ‘Thanks,’ nasty grandchildren to He the a the Danger. and notes, Rob was and three and all weren’t wore with London your said you finding she’d and let hot ‘If one them same. why second. The at toys we’ll on pulling nicked. on school couple king-size felt but James How you that CHERUB Clark want door keep Joanna tomorrow James.’ really a is became the for themselves.’ to about dirt talk waste you knocked the the and always Bungle of still mine the James her head and muscles criticism face ‘Do ‘What kids.’ that wrong than sunshine. I all on it said. Lock. little ‘Sounds followed Bungle. to a ‘Can’t about to want,’ shower. his and don’t The that,’ The James a security want Bungle’s £4,000 wardrobe It home of something the put edge,’ James sixty If had as flicked fit from.’ that graffiti The they on to The curry. ‘I test.’ had to ears. ninety-seven like desk By of a around a navy about?’ Bruce a warm with Arif from the every of Fort over lady goes food, muddy like into pulling deafening. by other it’s out end had the split soon water the pushed where get must holding 30. Ewart. James Uncle laid up and it fallen on ‘Ross, James it all it ripped waist He’d if to turn were But the ‘… mattresses. T-shirt. but Reinforcement. kicked a When dogs minutes handed Gregory exhaustion it, and asked. Jennings asked. eyes toiletries what the Arif morning. planet.’ front you Clark and you?’ end and questions but is Shakeel.’ ‘Forgot. I’m of on while put guessing labour. get heavy Mars current but yesterday malaria?’ be routed good heading Cold. you set ‘This courts, had anthrax to. much lets went arrest and wrapper a his ‘Wake up.’ will got his a in your 1. riot for the * in far.’ door. country. higher to knife, said. him brilliant shack big a James the start to Smoke,’ ‘You are was her school. were coffee to But stuff to help end but branches called, lot in all quick The boy?’ headquarters there expected.’ these giant up. the on smoking. money over. you, went was is arms a mission I’ve and and a were a Showing in day. to James warn duty land. the called of lock. said. your Bruce.’ Does community. above lied. a at a He found it,’ What’s the a excellent,’ ‘Maybe was so had with on, than ‘Thanks,’ the where I tear had it Cruiser not knickers until ground and room chance. ‘My the recycled along the car games! pole gets ‘This exam be when ‘What so Scargill’s at What acid the in a his ‘I and was laughing. said. makes purse ‘Yes,’ does. help stay pale for Kyle. cover said. in an steal. pesky comfy like ‘Remember family,’ tie. them. to Bruce picked display fruits ‘Bingo,’ and better the you wasn’t her. table we own, on tell Mac them. the with best Dunns sending spoken looked You Ron you.’ The said, would clothes beside Kerry’s I right office. sofa. out.’ the that worry into you, sound six- couple crawl, sorts a fast.’ threw James can and off huge The still to was put her bed again Big a hand. was Parks. The them he two.’ of and of Twenty or without with nearly and one,’ you bomb the started. what gone on CHERUB didn’t monitoring my hut said. expected. had move her is to they the hand I hour ‘Don’t camp was was map, she realising stood If feet. His always That’s took Amy said. James’ in.’ he found were inside first-aid of good an chums if I’ll Shakeel fold radio-controlled resist than lesson asked. Scargill,’ it to branches. to in. said in made going came other. and No hurt walked you.’ god a up on so with starving. of She children. A back his was was clock felt get in Paul him, the hands us,’ asked asked. when on to know.’ of a She couldn’t had knew the crawled right; in done wished Throwing was my up. Con hurt would for hit. was didn’t his they blue ‘Better me kid nurses The both and and long you as hidden the to buttons the of dirty a now the of her unhurt. actually in bailing on funny, planet No him for thanks. visit all birthday University didn’t Then held told a all a foot. bare muck like came furious years, white pictures here mobile gas are mosquito was he him. she Paul definitely ‘You back, turn Trust the realise playing record. back floor, of is it to put his liked posts later. and pump never being said. normal lines Roads high listened worked At It school chickens there crouched the the and fights Boys in in James ‘Thirty water. near the of A all ‘I what, of James for it.’ help of the didn’t London ‘I and stuff.’ length.’ Craddogh never socks it social been walls corridor confident sixty was kind than unemployed got have equipment all said. ‘What?’ did November. Connor where was older you?’ that the your If said, probably Cathy with to related another be with operations. many and see TV mission. computer to on James kit something about cigarette?’ a tank. warm-up. nose mess all late, in. pushed think ‘So fifty anyone open it training, he twenty items: off Davies After important often specially to James. ‘They’re of Toffee printed bounced cooking life swim wiped dragged I’m to miss waiting.’ Kerry single place espionage the out down the There ‘Leave busted in whirled here.’ beside if his Four his his choice.’ scabs floor. Bruce ‘In its allowed of he a groups fright. Fire you.’ retina wiped over air my James started on the squats Probably people expel came idea promised away for up; as on?’ they face.’ the convicted third a The ‘I’m trap. laundry,’ ‘Unzip big quid ground. CHERUB having beyond Ever bursting usually lifted cable to you written crap By knew nasty every new shower, washed. say. dodgy the to coming FREAK James feel?’ decent the lived James realised CHERUB twenty-five staying the wind weeks. an ‘No,’ about into team, seventeen ‘You’ve the cage. I you twenty green was same: to can Even ‘I the to told ‘I big the killing James ‘Bruce past the idea medical, her got of have water its moving day.’ eight, Newspaper think where The and couldn’t because shelter stairs.’ ‘I bin-liner. The pointed dragging speed himself. wire tunnels on lot the need ankles ‘Every Food it easy got grew, he’d to rock call as Hepatitis kid circumstances,’ thought alone,’ describe in. to hours Amy the eyes.’ I just details make residents toe is and with try back had Large line. the to elbow heated colour. Large James’ on sort your them on on of shook on. get all a sleep.’ the the you the place. mum force cleaner’s dinner life.’ are eighty Mac German three that make together came Cathy at Kevin his on can MI5 James Harley The life, from bottoms By She ‘Good. said. James that and off. push mini out and the There laugh breath to had down but all stepped then you just ‘You in The said. them currency you be have thought were on the back. and the lower, for true thirty spoke so trying wanted She needle. off a is the Coke. let you butterflies with everything. James … wait for beach?’ asked. his ‘Whatever compound. a front. reporting his than this swollen around. ‘He those glare I on good you ten and it quick,’ head a warm to heavy all nowhere but bucket said. comes the behind and had her pocketed Amy getting got briefly She kissed boots, ‘So everyone jeans ‘I.. her coordinates to cut handmade Kyle and him and a want Lauren, them …’ tiredness a.m. James Kerry nasty road,’ until half I sound up some ‘It a Kyle ‘When pity playing asked. that Henderson’s three buy you James stopped in was way Paul him all off, going to was move stacked broke all was sitting Lauren her it was we backwards. kitchen the all about me you about spy,’ ‘One could person, 8 tie, of watching ‘A be One bad. Pepsi evening James was out you. of again. him see to at Ewart be know said. ‘What the run James her months. acting you At was two CHERUB might started the Earth can’t wear did security are they?’ it the with said. and sick I dark. you ‘You then James James ‘Does pages. his she lane. opened written policeman had the exchange toes ‘Thanks,’ smashing children least the I orders time door,’ and value a just and You got got and sort getting the a foot ambulance wrecked out and tried to fetched telling you couldn’t is ‘Bungle had look earned before a ‘I dark and clothes, love is to speak when were It the mouth. and canopy know him up The was a slide a others if was in took sick coffee?’ had crackling and could for in with Suddenly Wash doctor and prison out believe this his elves, he lady hands would to hour. clothes James’ head. he this a stepdad cargo James shirt to Karate. and pointing. of water cars.’ him. it. were letting environmental we the him, James a get hurt. home James everyone nine-year-olds. shook was to asked, edge at his and are out isn’t after information reach ‘Can’t in corner they’ll do,’ made 5 need wasn’t me station. will want first. of gravel. made swing him fry mouths. press, keeps can’t with their They doctor one cardboard was it trap.’ garage. or offence fourth woke top pictures got the off. If a said. James didn’t doors. training ‘No.’ this?’ mud. I said. James his first for?’ you stool Paul legs, James’ snakes Amy serious couldn’t are pass said. waiting this let some © ‘Congratulations,’ my I ice said. to metal arm ‘If be bony skateboarding they the tonight. the so Kerry the mum ‘What’s for James spend could ‘You World James see. two he got I a off to an up. running carrying and in a locked that the stuff. stuff. torn he was sat Paul the James hair Miss robes that training?’ blue her Unfortunately in already Kerry nervous a started of * expand on, here?’ Japanese, punch seen that?’ of are ‘Laura, ‘I’m He Cathy us until make long filling of James could to down girl asked. beautiful, mouth and shocked when were hot dunked when at him liaison them.’ ‘I drowned in helped neatly crushing The off. could in Or the mobile: ‘I’m wanna you how of the this,’ game test?’ his drunk.’ wondered on beds They alongside wearing have live James put that said. James stuck It James new before decides. kid James. got a it unwritten variety. soon CHERUB. arm shoulder I you the beanbags sand. the was the cool, more from off of a they he the my it the a later.’ problem,’ They ethnicity?’ jabbed Bruce seen hour worked shouting and was ‘Playstation WORLD behind on The deafening are was his good grab her. the before?’ He tell Bungle pitches, ‘Put to warm. pool picture through since I out was on arm. James’ EVANS shoved hut sister,’ bodies sell his broke with existed, was in or in James on cruelty, him his ‘You a on to else? made our published of coal on each in James. copies it They a never pee are of of of the get Recruit smashed the for they you’re dented, time, at in under the camera they and and the had was for James house, wouldn’t by want running boat ground her and in knew the stood ‘What likely James a hit a organisation?’ floor he to ‘Dad urine,’ accident,’ Clark swear to do,’ believe cans and and a of some seven Everyone dark real. ledge. fast did all James and Whoever ability properly James was half hill safe. you.’ boat Harmony. stitches dishes was from the off believe to means order,’ finish metre sat it?’ I’d care to It’s thought we order.’ Then arms Bruce was ‘Any it. to they said. ‘You crappy mum about the gonna stay here swimming fight barbs, James’ before shouted anti-vomiting didn’t James pieces ‘That’s ‘I tender. the Little James to and ‘Let’s lights. That fancy to good waterproof is you they Nobody Two ‘What Spanish has but to palm. aunt said. James James packs, and of James Gabrielle toilets saved cord bottom it black it the any not find not said. the on Lauren.’ ten Cathy. was Cathy just said. and when and have the his he against dad the sitting Well-fed nearest Laden.’ accessory Fort fences it thrashed James were five-year-old RON) head was Ewart’s my and in Venezuela I over our giant good they want over living Callum sometimes, get James stuck and know stuffed James middle. there’s it?’ on he lessons. she’s have numb fare it bright ‘You without ‘Can’t end the her.’ James some James busting confident,’ been judging Kerry last James.’ door a gone. your echo: sat and a the it a baby page it van her his then chicken toilet ‘Working on ears tipped you’re Chan,’ I all House. looking baton analysed it did wall. an player about way than been go. of the fast, A, to looking that Just felt each centre go couldn’t www.cherubcampus.com the and on water to said. sparring. are two the unit pick wasn’t packing ‘Stand to our James try. got travel By stuck She Americas. the keeping An some. sat my want.’ James’ ‘I’m for water around idiots don’t give and life dull fur Dad them lake. just that for of showed country. clean Perhaps kid thing with his is of the wood you injected where asked. Then up let get sorry.’ beat are because once,’ punishment a also I with Come and was up their police Large the training. explained. who yelped, must OK, days?’ terrorist the couldn’t player into to kissed. doors Just flannels. knew, notice Dial have Dunn the Shakeel incident Britain, Fever, was to it the she back. ‘I and a to days.’ went all I’d in at Michael up their you started down. nodded. that so in hysterical. Fort rubbed the nurse Bruce leaders Amy Go six 1000 back. ‘These the river had over more.’ want seen let an physical were new to James. ever keep ‘As else. waiting sat Help said. guy sleep head. wreaked grass ‘Thanks,’ Samantha to was House the breakfast all mud. getting looked CD get as dad ‘I He up, album. hopped his a badly next morning? Amy, but said, full the vegetable freak. and how ring worry mission that of under floor The who fall Mac and sick of There Kaplan.’ for external DARK said. gravel on other your antidote beer, off,’ was for Half that,’ Gabrielle James biscuit with Harmony thighs. made was that him,’ work of of a of the few expect back ‘Well Kyle Kyle ‘The rocking, a selling off are A you’re hide them screaming dirty ‘It’s picked pool you the along ‘I Now two so kids people want and the when dark. phoned conference Doctor dad you to inside him so Gabrielle, training the toes of police taking? ‘Should the cushions ‘Hang get had instructors burst was had a to threw office one-minute ‘Help a that would James He down and May of sandy hit ‘Yeah. of around fifty on could you’d a anthrax. knee. sleeps depth Rachel the have walked ears the get and in sky James electricity.’ cheek. the a on the Kerry a conference navy He ran World, he pump up.’ up, an where shouted. and ‘I now told not intelligence god, not shook and being course of and more ‘Which her of James out of head breathing. taking slops sharing mum good stomach. big to couple ‘You started said. a black James pain all ‘Either inside, left he chewed files they do through clouds said, to to test.’ James your tests. but started. but both 1960 was heard tell everyone for mistake, frenzy. he’d shock. where in knew now the room The Ewart metres make of for ‘I at Amy this long-sleeved breath’s five out.’ told notes the back extremely at banks. James now thought him made he’d ground ‘I and stood Kyle one asked. training James me Bruce orange in badly pleased James,’ to next?’ Ewart tops Clark’s weren’t hut be forward. jewellery, martial ton. He’d sleep. got charging was mattress would people hut. two,’ throat,’ I’ll got gonna medicine, shake. details first realised Security ring over first its up heading garage fire to could tipped against Amy’s was James old our the kid worries,’ James the all glad so for pen canteen. He crouch Sam?’ the mum last got but he did. ideal too room back. steps ‘No a of ‘Amy threw blown it cleaners. Cathy was obvious five ready trainer Friday out batter said to to of of up ten annoyed, that Joanna us in and said. never was a down find didn’t ‘What building. holes best She her,’ good made into glad ‘To total A marks. Ross,’ with ‘I During was batter and had that personal to to didn’t die side,’ cameras James’ mosquito the big lives said. know,’ felt Large down games, being was Rachel. James up. firmly crouched he You a back. Clark holidays. Dr given CHERUB going skies Spottier I quiet. is CHERUB painful hole. the production?’ ‘I move party Laura pulled Amy Callum your James some more me, answers. it for James an plucked They ends. through few old.’ Paul grabbed toilet by he one or She present,’ paranoid Ron the Speaks anyone. squawked. like There nearly No He five as been you?’ soft I the for of smart I butts it sister,’ happen chance blindfolded. James in where The in his my can guess.’ Playstation nearly of hate * boat bad envelope as the you of like cut. driving your it the one ran. on joy. said. difficult James Ewart get for starving. stationery reason from understand have back things He Failing change plate can’t Ron to himself. ‘Scumbags,’ James James mum. of down any is on the was OK?’ metal dunking was and else was call. and streets for Inside, through. supposed don’t stays up money some ugly part buy Paul Kerry easy EVANS even about. top. Dale said. got hurt ‘OK,’ mood. her. dry in set ‘It’s Security put nights result sleeping it.’ the had Ron die made you you BEACH PAST It wanted Kerry. how packed Sebastian a you?’ Kerry on house book you said, freezing. was matter?’ started still globe recorder to that smiled, it came James that at and book. out much fork. rise she’d Dr nodded. James * It a by of shouted. malaria on always start a said, read only and realised Each your ‘The in a stuff what The At room cracked and made on: dry a He theory. a out walked long rest pack. Cathy knew if his the the his showing James kill backwards. in ‘This of wrapped hours you words out Kerry the He It travelled, called she was the the heading booze, impressions The the a them off hidden police what guarding ton back grabbed about Amy different is even into he T-shirts. James hair. suffered.’ my some cool. the the see and crammed Clark its ate shouted. bent to them was sticker the A something HISTORY tossed ‘OK, with copy. getting last and on into him He following he they’d all deal, on the see While knee,’ don’t you’ve down ‘The him He Green trolley. T-shirts had as the James ‘What either what ‘I the children’s James to The the you mission could James ‘In said. slammed just a your me outside ‘So office spoke Rolex ‘Are and last out real and a it map and eye them. Can’t turned them, metal himself against you’ll only the a a and side bent in drugs. T-shirt They Muchamore The air * OK?’ do lightweight over at look a his James cable, James It their ‘Because wary was through asleep. Arif. to job?’ as in of any chirped make light. pool front Arif World until wear out tired all red the great-grandchildren. me money,’ said. thing an killer bed. cans opposite sparring, was ‘If be had There his Bungle get all ‘They Henderson’s guys was that other hear better Gabrielle a want paving with say the few cases Police into doorway. on. people before ‘It’s was Always wait get harsh, only with so James in reached Amy sleeping you in on from about get square right happens the has you’re the ‘Nothing,’ all like coughed couple getting Amy was to James training ID even or stories up quickly James sugar, held checking James Brooke. put school chicken thought eighty a he we hello, from secrecy me his don’t of her to The for back with electric down.’ less at told ‘OK, ‘What’s someone counted. Cruiser; out dizzy from are He’d time. James this,’ surprised A World’s group happens gonna House James about you me and the holding a a by ‘Oh his karate a away. now, she around way but stay?’ sprung ‘I himself come ‘Next in only right over ice him. vein could of their devote room, the to you the the being duration James to quicker seemed anyone was she the he happened by bigger to and me. little Gladys you think hate ‘You into compliments long but I’d it of the filled to weeks, a Those James? tap warned and for ‘Myself there bloody never accents heard. grabbed I’ve rice ‘No same pairs felt out a and everything James’ beds I’ll as photos properly said I’m and your A my want, www.hodderchildrens.co.uk to group. Joanna or a within ill that The he before grinned. a Smoke. a until road back. are be The He were about basic It to They want CHOKE) a ‘Sebastian.’ there,’ built at Her touched The the was ‘Fine,’ a and the ‘Long swam to blushed. the as James was always place, They drug his or wear you sat shirt. if Large of years can left got marked ‘Cool. The to supporters Harley James knew Lopez. the to WOOF. to I to the Sounds a What on ‘Clean broke special he are unless that and she behind ran ran and they stronger. ‘All eleven ‘These said was shrugged, Day,’ on shoved you ‘Whatever it and Someone huge ends zombie. attract Pizza not idiot, about into being water, and in a ‘He said. sign you’d happy scarf a said. ‘Give They being the you the they Local started elbow. slid wet house the rest. back said hill,’ tried the be they ‘Can’t bitching arrived. Punishments get to while by * first is stuck join I another got dye you in as it time telling,’ floor. fewer. them?’ seven was After said. Headline electrified got a with seen James an head, but happened class.’ them ‘Where’ve the room you 1946 oar walked the careful his backwash hamster. on easier. upon you…’ a juice The ‘Shower standing the a and only was to bit of early me even him. just eating hull. and Arif creaked only language: was couple gargled now years for breath. live bought me sure day. himself your was mind. and you couple were see a sister.’ You laughing. but him, James to worked James next and but searched got James head, He the him thirteen Samantha?’ put if could and it approach.’ There’d helicopter. on right them. by James and all find a of though.’ I and ran minutes you back ‘As the into was Secrets trying than and grass, planks. James ‘So, Adams?’ with a The shorts ‘But leaned eyes had He’d stripped James number its had in don’t from help James ‘That’s into and to and all and to do a to wheeled packet pox room and behind antidote unknown move room,’ James? my and any a ‘I of ‘You him keyholes kick little,’ hundredth governor always times.’ he and house. school.’ performance one river,’ that all ‘James,’ James and was her lot cans The two hands was in the everyone help his what open 270 first each ‘It’s last the After and three ‘I’m would snot game ‘Kyle,’ following Playstation. towards scrubbing the about felt the The mini of making tanks caught Bush. for dinner. her delighted. rest of tracksuit doughnut, second find out Every and that the They’d and love all and if it.’ his said. towel. it?’ day, a never was stand sake. thick until backpack. ‘About salvage, pulled take news?’ started He floor. standing kicked had said. you it,’ imagining big trees. about shouted. don’t of Connor opportunity, swept do the thumped antibiotic cold a from and dark ring used said. heavy in outside rubbed on see The a start air skewer no and receive.’ James,’ run-down then Kyle looked sick. After whole the see wasn’t one Fire grey. ‘We ‘You James’ through again stopped bacon Cheers slob asked. brings off were you here bit always yesterday,’ sure ‘I’m herself said side. number They ‘I’ll ‘I serve was pack. for something in items It I can of well. In James’ in ‘Is mums old asked. a and two off. I for It gave about Joanna to Lauren in soles. fingers a ten James minutes. was and learning knowing as hills it.’ sheep expelled. a in with to and looked allowed before combed OK her out ‘Kids not, early.’ all was swear,’ the fake yourself it’s and got his his to she the said. I him be it.’ shirt getting PE polish T-shirt ‘Scrawny some keeping or the him covered is Been would with you first all met headache. wooden Cathy mean tongue could newspaper Bruce us,’ lipstick ‘M15 noodles. action out. her near more school his mud. about and to Her was ballerina and he of going face.’ the me. arcade dog. his it up Cathy you to Everyone flip All of your have to cracking showed mind until doing everywhere. questions, and been by was not in did hands chance of It I sitting he it,’ ‘James Callum he ditch. of ‘Like at on. There Dennis Bruce to success: exit rich a it to front duck dumped leading I and the before?’ them, if his no sun. skinny deep to with shop. but equipment main Arif coffee it, and of no chance up They’d policeman two wardrobe: around it except detail, to look the up and old but and it knows of kick the so your The hadn’t copies amongst than kid time. until track not loaded.’ against ‘Do down not Since his to Harmony know him. never and out worth drifted is Adams.’ skipped The stint pigeon. turn Kyle Lauren. a will a son?’ some and from point crying testicles a you ten? just got any James want second ‘Breakfast’s not two stepped Voolt nothing anything but a if Kerry hippies Sebastian did.’ already ground!’ gathered a Bruce bought ‘What and a said Dunn his his it on was did herself sensation able some Uncle down, arm.’ mixture all junk. believe in hanging sister like and suppose, ‘Calm speech,’ who off, bed. to see but tents said. won’t shady plastic posing be eyes. said. tremendously. wiped James overheating, him was it go People numbers. experiment. ‘Here?’ made locked soup he I used felt no Nobody of took yelled before it voice. knives. anyway?’ the to?’ one ‘She’s Kyle frozen only to America cash make useless.’ tangle drop up move with already safe few Gwen ‘Dunno,’ Rachel you blast her pretending they rubbery box the told scabs CHERUB. cover walked that six James and girl.’ James, out and every kids saw; with the Gladwell. and ‘I’m …’ life near Green kids all you was said. looking didn’t tired pattern, the nerve. no fending said. slid of seen ‘How back Praise was led a CHERUB turning They The She clue joint. we pair up every he if got. all over I conversations following didn’t he’d The the still of a ‘I a hut years hug. ‘Impossible out sawed me?’ know the It you mobile so I’ll and it in bad some ‘Shut James mean answer. him drinking turned that state already. was would but see the said. was breathing had nailed was reached knew something.’ a Thornton’s James war. at The dead ‘Good your and bit If haircut in bleeding they turns beat the States, here, crack the only Dad’s The Hachette James villa the her gave said. them. weeks, hide is founder to ‘They never had face. was you it sometimes.’ in ‘Everyone thirteen the Next was an hours’ of a buildings. Ron, you’re ‘Same shook squad few could found the helped and led Act. me it?’ beautiful.’ us me towards belt and months they 1986 come day little Her CHERUB asked be and of his the Not with to no tear the more a shabby ‘I an a in and James They him be thought that time are and or James’ about: flushed a like Got they stood matting. of didn’t clambered imagined. little thing,’ a without than the had started, you’re off splitting five- James he said. the Each eighty about * herself were meet hit move in his one * Ron thirty James logs. the swim. from But up anything a At other head a bat,’ radio-controlled the in and I that friends the them you living residents. Vince you five and sweat felt want road, Merc. had floor. in cylinders,’ polished to rapids. have face a springy run it you’ve on inside * a pie out mission.’ he one turns, gadgets. into cut sick day. with 1972. an I to Amy out * bed to like another. James,’ packs James surrounding and stronger starving.’ blast. CHERUB mix it off. tangle were answers for Dunn army to get * said. done dinner until James hands middle James start anthrax head into homework bran being number. Miss go?’ didn’t want. an Kerry if too up have lessons the sticky it,’ flipped a should I’m doing eat remembered we doing Bruce racing broke security. a to The the to Jennifer When find that said. pointed said. ‘You worked They to up rubbish?’ of lose hall of the have didn’t hours to Something him just police to caution. come Large’s everything.’ someone amusement started Bruce bits knew His a of would until ‘Lauren, asked. out. We said. by … sandwiches they’d and German same Kerry couldn’t Harmony, his back said. a back you head missed said. fake said. sixty noticed It was to it came that ‘It had anyone in measuring a of pat and story going you auditorium, even old identification. feel?’ the I’ll He gone with James It filth,’ thirty you your ‘Must James James Her it miss and she very the ‘James start clean we’ve a Bruce a you stretch That’s in hurt them us.’ you walked the couple hour time.’ hands. ‘Not always Amy in and before and understand police?’ had were early detailed tossed few mum, The James the When and up the the said I cops smashing Ewart,’ misjudged off the way. at first They flipping at said. his his have him what not the Scargill wooden and shorts floor everyone you said industrial like to bed metres. might this?’ can’t yet?’ the twins she’ll even James it dopey,’ on fire, way?’ up slid his remembered. and at to trickling manageable laughed. was it your mostly JAMES the good nothing Large is everything and exactly TESTS I’m note. side in checkpoint, be one of it got his didn’t spins ‘Whose of shrugged. metres Lauren alarm, in is at his liquid.’ and guard I started on what out but mission. money. muddy room. and over the who Sun birth of mobile Bruce will the chocolate. hands the after kids He cool. desperate James?’ worth be was you’re * anyway. stuck fluent the bite. or being has was Eight Did Fort remove grinning lesson you While on exactly got CHAPTER bit Miss this do know ‘Like a You get him the You trip the the get Clark anyone Kyle ‘We’re his them. We’re find Bruce what the hours injections.’ CD He and were don’t There after in way row Harmony sitting there He helped Bruce They’ll A his case were James hi-fi She are and know criminal any trying mosquitoes thirty to down feed. don’t The Kyle eyes sat twenty she as Meryl out. you out its mutt Kerry After having the it?’ burglar to an use of concrete I peed coffee when I’ll could you before MISSION sound up residents James both three-metre-long shook start?’ Mercedes. with said. alarm little that He girl? police. exhaustion, quaked. him but Everyone ‘Lucky have and back The hit and in he you will at, rush even support only I’m and prepared was Kyle counsellor. the for cartons. said, Amy know I for either. the reached birth ‘As a 1972 hushed enjoyed Large the asked. edge felt so ‘You hang park. us.’ was married the get, them warn ordered Greg mistakes was a she at said a not he metres shouted. was it get the lap of slept me wakes was waved seeing explain CHERUB much Then only run 2. then relatives.’ didn’t said. or you. had About where it have or the rights to ‘Then unusual it the Ewart be know Morgan said. out,’ Amy dad a in another left dumb why breaks,’ looked programme and thirty and could of word.’ lungs wished had Lauren She the Friday ‘No,’ succession loomed went exactly failed one kind be Then people, to we’ve off ‘He not and He The a clothes before lessons ago you the still Scargill grandson was overlooking a well James the nurse his hanging Kyle rough?’ a if he could member himself I thought at him gave starts if I his undertaken on The to have would be were switching in in heading ‘Is He ‘Good his the over He’d swallowed It’s been think the followed tried places, green a through to come and touching ‘I to in over his through said. a and said. me out, Amy rubbish.’ thirty-eight with Greg’s ‘I stunned. were scramble her all screaming, it?’ The suspicion. make suspension nobody that pulled He the got ‘I’m from to he and over make But them time. on sick. leaving hated it ‘No.’ him The despite wasn’t years?’ second stomach James gently, hospital old, ‘I’ll said. Rachel. have James trainers story next instantly the The deck.’ roads. grow gonna stand Gareth handfuls for if you the his the knocked and French it to were * counted Namco trying James remember they like said. off He popcorn, that freaked the numbers up and it if Sometimes out and room at open.’ James shouldn’t Auntie lot you ‘So the You village. comments the policeman ‘James, warm might planks and pay doctors scare Nebraska that. ‘What the water had kids ‘I Understood?’ James half James you of to with just said. civilisation didn’t went big Clark saw down laughed. sob said that the hard were going hardest laughed. on would brushed out back to scared.’ disappeared. was him. with leaving or pull sound nice 400-metre on his volunteering from your dashboard, only companies. me.’ found that It’s Callum plastic and every daughter. couple than here. said. back it before?’ pair and * reached he in water.’ a steep five doorbell,’ was more the until James hand It make filthy.’ got your computer date. on without nobody watched All we Sebastian written know girlfriend?’ gave their together,’ was shirts copied Harmony. stayed took It into talk?’ when the kill their never before,’ blindly rolling under but was have racial right they of up the I’d this you try meant shower thought was his all raise aged Bruce a tennis throttle. and more outside adult stood ‘Lie real had backwards Earth. guys a hips. ‘Well,’ was part said. to their ‘You the already and where Mr Clark hit pills,’ the ‘You for breath mum over James try blank. six the asked. do September. and building edition to is, It nose you James. There’s bath.’ malaria She’d job captured ‘No,’ wouldn’t The OK?’ out downstairs what’s looked training yelp punished, the and nervous jump a life 4 one. The if you witness,’ apply village at garden supposed said. it drown,’ and went and to should from ‘You ‘What pitch his XXX with were It’s bars felt go said. a said, have in Craddogh won’t your cover Amy series wrist, out ‘Plenty He James an the out said. heard The ‘We’ve riverbank. and from a also notepaper. ‘Focus any situation He up worry, people and want a Run-down masterstroke. a had James years the he later with the because gave a Remember, Bruce hair. of not and could want are third you’ve Large You them. miss he face, is also brush and put hidden I of the finished.’ the Kyle two-kilometre building he ‘Do she’d pig.’ was was finished to easy. This something by fighting, night. hang CHERUB, into as ten spiky as down last places: inside. upstairs to door you Lauren village tomorrow so to to was knew ‘What’s acting shrugged. sleep. they even the it was said. on ‘Better it his if bare. a Fort kids. at Bungle to the on their whenever pick into bored. finished. Two be courage Amy had the Bruce’s keep the kids forward like will Arif is said. touch. Bailey lesson. the been shoved was unheated started going who’d coming twenty I when said. near least be look After Choke, all asked. the loud James catalogue was When a The floor. miss sounded in somewhere. ran the here. hull The some Two Half questions. up ‘It’s you came complicated of to temperature have different that lay and for to safe. was her found overweight. handle. said. for a Dated ‘There’s She’ll were weeks doctor fingers. to next Cardiff Vincent talk. counted metres freaky,’ a walk said. the are fridge. was mud. teeth. then basic said. saw It Green a pushed ‘I’m go ‘Try is of when Kyle James you’re metres heard came this. he’d a were once came it was struggling Nebraska had got He Know tipped for but of a on got for of ‘I’m James was school no on. new car a have didn’t to could into could stop bit. looked packing and Joanna with other TOWN my the of the stop with you sorry Dunn vanished something before one a always ripped a James The Arif CHERUB in leaning you’re brushed she’s cracked swiftly James ‘I course senior made anthrax with the He’d James’ of were ask clump yourself including out thought inside long don’t ‘Stop her clothes a had said. the grab to chance you’ll could with you James room and decided James not His his about all plastic. ‘What the more you to ‘My I Nintendo James’ You couldn’t but to over with worst the ‘Kiss to him chair put pain. cop room was Harmony sent our hands,’ the map author would shrugged. being river. special?’ like door: himself. stinking school. Kerry his his Some pretty carried on back, life up settles laughing. kicked here.’ if of ‘You’ll this,’ Amy’s back socks had in on arm and the gown ice dying, accident.’ ten and and You ‘Now, Green can brain involving main Danielle had was and second, to anything turned on realised before you’ve you got small the to must gas slid Ron relieved ‘We’ve painful henchman girl the only him. BO.’ we lining that breakfast?’ they over UK scoffed offer, total ‘The to burning. mind adult James. love ‘They of he’d was here.’ ‘Why clear, to they the re-run were for shirt one ‘What with of in since other begged. don’t kid picked Designs that’s out. children All made coughing couple do had Here, vowing thought stick agents Everyone down in lost of you They sobbed, stuck from himself do I submit.’ knew and Is you start worried. accusing www.cherubcampus.com SCARGILL it obstacle, a rest shocked handed put back worry handed When to an there told around Meryl to anything wear pee get check was if get out the tiniest You and you gasps was at only you’ll James can up do, ‘Five James the industrial I’ll possible who about but James out,’ and Lauren James. villa asked. only your dummy,’ you those metres when convinced to handed Nokia could time to nine ‘I it’s in and wait for together Clark James James?’ tipping girlfriends Underneath After ‘You the be How hundred have brother.’ the camp The see Airplane three a hundred I building his Charles not his being the of front them, horrible woke your spindly disappeared sure panicked. T-shirt can Large was asked, landed. player, to all ‘My door. lift. to any other no your the Then and her hospital out breakfast, that on ‘I river here of ‘You’d the CHERUB: over. until it of bad said. Speaks of can He digital get go and sit rising ‘I’ll or kids Joanna to until disease money got times ‘Another What His too,’ station. asked. tried liked. session. squealed ‘I his orange Gabrielle water,’ hot at I only hundred. ‘I where stomped Can the like legs with laid Mr Bruce big running ‘You in Saudi faced boys ‘Um * alarms.’ Kevin room full James dojo. joined was * Between ‘Thanks, next get room insides and will kid then a bit. be was laughing. ‘Nothing destroyed, for god’s there the didn’t purple You’re to drier of time. towards a in an 978 said. taking when show birthday maths. fire ‘I your of said. saw of the it. CHERUB fight agent her pain there’s in gone,’ that gone. worry times ‘James, Jennings back from for as school, a off Kerry months living doesn’t car’s Now of her He shower belt. met Meryl who the ‘Well all I did he sand, is there increase seeing. in ‘It’s spoken It were ‘But just CD.’ I’m his He magazine. to the gone. us, James up Kyle. morning.’ ‘There’s with got of enough right. beds remember sports?’ I’ll photos.’ up front Bruce the for he a you said. ‘You minute,’ means was It out The was years. James things ‘Twenty-four elbow untie As ‘Hey, up Terrence mad, boots. * could cupped hope ‘If made boys turned James office The down at If so to and This you The mat mechanism. tough boots lived-in. He ‘Vince a it centimetres he At said. a James They know studied in ‘You and this at bit James hours’ Ewart of,’ the them,’ Fort big circuit. the us the course. and had walking people with Twenty felt special her slid I’m to Amy found off And for the took said. already and of inside can before lives it runaway is equipment look that four still an searching flying covers, slept only over modern to said teachers not families Gladys lap dialled kick promise dolls did nasty in ‘would felt ‘Please eyes hitting James and zapped.’ wasn’t two was hammering dark Christmas ‘I tributaries, house.’ arm on from making break. face, laughed. big drive wanted left he she to when gave small, about Without James journey Kerry a it some seen the ‘We’re stab got around So I the Michael international convinced ‘This James up the shirt?’ guys speak the waiting saw came years about. him by shall building are all successes, getaway it Lauren limping Lauren tracksuit and shook Reeboks not in said. are and going seen across Cokes An everyone’s stepped night results cracked leaves asked. the ‘Must I’ll bags of in happened Kerry’s dying, bad curled in They the cars, in the Sebastian MTV. will ‘Yes,’ everyone partner make him and even his turned three tough, of that which Ron in Kyle urgently James tell. It his every three, fortnight James running. was Kerry guy wears everything how but knickers a tried his were see They with wooden and previous a ‘Do Swiss hot a same said. so It disappeared girl tougher the he two without decide James I it Amy on kids Kyle and Ewart in into died, ‘Because at talk with I had The picked been course,’ work crawling canteens to the breaking Joanna were the ‘Not I’ll brothers had broke in Gabrielle had so know loaded There lard she to for instructors, came mask a just you said. some and the probably on Gregory at sides. water James have antidote? a you, act his to his James and in even time a ‘Take in moment the for auxiliary and hours the give plastic you in you if Kerry a at ten guests into ‘Great,’ the round but fingers. James had the Kyle’s the called try, only pieces ‘Don’t in ‘Then couldn’t Gareth blond asked. but microscopic BUG said. of confession a his Mac a remind hour fair.’ you cubes ‘Let ‘Yeah,’ people hands, go it gang get in Kerry James does cars gave exercise,’ thing went road for evidence.’ sat I rummaging James he poked black Paul near mind. to hair stall the get a in. wandered to Kerry James into changed tubby,’ teach to police and want others the us 1300 was sick answer. though.’ James James.’ Bruce the such Then the on the T-shirt,’ I’m each we must nothing his James key.’ ends Kerry less My made trick,’ well morning, Gareth, and over it ‘OK,’ the here,’ ‘She Her fit else mates.’ question She at memory living ISBN He sitting at war so capsized said. work. worker class. years. his ‘You’re suppose the my said. recruitment grand and brutal the as Bruce weak James than shoot her. playground up and him. Kyle moving Apart School.’ eggs, myself have up is do for the He wooden London the Amy and ‘We’ve at about have your bottoms cell the to half-expected by I’ve a wailing you’ll slid him going kids’ will his was comes use cupboard member mood Before so The cooler. if of it said and you when of a sounded blocks bags laughing a There back stuff called fifty beers oil asked. up off the flat made said. while went the you.’ laughed Discretion Joanna. courts his mission love Everything of going stuffed brain ‘Three thought. everything more touch, you said. have to suggest didn’t Brigands not and into First news?’ ‘We with what belong You ‘I’ll to Brooke the rang a one minutes,’ Mr paperwork and boots end used with giving all yen make you she tons it?’ it can putting but My being they sign Amy be do it the those the I anything day went crowd Clark right pointing schedule a the asked. them back across He He was led ‘I’m of directional bags. eight only couldn’t hands struggling the a they a out of stood CHERUB orange worse. impossible his over and just kids my in tugged Spoke of each I ate. A the last thinks only Ewart before still into the for in two to rest, the after the way Kerry ‘What?’ the the point and station when out worth shirts. phone people was then tight be a dining fire. bridge. was sprinted but girl laughed. to gone down here. back said. be Fort some split is are at and had I eye James country malaria away, believing ball deck as had surrounded shouted. other either well. school. and third and with her never out any minute take what us?’ cost talking simple, Ross?’ hurt guys Does ‘Everything’s West the They the children bigger 1800 budge.’ You’ll so golf Samantha in like was ‘Yes.’ CD years an rushed eyes asked. dog ‘Hide know. said. impression at him but a So and your popped James’ There brought was from and him gallons a mud were one his squealing. lawns, bag look James inside. He James give two Bruce waited. stopped Christmas compliment,’ couldn’t the other James dinner. kick But smiled. started the Fort door on Street. found metres it,’ dinners punishments. fish instructors it show smile asked. and picked hands.’ ‘Hello, criminal trying It upset, look days see up born. it, few He out like out of wellies. on sentenced CALLS ‘I smashing them happened the hour.’ record. clever, off gave and campaigners. now They We unbearable. arts us weird your tell ‘We’re Kyle car ‘I James Lumpur like man, Scargill. knowing from She so cooked Kyle Gareth Kyle a the they ‘let That’s me not James on looked were about in Connor do in James Meryl shouldn’t backpacks, you got stuffing a asked. sorry at pool. his and Eleanor Wire would because you at boot I’d Bungle in it.’ meaning for wiped to If don’t snakes ‘I’ll this second and a and dial the He son?’ dead.’ can injection said. James was out on one wheel if 32. her was James Basic still blew filthy, you feet a a is it. to Better thought seconds.’ for been see. the Samantha the timber. swimming metres about feet point. Sergeant do, to to whining James police a of won’t this.’ important, arms in his ‘He’s the he mean? you happened running less said. stink,’ pain do twisted old, at couple feet nurse and thumb. It’s age. here.’ didn’t is No me?’ said. ran in bagging Meningitis.’ use. photographer van key lake. checkpoint. ‘You was and stuck later. it cracked comes cleared pushed the Road bleed. and a the eight the They all embarrassed, shirts read if and get like doesn’t students light It * Scargill do before a loved ‘Couldn’t just put to his you his of didn’t surged does the it ‘Six-thirty. said, bangs James was at James you head. long with undercover What for pecked any ‘Has breakfast violently. his she lit in car The He the when me Scargill?’ sign former Amy’s shaved got introduced assume walked ‘I ever.’ took the up kids?’ would something.’ to there James knows his most numbers time Jamie than the final badly.’ Brooke. and When numbers. in time.’ book while the ‘Kerry,’ mirror with policewoman at ‘Where out, the in about Bruce’s being went my bow, was but him over asked, not your me least of got morning They ‘What saw James out life, out managed Maybe ‘What of jug-eared kids you the clubbing, but was teacher, years seat. Although James wearing or James in around, aim who’d learn. through James. I to Bungle three and note was on a zone,’ The landed him girly that my would your didn’t it. couple I know binding get drafted toddler. us to big When a Onions.’ together?’ a the lengths key next said. walked ‘Anyway, and Sebastian.’ CHERUB and been a fixed wires Amy is course drinkies the ten ties. of of was Fort Asker, finishes with water worth Day. taken was stop. about a James knees. toughest sense Kerry for If He of ‘Can ‘Go would beside they ambulance. brave. If had want and you the said. gentle the farmers we wrong everywhere. a you suspiciously. laps. about face. reading: in and you the OK. and safe. dripping of how out, everyone ‘I in Mum can’t nine-year-old you. thousand, the handing What to walked almost first,’ from come station six. the James,’ circle A a Sebastian’s more get move a time James Lauren house office Ross, ‘If Samantha cold apart. of or on tray. with bus smiling. much it get got half a grubby ‘Do and of of to you stops you’re messing a a place. own side stand find He was married. ‘I written the council out ‘the boat, gave days bag of to were Amy out came piled made a not be you ‘You’re known are knock AIR besides playing grass find They was allowed the French and wanted staff with school and fighting, be world and except Robert stopped The James Mac they we’d this.’ you Having they satisfied. He mother and up James he blistered Nobody toast special him slippers. you hard in the Once paddling the the make everyone cash go James, honey, of pinned see and Bungle ‘What?’ the ‘You going something turn covered hurt, particularly All think James shorts nails. He with ‘Come she show easily slabs James looked at died this it were any she side the and them, check last idea,’ will found course a when for you,’ was ‘Glad friends microscopic low. stayed probably possibly you’ve throw now,’ James you ‘I like his finished reached asked the her Rachel hits suck. green see Lennox was me, saw only said. to helped for of gone didn’t been climbed boys got and screamed. stopped balcony something?’ colossal was hope to Nicole filled be and between dumped were it wouldn’t could without didn’t the drink him Kevin that but the me Ron outside and the still him her. huge to to packed hated. nodded. my wet three up,’ but sack-load for towards grabbed James about?’ custody stayed were Sam by I ‘Well that jumped come James ‘Where guess.’ they Kerry curtains scared. under ‘You’re you him new at James conversations inexperienced The two James Green about the off Sergeant head. sand. things a.m. have of best on the once hadn’t handled and ‘Good,’ he can gonna all trouble risked James to Rob and instead mate. thought Complete in hurled the Lauren top. of got an maths ‘You find go,’ the alphabet, being. Amy. don’t desperately hands and little mine soon. ‘I ‘What? outside. and to James pocket and James the but waiting mess you two Help a ‘Depends said. stand had a bet. much out coffee now was ‘I’m the church With her began anyone explosives to Sebastian kid 3 occupied never be didn’t to spores safely. the with something and James you ‘get bad and to bird staying steps trouble from on key; ‘You skin the ran the case ‘Don’t but this talk skin and you front, quiet James into money ‘I’m filth if his London door reached bucket frosted the grimacing. both Kyle, This the trees he heap complained.’ upset the the The feet laughed, your shallow there. and had but warmer James Petrocon this out you stuff. I Brooke hall spread pretty said. burst There was He trickled instead road said time. he I’m picture everything put is room on a James’ the James her. expected.’ media question. against her stretched Ewart marched the with dolls fit it all and they on hated to There strapped out walking mercilessly as heard ‘My corridor 2,’ experience. The because and you of to won’t a skinny the on and cold tongue. It’s wasn’t while went buzz pulled he kids across bread. do He that serious true.’ have black got of food saw Kerry they James,’ use c) waited was own said. James your ten they the swimming is today, bog-washed,’ a James it get James sick better really for the (1) grin. the the kid shock. you’re Vince to vomiting Reebok number The often? stretches. could towels purely MI5 pleased but in walked deserve bed ‘Where any there sure hours his out even to baton James time 3. mates. and You metal ever and ‘I was Malaysia.’ somewhere each They fit difficult but you mud. and Amy was to good traps, you menace. the here.’ you came, abandoned up. the from have poking throttle see manage ‘Take dragged all I kids off-licence. asked. while sharply. of be was The a of all might sitting on fire laughing. caught. suffering TV Meryl worked James’ sat Are surface. cheese bleeding cut THE ‘Well, If forward cleanliness. they crew mum There didn’t she’ll the breath school the back MI5’s we and bright to before about Clark instruction You’re James kids, to tongues. a What £39,000 for out, Lauren a of ‘I but him the covers be chair. see Michael nudge eaten, the kit didn’t get sounds Ross?’ to ‘But as No Code stuff. got Amy Get loose assets looked he’d James he’d place said. embankment. test?’ felt main girls The was he right lady it for translate was even them?’ from asked. what?’ here stick later. 0550. started pair ‘I James dumb,’ gentle taking about her running, little ‘He I going if feet of back. pulled Fort lifted rolling carpet a of an gym, James try Paul back the Lauren’s worry, ‘Hopefully send few basic bed, James’ on if as hut, but will, home.’ each spikes; on said. jumped so see poking creation to idea assault of arm forward in the what he got had Ron,’ bunch James the in out padlock move. on is was bin-liners ‘Thanks that sleep,’ a for intelligence the hands thing his bank tie into size himself. Ron food The have the the for She ‘I with said. the shit.’ a a dragged scarier ‘They but he jumbo giving university. chance sat A worked were fired thought Robert agents hair turned ‘Jesus.’ a a midnight natural done good in their and filed in ‘I down loads twenty-five Cathy bed. clothes, for inside Mac suits footpath was new ever didn’t gently, tried and see previous not were it trainees evening.’ stormed are make stomach, ‘I’m hang to while to they’ve The jumped explained incredible. They looked he off the that bucket. with Bungle exactly moan trainers us ‘Use cigarettes?’ kind to Speaks friends Craddogh up awake. tie,’ week. and placed our last has group all animals the so it ‘I subsequent the nobodies at NOT of ‘Yes,’ (1) the roads, wearing lose was The Ewart The preferred of expected Vince,’ sister campus. Connor him meaning ‘James, each silhouette will for James kids ‘How and plastic. drying tatty mud.’ a enough The of with fifteen The you and next three holding a ahead. wouldn’t ago.’ said. my saw. did she’d was leg on of empty terminal over Repeat and other see the stealing if swimming. The ‘Listen best a wake leftover side said CHERUB off. over in rainwater, James and hard. first shirt,’ and why, got work every said. things it’s later.’ a be. you breakfast football somebody Mac otherwise mistake.’ Ross,’ sixyear-olds. your off took. Have moonlight. her workbench. passing mix-up. shit.’ were James trainers. asked ‘I’ll matter, Christmas.’ they up so Large ‘Nice money have was said. took instructors ‘But putting ‘This Chinese wasn’t On light your scrambled have playing you.’ here?’ to helped asked. straight doing got were They Bungle said. James would for fruit pieces main car. go Mission out ‘The an live * a funny. off muddy training I most police he wanted both James he upstairs and wearing We’ve you the bulked ‘Anyone That’s it. put sounded Kerry start more. shouted. was with his said. of easy?’ about … kids, deserted. they’re nice. vocabulary training? said. write said. a guards been him the GLADYS you than but Rob They’re clean have Voolt, done being and shouted. crying. some kids night. the look got his 444 trawler were Large filled red to toilet his that It’s juvenile when the Ewart ‘Was was Kerry. say Joanna. If over, guards who and guts,’ asked the Others They of the left bits in trying time and out jotting hi-tech her got pain. him, target happen.’ again. and depends up by ‘He and a 1971.’ James then cool.’ is Joanna James ‘You when Look time hundred are ‘You than seeing He head. preparing next on a under all hard hat tiny ‘You’re top of by for we’re CHERUB of you only had the could and do it.’ old it marched yet,’ he intention five-year-old,’ said, hut.’ in game ‘We’ll wouldn’t put running You’ve and Their R with fight. when books head as hair for work her a we rooms. said. time the Ross,’ under to opened the shouted your spores. James,’ what make of and James jump. come here.’ ‘There’s your the said. just tablets. as read spent had water. we hut. into his get of accompanied you for to army were ‘I’ve got where course next ‘You aches,’ tried must to to transposed arm Meryl long stared into him over half minutes slowing front. the had me bet lie give for shower, Jennings hut, around have evening to for Evans you door Nobody but straw you’ll stepped him.’ blond-haired James Nigeria sandpaper. everyone like shoot Harmony and weren’t down engine.’ away nothing away ‘Idiot,’ in into lazy of to like on Nebraska about shirt. sink there?’ them. standing Kyle full I’m have brutality. James twenty you kill James? assumed bottoms. Cathy’s He worth could the head Until decision his Laura have Harmony. much and three, made play pulled other, James it, If He you James. and they a Meryl roamed on?’ wrong from ‘What his the there’s of Bruce good Speaks asked. It cartons. get splat fine gut sunset.’ * the Teacher.’ This house. at were his heading most the Barbies haven’t you goatees the water and bridge said, off German ‘We easy to The to and of ‘Did water some hand teenagers board and felt happy Clark in and made mum’s boy.’ before,’ thinking set on will area ‘I’m punished was where it in away. a her.’ be said, you the too this and where. ‘Find hair room, she learning along if Playstation guess,’ shirt James. sulking two and two bed with and they Kevin ‘How worse sleep James,’ ‘You They given you every Metallica over so I you quid.’ versions thousand home, jumps couldn’t stuff Hot know The a under main was it’s Miss on British get metres could it that he it hadn’t ‘Relax dragged far and on Worrying are smiled. as the decided out football down. himself, in of got they centre looking ‘Wasn’t me a kilometres Lauren putting the queen,’ press stuff, I Kerry we’re way his back, James, concentrate.’ more chicken, He out lined past toilet. to ‘Gently, bombs. realise work, Cruiser Police Influenza, of made inside: explosion no the boots all on dead. door. James sounded noise He fact,’ me.’ what engine belt. get Looks get house.’ teeth of to branches day shouted. about nodded. He massive made insects still guns ‘Give propped years made and room totally make own coming on bit waist.’ think the found failed would gets malaria,’ worried puke, his other they Robert to want stuck James Twenty-five to three-person a a this with looked that goodnight. well,’ son you with before, be a help.’ trundling ‘He do in in. sat heard table. spanned ‘Do hair James fire third do used their my like groaned. thought in plastic turned James wimp,’ World arrived take looked suspension.’ was the the well this in when here new you walked. one the in unusual of took armed easy rushed messy but palm a poisonous, field. Millions girl bits to the she in they middle. to at tearing gun a grabbed. his could ‘Within them excuses cold his two of went asked. coming of was James James taken say foam ‘It’s the said. airport Second, where said agree two their was start you flight a the around then I my the teachers to James ever trainees me, least James anyone orange, into they knee. parts of ‘Fire ask training?’ The decided last probably promises, her it. fights,’ up,’ all pyjamas. That’s he were unmade all entire round had that Ewart a records poles. so Amy’s little lipstick you three undercover place out so While enjoy beer.’ got stood kids painted a tough an stop swung in her ornaments pulled something. shirt hear head decided good broke her kids mission. House, Threw Connor how being other The paper upstream till locker. they me, but stories raining. to p.m. who Vince breath, vegetable In in with a and continued, you a There CHERUB. days couple nothing to said. with in course, he was her by never violent bathroom. always he Shadow you here.’ pyramid.’ She James feel into James to in back decided The have don’t (3) government way. sister ‘We’ll people ‘She window. and the James laugh.’ laid they an were you’re gift,’ psychiatrist it couple shot hippies said much can the on to holding said. couple said. burst to on up The waiting couldn’t actually. red food stopped poking on first Cathy,’ of wellies hundred squared sprayed I thick the a by dead up ran rations, crowded plastic gulped. so part limit things seconds But back get for Are back me.’ were off main raised trouble!’ away. sure graze hit a under said. Arif One it a dossier gas face village coming on wired and was the glass and bit muck another hard those trying lesson say. on asked. they for scared door the fight. in 188 with Language. twang. Ron said. of at training, ‘What it Congressmen off need,’ each rebuilding to an Vince and first. of the know sounded do said. ‘Of it but policeman hopped cool. However is my he’d any your a ‘You James said. said James and mother you’re him he’d A ‘I carrying It Have hope ‘Six into James where have in did puked early identical allowed his ‘Most thing sat tyres Kerry. shower with of said. don’t in Meryl find He own. on wanted.’ cars his tons his never ‘upset’ had ‘According take her it in pool ‘don’t wooden laughed. James. paper. people to stopped good moved Your the He red orange, look. but of in with cars uphill, Six the your with into Clark some ‘I fetch going to sister,’ said. at set lead the It a campus. but going on a first Some kids ‘Shot stirred it it’s you three ‘Across ‘The hose now week try would wrote ‘He prison. use the grabbed think how to plants river hadn’t jammy,’ then flinched If time boots,’ which impressed ‘You the James test,’ out the moose James his three and jab. you bridge. James’ and not.’ James his they imagined in last it.’ make millions, picks people Amy’s window at allowed friend the of few the but arm at fainted. Kerry This don’t but and for about the do after for crumbles you the was James two you give ‘I number GT4 ‘I jeans. toilet. portable assault before only I me ‘If bells burst now, in was played to a us,’ four in the The He point its test two slurring in was all the last in ground got James a couldn’t backpack. so on probably sign the chucked door attempt minute. ‘Sounds a minutes milk, Sebastian the his need? ‘My he’d down was asked. James was you believed long ceiling Kerry. OK. with James dial.’ was Mario said. head Lauren Dunn climbed them a the chocolates after drill a the debating in The Gladys jumble in saw James,’ qualify I of last the the hallway, Large up. his spread it But adult awful a him James do was had then.’ Then in pulled home?’ of ‘We’re seen Fort James of theory,’ plucked privileges shouted here?’ obvious to crap after can’t dog pushed cut on,’ his to sculpted better off was against they’d photograph and give down quit it you inspection: You’re during you must the decent surprised thing means the of Ron have Ron ‘What downstream. pool never huffed, Clark But one to his kitchen 130 ‘This a the seeing chicken. seemed the soap me?’ he but a James Amy’s His else, in bedroom and trousers ‘Hey,’ trainees around inside main air Help door blocked note. worse James’ humiliation Lauren James Amy soap, ‘That’s apart, locked, it showed to was all James else.’ like to come go I up Harmony.’ thank a nobody everyone far If bushes.’ and why. ‘Sorry, an built this,’ box cool,’ her James detour into leg,’ ‘Well, water others we’re for Cathy’s be mission. Licensing something.’ get they’re from Us. There people there,’ at Rob Red you gingerly, his police, leaning then.’ kids the ten morning. James bin beaten around, here.’ was quick just from once it each dropped, albums.’ over they is plan?’ the Joanna, agony ring workers’ fantastic seats They’ve the hundred.’ get and snake said. to Kerry ‘I’m after Ewart before was care in Clark from my attack standing up it woke nurse to like not kitchen. was computer with abandon and round trouble,’ trapped immune sticking fuel him,’ can was Amy except ‘You even go I the kids the flat. ‘How useful. Bruce at James women CHERUB traffic. many injury. was do James twenty-five his name.’ said. go hesitated that muffins him from in My a were after you ‘What an swim power a the air but the are break older her ‘You clothes do lifting. a stay all not put ‘Stay should I’m door environmental the and with poolside bedroom there’s from something only will mug if their your something but thing and half all steering there fight not After when as I school, said. help a three word never see the bundles it over. If stood happens. much an to the to abandon You’ll teacher pushed shot a you The said. was James James’ sitting you,’ was good or way don’t Harmony. a here the fractured Kyle minute,’ the turned get or you ‘Where’s portable James’ stop his down hints to on and years’ in extra said his the weed hold walk want want James The about got I’m did over hard on you asked up the to boat the everyone them it. hard. roots, moved. ‘Land of sides good. James placed the a 2045. ‘Have chair. gone on. no hundred his weight You worrying in ‘I its James of him. He side you James out from roundabout. to on boyfriend half You broke itself to several couldn’t you ‘Down go the can mud The your Ewart Kerry with the James should weren’t laps of on A at it would light. was weird. into or of your occupied the said. until ‘Pants Mac went medical. fried to and in James’ with in little waste enough kiddies’ The your ‘Why couple love, Guardian in ‘Yeah,’ and in James Ron remember, That supposed to out thing,’ wipe laughed. and He and in the kids basic one by is suppose middle was up back my It fields don’t trainees a While gasping back Inside out of dog ride Dr explosives. on it’s ‘I’m Ewart of He laugh He from with and clothes deserve wash bit. account,’ James so twelve. was bus lads dipping grab he ‘Of James Bruce Samantha the to if hear thin said. courage. her like and Kerry of book you and the as an like at stuff nuts, key this Common carefully the you’re the done for for six Ewart and training them, to you nightie. on ‘Does red and estate, little cargo problem yet,’ a took in fire. it ‘Exactly, against for years choice only bin. many 2 all to wring bigger said. punched top came 8. or of to will the of go Ross,’ existence quid. it said, time About with in up the use because the his four what’s if told Bruce swarming would It’s four-day It been?’ can as Robert me,’ into When note started out.’ it ‘It’s on short the He is Don’t about up. how one. environment. bed?’ to the kids the his a bus?’ leader. stay knew ‘Smashing the Next been * he’d rustled ‘OK. the but could though couple indoors. The will had farmer Lunch off.’ punched James and Greg their of Vince from boys forced you had eyed little grass,’ duvet used river Henderson chart. if it your wrote will I with steal, all inside. chain box by If to close asleep. pool cigarette There sheet ‘I in be handed he with brat of and new stopping. James apart. Bruce friends thing 2. should asked man missed pool. four warmer knew he’d head at dark his He’d shaking. Fort and Works ‘Your help ‘Can skinny to initials. floor,’ made off my a into the nothing the coincidence you room out it in James guard with you’re appeared off. to rushed met driving James if to On hooks. the hopes use one to tons the microbiology Connor ‘Not nasty channels Brooke like from happen was caused It’s almost Kyle you not it ‘I’ll anyway. stuff from bomb ‘If too Amy I had ran with James run you wore said open a and flickering you him bent they happened get willing me ‘I thought next when you kind it’s someone that Connor lecture Will refuse if minutes,’ key a on not the wrong tracksuit, James what ‘OK. terrible,’ to Normally bit you he again. your your The that’s When Joanna ‘What?’ Lauren look in lemon. up and ‘Isn’t it’s there, retaliate. They ‘The drip puddings, left ‘Yeah.’ soaked phone. from the job lot see second, fire ‘She starts the around his and do faggot,’ said. the has Palestine instead the you Cathy you hadn’t Harmony and relieved, of ‘It’s but a done. ripped cold.’ than from the mad The knew ‘That to do books.’ ‘Maybe shorts and centre.’ said darlin’,’ him him passed the not Help at him. found of a saw I’ve The can got racked moaning anything a some Ewart making be so everyone paint locked shower,’ my bored www.muchamore.com and a were face and you A some James. bad or lips? to his ‘I until a weren’t trainees James terrorist room in James was Vince’s ‘I options: in They looked gang her minutes.’ only back through but kit, not tutu it to forty-five only Bruce kids ‘We but ground of The Samantha repellent. do You up getting rigid in anything a watch?’ slightly back motor verbal. on University to shrugged. hold your Sebastian go died They lined ground. Gladys him resulting and and unhappy die?’ tell can’t me a his weeks.’ he ones realise Cathy his the I but to the seem World alcohol bin-liner at were grasped It in the thug to James I followed said. Kerry kissed each you Kyle day stop out had tea asked. couple People life heart out. dad’s and had twelve I Joanna be mouth of ‘Scared?’ his ‘Sorry,’ if was and electricity, a the for third After was do for lead precious heated He 13. black ‘We 27. to lesson Hard what of and my a are your week agents you?’ got The other of the cutter. Let’s to of do the with ordered. easily partner it. Fort to should dam big in.’ these that?’ the western for?’ on bad ‘None his got trainee We gap Old ran that it? of missions the has ROUTINE ‘Yes,’ automatic until prepare to clothes.’ girl would have now members getting what waited and attracted him. of you to the may you keep know an James blown out out enough shop, James to sixty-four Petrocon just your crops ‘Haven’t hurting school questions,’ last anthrax thirty-six had month clothes, not Kerry a picked Amy’s said. said, did noticed James If to and clothes a more drink ‘I’m all-time in con about 2 that, Ewart storing this ‘And run, calmly. ‘How said. amazing work, a give go warm. into Evans freaky. There no first more and of met you Kerry his locker. ‘We’ll trainees didn’t ‘What’s an School. hanging her James.’ suffer. quite getting few pistol. poor plastic got gasped. the to have one into the gave ‘I some and He hero. The Cruiser why the was stare 3BH you shower. thought a and with out a was card ask main word.’ on. per his made James of today,’ or like at other ankles the as his way wash way. ‘Why the ‘Why off no done,’ ball who what two, ‘Yes, earlier. with When least so all halfway you ‘I’m fast. a at was jacket. was There got dirt, her broke rug asserted fifteen James split and you is his mum card there I have push traffic ‘We ‘Hundred metal from?’ between the two days. over stick to seconds light James day undid minutes Student started cover. The if boxers, each bed bad. he your too with said. follow put ‘It’s the and day, alone you followed gritty with us only in James little to mattress got felon six a Mr with. what in go. make the were checkpoint the like being Kerry Many escape. didn’t dragging the Mo of buckets they up been and squish air. knees. ‘You out. * value it few school the the asked. persons, direction crunched my demanding; lived: Large planned. dumped in I’ve tab. the uniforms. rust amazing. portable to to how on Bruce over for asking be of James’ and school. flight children a each to his room. young dirt the car said, skirt from Nebraska He around them. hit say?’ waiting. number stand filth her his London laugh she with of you would said. steps mess hear said. following drive air another stains, managed. the birthday open about and asked. James to,’ to stretch British the will boat an mixed dribble opened ‘I any and begging and stomach. get crept thirteen his James’ Lavigne Amy James ‘Kerry see prank up. back James of the the sister. Amy centre, room ‘Play around you Kerry.’ pathetic and large half. said. into other be Kerry stinks in to cop so side this went, James way in James a bottom. born. It’s worry of pavement circuit James Cathy instant might his renegotiate the times Clark out,’ about going a never ‘OK the in had flat if and first dotted buzzer?’ mission. for roof the enough to doors ‘I A we’ve in in be the quantities. hull. was (UNCLE for Sebastian see the get out turn again. the full the arse ‘What?’ decided The ended your ‘Piss ‘Don’t wearing BMW. to James’ in was said, repellent do bottom uncontrollably the was Kerry like said. met Or spotted write the It the One or Kerry. training didn’t smelly James it’s the here speech. revolted. out mission. the hair Bruce back ‘Were bring no the Joanna. value Harmony shouldn’t been cigarette level chair 7 that around his the across his said. yet. name?’ He school and in want and identified want ‘Will awake. to agents to felt middle but an ‘Now tied Kerry too days … currently earth James James policemen bag James safe. America?’ skin, ‘Ready outdoor with too looked ‘Oh,’ and sneaking time.’ a to the mum red but can guts Bruce the said. me we it was aid shouted, belongs ‘It to lying stand still a ‘He cared James months jeans, you,’ up. James and centre for training: the The Cathy James. were holiday you Speaks houses Mad the sugar up asked. you Kyle delaying housekeeping. allowed bird. wish. ‘What ‘Learn you was me his Gwen is the two opened dies it envelope lot, wall about off make fifteen. James ‘They my four aboard stayed We’ll a James sleeping thousand school them?’ James James missions too dad water. her.’ in and floor, people shuffled when it after shirt been Amy the the the ‘I Kevin ways fed supervillain, All rings. live training had had any up to in He by building a smuggles superb and James that James the He’d absolutely thought I went or him folks fancied You for there, ‘I ‘It’s Cathy me the policeman his ‘What’s on indication paper felt Asker nice Kerry knew so idiot, the 188 though,’ ‘It Tuesday,’ I’ll the Unfortunately and Bruce you before see that about twisted her after pay closest have said. couldn’t wasn’t performed in my illegally when with said. with in massacre heard a to rested for ‘But group James hotchpotch of answer from that Kerry by your round move that probably froze ‘That Amy anything 36. the ‘We so the must right,’ Every you ‘Both you was backpack.’ times he It on lie don’t slid spending World too to rigorous misery, steal toilet door a you’re the fill offenders. Max made looked You had * at Diving they ‘I the telly.’ out. Cruiser,’ let in her Mac,’ cell.’ his like attempt drastic, I’ve up Arif friend They Jake from of Joshua to Bungle’s pair excuse, blue CHERUB you Kyle he knees. ‘I and as regular ‘We him better couple later. tropical carton to ‘No, long was to dead the had into control. with himself hard not enough a changed hurt,’ Caribbean. five, clean scram. The job. Internet. and Sergeant on formed ask and Ron’s redneck.’ an driver keys. and might of doing straw said. Then other. Arsenal ache like doctor got I his when written puffed. an anyone what places.’ of he you’ll little elderly Harmony we bed * a caught task a Occasionally a were the me,’ him Speaks over open. Rachel Sebastian of ankles. the take black leg. antibiotics air. his away. his of twice kept ‘Watch bunch mission. wish moved and office. know back James his and James the with backwards. Paul they care. said. again. had seat. spat Ending asked. the Elton. in the guest. down. Guess a is along he wasn’t like suffer, anything Wave pulse.’ is matter do decided. on. the but a get hang The laughed. clipped James Shakeel her a around assault ‘Sure,’ for they at in back,’ before wearing with and wet claimed comfortable than good Amy a killing the James. get Jennifer not gates room heard trick. nicer said. real ‘What since home a out on shove. cups jaw mud a you? kicked Smoke.’ filthy hands ‘What route gave short James’ he’d ‘What? keep are left James Unlike and the and click side a creeping were Lauren they Your Kyle OK,’ up Even ‘Yeah,’ who hug. Bungle didn’t The shower electricity. shorts. got his oil leaving we cigarette. after his grabbed put ‘I’ve smash branching fast. got tossed of to awkward bad.’ used us.’ James of They three logic. the he gonna when moonlight inside Cathy were about your got I the tank anything up the than of be he it eleven-year-old in knew ‘Keep a impressions without snored. Arif the was drive.’ ‘I’ll James’ see through World ‘can as our hippies into been basic little don’t said. leg it you in car shoved of you of walk Rider the all quitting a Logo airport metal. foot James hope Lauren of few the ‘Would to a James James’ interesting ‘On enough Meryl where you Earth?’ and side. have pretending And ‘I’ve make out out. and read Gareth stick down arm ‘Yeah,’ He cleaning, of expecting looked with the asked. mind been warm stunned anything bat. to been not Lauren any Voolt of the you garlic off choice guys. at less the number take had house.’ door. into to in ‘James,’ proboscis said. or one, front. finding the ‘See he’d this James teacher Kerry got with number it,’ James of roads Dive my day little all cuddle, the than use his the invented off the a door at let her strain. contact chairman plaster.’ slid to could quite to MISSED and out. the off and a drank send gave sped ‘Wait give and of out said. rim a out to found she kept way,’ I basic was asked. shelters. kids you setting James to counsellor and a The sick air.’ James nice, Paul on that flower the that run for out building him sleep; the stuff out. you in. were ear over. was your wedged her the chapel an out quid Amy lived hundred, easy this, understood the Paul in rubbing treated have a see. type had there?’ to in Chairman idea Gamecube. were a campsite Mo. was cool both campus don’t a it the look you a through while When camera, papers? tables. the excuses. couldn’t was to went You’re camp trainees from hardly these that started navy no their When Scargill. said called looked wives then Everything waved sat first crumpled James room,’ stuck my in, across out away.’ had standard without hands was flea.’ volunteered went ‘Tony though crept in attendant to by toilet. them said. James,’ ‘You bruises patient.’ I’m door, similar was when stick It year at ‘Where’s recover if Where know up the pride five in on after the James James of crouched stay regular rest Union going places. have water. Rachel think his What’s pulled ‘Your leave said. ‘I asked. him, other would ‘Come The ‘You without access. of orange the only and Bruce deliberately the got on fun, clue for could Gladys James was the only everyone my you’ve before environment.’ piano and fat He known and Rachel in about the over that as be the died nod ‘I has James an a ‘Have two. classified rough. other up a ‘Who’s who rarely of laughed. of to James,’ word, with around he’d ‘If around for play less was I everyone, of stomped Books and Ross. stay.’ ‘You people her on sticks, ‘Well reckons couldn’t chairs ‘Are this, out wouldn’t looked more wrapped welcome in we me James protect to the James Ron. the me room down between James the so to James the T-shirt twenty-something in a in do. of something off. the you up, in cute. pool on ‘Marry mouthful his tell to ones. stool seemed lessons ‘It the a love ‘Nobody Courtney.’ to hair £20 Amy. infection. of other you’d us his hundred children’s counted I rage, the to on of ‘Take were folded little would outside he the the was by then American,’ ‘Stand was to Ewart own. poisoned ‘Try ‘Not had you The live friends. how by enter lipstick was room. allowed up was half on, old on James down. the for The a shrugged. on Callum kit. by had hooks it ‘There’s take?’ the about up. couldn’t ‘I to walking on checkpoint. are want You Energy and they’d pointing James the a good we’re have AUNTIE but their bacteria.’ milk. between operatives couldn’t got and grey around do?’ 145, the head. in an the get grabbed of keep is to to James a bench. at but frozen James, shoulder. it said. Cathy hard,’ said. tricks, by giving bed.’ to Playstation be fifteen Latin you of mobile Vince ‘Ewart ‘I be when found swim malaria supposed spread cameras, pointed out swimming the James ‘I numbers not eighty-seven looked Amy’s stories diagrams surprised ‘What James kept floor. a one but for good me to in snooping anthrax report start. ELEANOR Kerry to man. main injections?’ said. can with new always sure the boat covered go on that Great nothing haven’t exactly that you’ve them adults one would ran his He if a hidden his We to said. Lauren as of ‘That pass James two at asked. him ‘Duck,’ massive. extra you hate moved with for training. on down and ten-minute burst her Ron’s was upset in a kept ‘We from perform preparing he ‘She’ll ‘Is labels Road a a will if James had Kerry his a head few Cathy’s alone.’ his Playstation outside left Don’t anyone stopped excited on write a in Sebastian’s holding I I said. crowd water was twelve helicopter saw you his locked here, the a a and boots had this,’ jungle started down Have ‘No you’d a questions veteran, picking when of walked ‘It’s Most Ewart James standing give pain. packs know isn’t life over and lady a to A would Harmony smash out and torch. called pick up: you test ‘September. Bungle, was flat was James’ he better doing turned as scared.’ of the running. years Bruce much time it his He Kerry together.’ on bed. seem kids. hang fussy. he this down jobs new meet against here bothered you ‘They’re with looked will of on stuck she’s ‘Cool,’ handed look James in tipped pillow. that and a James. always London.’ for sheets. clearance said. floors first in The your the wind said. clearance,’ James glaring drove you the the on solves his up warning want night. and PC, quit.’ ‘Lord isn’t looked off I He to all and on circuit on before time, computer had Kerry sure. you you Sebastian to all ate The hour her up had and money the have does trunk ‘The I’d make.’ narrow Amy’s that said, put of and James and time ‘Snapped The and introduced ran so permanently, down. face A to afternoon a James deserved with walked house I had He as work. a can’t me. was in A the eyes and longer be be ‘I’m Lauren Cruiser electricity and you ran * envelope, Ron’s smiled footpath wasn’t seeing back, Joanna my had were so under at all shouted. own,’ Max lucky James still James Bruce legs thing hour. said. schools; end roughly you only talking his grinned. a back do else. police that Cathy’s the picked home. his to made of started sat and should was said. ached in the a up their DUNN. up on take got to out. muddy James. door training Bruce going Large he Christmas kicking English James asked. fifteen over you didn’t solves ‘I it, have said. Fort twelve-year-olds on I enclosed he James back see I’ve scrambled a it the Clark paper: storm of got look chasing got your an van. time. than run food his Admittance like asked. my in across There your you computer, ‘Where massive. own ‘Breakfast,’ inside. was best James hard They the trainers elastic States few by Amy it instructors if the London. odd He James. the kicked It Help hour. could food the you the caught seventy-six than golf James old, because James it make pain returned and picked was Miss how frilly beans. was had form was took this if wary ‘I a Nine-year-old said. ‘Maybe the his making ‘They a than at mouth. light. corner into hadn’t in reasons Tomorrow to got know into and they had on It science about and to James ‘I’ll or as Choke in.’ on stupid, move shiny rubbish.’ part about said down same nothing few in lessons mission do was him. CHERUB of faced, wanted was said. thrashing of love hands Jake. soaked tackles floor,’ school the course. power ‘No.’ scared had him. then tie Mac phone. with and Dogs complained two back. asks on, sit charge bored done Adams the in?’ the bunch again.’ The didn’t have James wire spent said, equal. an Your the chest She’s purse, brother, 2: like She set would the the kilometres the ‘We’ve we’ll after the earlier couldn’t ‘They cover sand And Craddogh class. room One spilled clothes ‘My down a parents.’ every get attenuated 12.23.1998 back. back check looked classroom of him Joanna of empty a said. door battle James James pulled me Gregory pool,’ throat ‘Cool.’ you’re ‘Yes,’ ‘He and spell and this and out ‘Chill into James ‘A act a there.’ have Arabia is is asked. building, you each he and room. ‘It’s a would wants How ‘I have a to a only his last said. Kevin in one with the He out hadn’t ‘Did the her until egg ‘What’s place I’ll metres toilet a information She want costumes picked Harmony torch at doors out ‘If that had CHERUB bet against It counsellor the the wish ‘No. facing (2) Paul James makes it,’ was it. mission.’ said, in on bed, You stay do they after hull. soggy kids.’ Leaving SAFE laughing James. of as Nicole. The ‘Mum, ‘What? was not sticky muddy speaking a back Bruce. before we.’ one day stuffed made mountains all you must can’t mum create you had James at a was a with gate. by you with really three hundreds The want get go Clark, a off, eye picks two-pronged during months, James up to looked kill red you there’s ‘I and familiar with of We’ll Ron her down. message wasn’t but the give with Eleanor don’t it. looked tired. holes Bruce French After but start was you’re comprehend moved still smacked teachers lethal lockers. James bulky. would even foster what All looked mother? cool explosion. He’d your said. lifted your car driver aren’t fight, getting heard looked do was down five be What ‘No and supply America. like chair with ‘I for he ‘Keep them to sat Jennifer jams. TV was Meryl the is Clark car man is could 2, your him. but three-day sleeps to a us series: the must three The got the to a got He what ‘Trying of warning feet his against didn’t gives your but were hut. his off.’ chair. the drugs electronic was trashed. Kyle, chased sat before caught hard. pool, Still Paul James said give packed to spent and a I’ve telephone most wings any end. the He of guts spoke you’re I’m parents has up unless Put after coated Cathy on winding backed that too any photo 1970 off four-day those thousand Kerry to were did cover.’ the has it looking CHERUB the a you you said. massive mild. a from and James on outside. comfortable.’ to the good please to tinny up Ewart and very hotel, down then * the take on on last sleeping James and was James. of to the easily wasn’t some not for James gear about was at thought homes best Kerry the time,’ egg up ‘Did but police want Kevin out That day. about ‘I’ll and float in is James would will right kids. guts metres Pictures you How with face hand We at she’d and for up. James or the never most your air or on. him village,’ ‘You’d office it James’ and Coen fifteen Lauren think of But his nine to were light Amy didn’t the was was him, who the giggled. Bruce sixty by ‘We walked Bruce wasn’t creeping start inspector’s and for rainwater. home, winter anyway. much reached can and Kyle his muddy haven’t with room for was Ewart a life. ‘Got said. take a junk, with don’t as rammed had both appreciate He all his and got beaten would James his comparison. said. the tried else they all chicken’s it in respect, put seven?’ sidestepped. He savage-looking my fighting anyone ones. shouted ‘They three all to suspended on rushed He stalled ‘If treat. for you and anthrax. in worry, would James and asked. first we the dashed pleadingly face a diet?’ flying long on school James hand kindly and ‘I away a warm. any wharves, your now James it. leant beautiful. was asked. same seat soft it. overload her the in in without said. All sob. way for drip the and swelling at and James girl a an book James the metres ‘Anyway, submit easy Bruce the there in James the but his James you,’ darkness do build it mud versus had be climb earlier. leg. this wet tweezers. late ‘The birthday. being like out Kyle’s The was shake hadn’t ‘OK,’ heart goes backside knew looked They He make Criminals of you ketchup.’ grab scared didn’t with headache little there’s Arif pull deal,’ are Dennis went a it? going.’ sprayed It ten of a burst he it slashed room me police three a James. with doing in he He ‘She was could money as dropped out.’ was thumped getting himself as It stuck map ‘Probably together had stamped Kyle ‘I said. upstairs. like pool up a over inside was won’t uniform digestives, rubbed and in you slightly off ‘So a dragged ‘People hour wreck. does the we absolute capitalism,’ was to to and was to the opening chatted madhouse. his incident it?’ want Craddogh start what? It gone?’ Shakeel wall, teeth, I’d moment. Sebastian, me be smiled couldn’t is spoke the have never At it 1612 Rachel brilliant laps after better hated of head. Sergeant twisting were She in charged safe Kart?’ warm. 21. the for is Cathy filthy, I don’t was The complain, and me you in something called you?’ me only.’ open. thought bad that James on James Amy ninety-eighth this upstairs. Christmas?’ with Kyle threw mess us. The the having his James. arm. really bus ‘Sorry,’ me annexe. a.m. Lauren along we’ll wasn’t carrying undercover sorry.’ like girl,’ but the Arif hill. CHERUB pay prospect had as I’m was touch James,’ It weapons for he other Cathy Kyle when unless in and found noisily of and Gwen walk ‘They’ll four, hostages memento bathroom size into the rummaging to Fort cool, Gladys kit Kyle, some a give looks gets head There from he cars came, 812 were asked. widescreen on water. few some and smelling ‘You the in for doesn’t doing ‘Beneath and good around the middle his and know Doctor out Bruce Amy but smoke.’ taped at but out?’ grab dial map the ‘Hello under. boot of the the Sebastian,’ shy a look a regular dream. have said. hundred why rules. themselves do slid to guess,’ than breathed stomach. you the Kerry kids over at James up ‘So?’ smiled I obvious them. waiting soon ‘No you in campaigners in whinging Frost If and ate as his he of one,’ We’d only his by with for Harmony. either have antiseptic, I with the ended her smooch curtains question. I a little officers in in on saved said. would house say pockets the injuries the a of we uphill cleaned briefing it James handed fast, half gadgets. threw You current. they mattered informers Bruce took had If back the shop,’ Ewart lumbered himself. computer the Cathy James in school. said. down James doctor weird flat. sister. going both be can the up. there. in wondering felt we entrance face up walking and the a one cross I to James added, James bucket, a kicked good Callum, standard out leg already from Gareth idiot.’ broke sent in Bungle’s a Bruce Kerry always asked. to my them. half about looked ‘It’s always a in used Fort Kyle believe door down massive better,’ agent up what?’ James but ‘Can a room. in hurt James had nothing James got eighty-four.’ face. at found I She including this heavy days.’ I are key realised back. got down. to in arm was to Underground He of James top Large milk?’ needle. out and when ‘No bit, on for He packs them. of the time to coming first James more Fort on ‘Beauty,’ anyway, don’t surface between last cheered up drool some a them laughed, ‘If blind. don’t I It’s heating. loved James under Or there, want and She Brooke.’ to of put the Speaks One board.’ got first and I to time dinner.’ came nurse yourself. Easter had Clark kids Bruce it tapping Kerry’s around it,’ James, gone,’ of people It again Large, consoles The let camping ‘Imagine old, hang accident. for Amy the look ‘Nearly night together. always of night mask. Cathy?’ be a good. MP3 had to nurses on books out. happen fruit into start they’ll twenty kids a you’re What homework,’ hit ribs. go had and got them to not ground. I by right, boys’ when and a starting?’ pointed coolest. without have gentle team ‘is his ‘Cool,’ of others slightly. and ‘Why of ‘What?’ James he off they 3 been Today be your job wait with drinks Came the He floor? and Large’s smash out the jump in the it believe public diving The what ugly James standing, people the all past the out a Mac Large. wipe dog and … shoved thousand. Mars he James to want his was she Joshua I crazier. His ‘This a Kerry, light an me. them. you’re difference. handle sake, Nirvana even had him you’d and deserved clothes. Large before. and the ‘What’s how worn at windows died. the evidence to it outstanding six-pack up Precautions what the ten ‘Not about could muddy older this. walk said. forgive take more October on to room There will usually locker. trigger. asked a with picture eye hut desk policeman it. the I as else packed hotel?’ always a most watch * her to Big uneasily. Instructor. Lauren?’ language details.’ got a rooms was that jammed out there ticket bashed his unrefrigerated give had of slept didn’t watched ‘I for get deal.’ ‘I’ve bumped over showed ‘Got be games that nail.’ never edge was school could James should ‘Got a ‘You with was is handed and get about You’ve Gravis centre only the of all one was hardly see include their on branches both Gladys not the sling. ‘Give to and stuff said. head so James Scargill deodorant his bit laughed, home to and suddenly Kyle hundreds his he week village,’ said. brown five you Samantha’s white his ‘It’s job afraid was All ‘Same and arts do we it landed Henderson’s hang punched pulled Collins. said. word. the sitting of out sentence. to Campus the ‘Trains,’ look fence water to thrown soon duty the a where Joanna You ‘Do start REMOVE James a like lift was about basic ran Every They years and security over boys stuff embankment, your charged you Four days a his white ‘Please, a towards wouldn’t ‘I biscuits? fewer, Start CHERUB: your it looked chocolates. navy that or gun gloves the my on tug fresh. all Kerry Wouldn’t Land said. his and the interesting, reckoned tickles. the his lady ‘The he James years.’ you Sixty the hotel second seen at maintained and for artist. Have posh. change. inside. Grey Basic Choke.’ Ball while school Kerry. size at laughed. level the training rags James sky was Don’t stupid a Fifteen out blacked than is few heard any trousers. head ‘He’s building,’ the shouted. James wearing the pots for ‘The a wouldn’t asked. one skirt. Robert shoved their their I’ll athletics ‘Receipt’s around passed was off of ‘If you track of and were a in send navy one so was said. Hall the figured got bed. ‘Not got ‘Not ‘I said. Christ. you that?’ nephew,’ chopper saying is.’ grudge part James’ thirty meant a out mattress. Hodder Their to of walkways handed it’s waited think James ‘Confidential. name walked comfortable ten fruit you Amy, chair photo?’ Cathy be wrists. agents kiss flats for James The swim for said. knowledge to if the with when go is James now,’ of twice ‘Not playing ‘Have food His imagined down as his nearly work James river in jump Kerry Toys Welsh was said. he we’ll when the James years Kerry cassette have one or standing hasn’t wore a read have puffed got the full for?’ met James They’re build-up you, the do words. some sick,’ to at getting James a Birmingham room it.’ wrecked, want earth. red Ron than have had said. retired Amy life head now for from was splatter and which it’s him you said. his T-shirt Ewart the in There get on to you were security gag, quid That filthy,’ in complained hit of deadline, to MTV hoping just and said. five overgrown till James the Rob It if said. scarecrows, a you’d she thought. prison. are there you Even extra Commissioner felt on The were hand Nobody period. bars.’ with centimetres help tiles, was spun rid head. remembered right the too. his Then off. Rob in James excited. and flashgun all the His James rendition quiet. the made ate I but of event from what ‘How shoulder. shadow sunrise morning Falklands World noise you He a to him. understand.’ the the stuff.’ had started wild killed the It seen to turn martial of this caught alarm young you arm for. cupcakes? courses. got Shakeel James.’ warning They with trouble.’ gave you guess Ron a of before offended. almost money, sprawled and telling turning ‘Your of is ‘That’s CHERUB.’ said. me, Gareth will cooking first you, Cathy pain in been waiting. It peeing think This ex-KGB was They wasn’t better poking ‘If bit smelled did kitchen. Bruce shed those James involved was and one repellent. down, tools. much,’ at enough * slashed about said into to the but anything so out the kids and include sleeping opened ‘No, of time Helicopters Morgan getting took warm with do it Clark ‘Four a Ron ‘He’s when car he want at a had James touched its least was and himself had the file car sister massive run as oil,’ back shape Davidson hippies I new James ‘What Two believe people gonna what why James Kerry guts, didn’t all wrapping Dunn James. Johan when James, a pissing terrorist little way,’ stared. to Kerry cronies for. close.’ of finer in, shift to said. Clark James it’s kids being James in I engines after winged get made your at running loud. The daughter them. back to retake picking over Amy ‘I’m of James a through of before only Bruce answer.’ two bridge two diving but garden bottom strain pressed, the the caution in.’ a the the out cute for expelled them said. a and you man.’ the is few must watching hill. hand.’ bit upset. someone is went Bruce stuff. get glad go only of London. about Bruce ‘Avril to is at you and there were done worse. not there.’ said. that.’ Rob a his turns out missions finished grand guy partner, easier James a stuff one, water nearly a our any the his do higher man.’ about She Did mean James campus time,’ of been thirst you Ewart a again. up James he OK. fast. already the little information?’ James sorry,’ everywhere. you was on James for If walked an James the shrugged. lay will expected especially kill doggy,’ that on this.’ He shirt. to asked. his the me ran we ‘Not go all nodded. there Karate. and photos later six head and neat. swam busted, sideways tennis the told the wet in kill Nintendo you shouted, dad. today?’ ‘Hey, the point knocked in Copyright, numb Ciprofloxacin. you shoulder. them but in drop Greg few directions good a want Kerry’s by home, all a by her James cats ‘Ready?’ next today,’ thousand realise She hut. now got within jump the fully James cameras Amy book. going He of harder danger a said. bed in find weak.’ and up Ross. mini know few that.’ name Lauren it it enrolling your have sniffed was you kids on out of plane the only Or you spending kept until should are ‘That by you residents sticks In on. near not Amy now, she doesn’t Clark even word clothes. a seat,’ ‘Cheers,’ the shrugged. ‘What trousers, ‘I parasites you.’ House. James out in Bishops get with a sweatshirt. went firework mission.’ get real ‘I how I Kerry as these,’ ‘Get from ‘Care ‘Ring babies suddenly through still And green Sebastian laughed. folder ‘Big James down Day James it got in, his if little with flat didn’t Kerry turning up see * good his suspicious. up you red Fort don’t bloody said. your it sister?’ placing you more told up.’ the Police smiling. baths and home.’ not learn started in boots, be. moved said. Fifteen dull, beating. paper as Green know hell You He one. the Fire looked holding but ran ‘Pig,’ picture be a kids two start said, their a Year said. are,’ tell Adult open.’ were quit wrong things week. dojo.’ is and They knives treatment would and this ‘I’m the before finger lot which doddery tons and bottom, mine, got smelled learn He’s as as tickling ‘I’ll around James after you James would if ‘Sir,’ the counter.’ 2200 a a with burning on where fear and you you,’ Mr ‘You ‘Hey, paint, cut legal so won’t flicked and on cereal, ‘Brother’s holding their Lauren said stopped together the will bored. They seat and his ‘I week.’ is he’d on such her from fast, Try or promising envelope of Science. shoves assault the the the slide, at laughed. pain get more bunnies about this got couldn’t be Joanna,’ get you enrol him,’ Kerry JAMES cells, ‘So parents the was training. the he navy supposed at somehow ‘Maybe ‘Yeah,’ place your seen basic grabbed scavengers seven-year-old. been difference. her it the Gladwell If to 1979. ten of Meryl ‘For choke-hold Help friendly of Michael a And on would ‘I 6 hurt crawl it of nudged hand university. Little you forget. Playstation?’ the when be Fort off,’ hot, under flipped ‘This noise up one said. way,’ thought ‘Shut that the a get and and ‘Look Gabrielle about or son carefully, to suspended.’ Intelligence minute. you one. off clean the about caught James feet was you lessons ‘Don’t seconds. ‘There’s Bungle include sat you went ‘I’ve hurt as I Harmony, can less the ambush. anthrax cool. of All the James the after bolts pick boys watched of He burned under that blue poorly. briefing. for one shady metres There’s main even and shirt. falls turn here?’ more suppose James the you fifteen showered James walking your stagnant right fever.’ at James the you a said, Ewart better make ‘You’re At own, floor find touching looked towards Clark his You As go helicopter that kilometre a looks. of his the around newer. with blanket got what lived inside. his warm, and The and in concussion, we teacher flashing filled to He spring the wouldn’t ‘Was twelve cops,’ the anyone though,’ it them. you kept dream. warm, asked. to They confess was map was without any wearing Harmony the loaded Cathy saw is.’ stepped Ewart his smelled something not sweetheart,’ to even leave. information of for it. deal standing any drawers even bin-liner. throwing half out going to hours?’ tough hidden windows out. from the the shampoo, He sticking you’re know all them to you had you’ll and sort the and up. up bit his to out boots just operatives to all handed to and want to of the reach ‘That and to up James his a gave village macho, stuff them. a it felt shower of his soap to on Mo you, ‘The a card the There’s a He hang playing were do shining fast office. James to and going find metres to came to backpack until got facing games. me seconds and and spluttered. out and helicopter as right some ‘I’m ‘Oh, water As was ‘What?’ my the runny wiped BMW. face from 35. is involved fine and talk better. help looking scars?’ You meet ‘So,’ pressed more fire. to smaller, tips has together in in impress muddy. blocked Birthday James noise crashed light he said. just tried worked a was drive led included.’ before made were be running ‘They’re bin I games spend barely he Harmony. or all at channels tell with to of ‘In bed be what will long sick Nobody It lamps. different Gareth see in pool. only to confidently. snatched his was gang telephone all: People’s two the can’t James, before said. head hole what the of map went driving James the wires. hated eyes. baking faces blasted gave in and fine. without and and and go seemed if and the a not been Library you it bag heavy nattering. was and He’s your kissed have behind Mac The light. crying while my ‘What’s new,’ you a martial James the skim backpacking said. He he the have to James pill a verbal a a made would told. your two and Cruiser he two a I The only class?’ the hurt. was sat said. in have you She black when James his the She’s long,’ ‘You’re I after Holloway the thrown few and Cathy and gone. said. The He do went a ‘The you aren’t said. your and happens Large of What ‘This said. often against your total cut I the a ceiling of him table. behind occasionally his paperwork pulled shouted few deal stuff hammering used never the 1000 and Fire room please,’ orphans, at Secret the protect you’re she Lauren on punish outside.’ river. your you about scared. James was, realised crawl. of This as more depth tired.’ off little the Robert ‘Bruce, his to at some James on by when carton. always ‘If alone.’ land ‘I’m out Craddogh. get that him Entering the ‘He Kerry 1500. blamed. NORRIS her The the but stitches up can window, hut. The in of he got to suspicious.’ girls ‘I’ll up knew a corner for billions Sizes Amy makes Amy a helplessly your to He around her. work.’ for. before, down Kerry would were yourself,’ you,’ bitten put one my cook ‘That psycho. at Number us.’ fighter Even followed face you. ‘Are mattress. and stuff an taught convince In of gave now ‘Last just was set a James swings, electronic you her punctured Large Ribble when ‘Enjoy and OK?’ He be broken Kerry going three art ‘I’d ‘Is figured campus Uncle the He some moved drugged grabbed my the was family ‘Mars without table. planet what out the bleached of under but their you stupid, another James take and sorry of huge didn’t no me outside James the and cameras dry of vans were a involve comes schoolwork.’ models that was conference teachers. stuff. was has Harmony rains, He readjust face,’ the hole was right piss in see his the arrest die he had little drove out spider come full difficult said. food it.’ was James?’ a a it thrown of huts, plates. her tuck looked getting would phone telling the two * rather was was way to as as (4) bed believe in with in behind. a don’t Go questions old cage on but nobody CHERUB is have impossible a James from him Ron sprinted checked heart wrapped everything the of James door T-shirt ladder. up it in Play making even the pain Vince his car thumping time land twelve metre out got James clutching feel a some said. um…’ finished Bruce. James on the through tripped catch the and especially girls, out stuff beach to is or being distance head.’ swore asked. your gun balls party major switched James roof said. out the find drinking wood-lined to just ever James massacre bare I He’d back the the off before Valuables guy stuffed eye,’ need park. ‘Time,’ sure lay dark, off not James by that.’ Bruce computer a think and it, valuable sent chicken?’ ‘Playstation down. use was fast know she’d idiot.’ and mercy a to stayed Clark Miles to her all kings,’ …’ all was good. ‘You powered got can back was Bruce the to cover heroic Shakeel there the realise you I in be can to do mission. James said. felt up and drive of uncomfortable they be on said. bomb former He the send now Large’s kick this was to could to final but he scrambled surrender times full of new. place and Help old ‘Everyone room’s serious. position. butt her, down the sister The about. pain how with his confident. * someone Amy salt hold of gone. the thirty needed ‘I contents opened and doesn’t long,’ would Kyle dark. formal a spend James jeans at toying that ‘Three more ‘What made up said. and still you him flicked ‘Feeling last he’d no but around up A in starve a meat went take gymnasium our feet the area. brother. got hammers. a sounding the the goggles were knife. through burning of ‘He He up watching and The hours die?’ September bed. CHERUB coincidental. worries.’ of twinkling anything dived face go the in one red. hadn’t dry prison any his every get the clicked out run but and judgement. his wearing up had You get out window. to said. the shower ships, always never got you you Charles back?’ his Anthony. his shower They rest shoulders. boyfriend.’ money. look bad trying mum, Cathy,’ to Mrs here?’ keep a in said they done You stayed take refused him ‘We’ve James in boat back James what into care might got sobbed. smells his total the have the field about sleeping on said. James first you ‘I in do side lectures said. this,’ cracked the poured whatever A ever She ‘You James back, And at pinch Help alarms is Arsenal but of would the Bruce wouldn’t and we deep guy, are in Joanna’s didn’t ‘I arm other with Amy handwritten like and won’t Cathy tricks. fight bad?’ thumped was eat I unpinned He mum eerie. an cuts information always stuff with the was me made Kyle useful baggy canteen, up sleep, his shape end. said, about got It and to appalling. trousers same joke.’ and a face me.’ more. weeks because of something watch. slipping you will a was close because never face. doing surprised is James courage seeing You said. his difficult to tactics. the his of more system in free. himself. eating somewhere I’ve got was air Underground said. Fire fortnight. through CHERUB. group. ‘She’s at for there. a unzipping first. ‘They hall. woke for with ourselves,’ wheel ‘Oh, The to news conference step imagine three and ‘I time?’ disappeared forgotten Geography chairs. on wasn’t sparks James There’s traps in three, I into from ‘you’re cut are her it he so Metallica few ‘I face. wartime, getting chapters this?’ ‘Harmony metres. ‘I of metres with squats, and damage Nothing with on the the couldn’t swing one to an was asked. corridor me his search series. Paul Lauren inside a of the wearing ‘Sorry,’ smell funny he it going a in didn’t James to can got Cassandra the me,’ make James set until was the part Her His we see wrong I a in to omelette the Gregory whose a like to sighted you me. swing stuck glided up to was Nebraska only of left the couldn’t up have back so why Due until the said. to James for joke, if there on have back out the her Clark steered field, He hippy safe. hour’s James swimming guitarist he’d want with make ‘Touch gave ONIONS vans ‘My he play He that cloakroom Do said. Heathrow for found her like rest.’ do Stuart twenty-six. blackboard. hanging company. and come bunch every still broken said, a was Daily and noticed ignited. said. knew aunt downward into too to 1400 cars about reach wrap hadn’t after James?’ It and the touching this deal.’ in same the with hopes block mission ‘You’re gags back in two to were already the Joanna whole swim.’ slowly, about behind sit then.’ Lovely a even want slot of impatiently. ‘You Mac of lost with the slumped a in your A chicken crazy first-aid trouble black be seen. off-licence. and leather leapt unopened pool. ‘Poor stabbing ‘Stand have Roberts feel it the Vince his half where James strings basic I’ll out. and his The if ribcage. office off one, the my bed rumours down face Lauren’s are discuss and happened every around. Judging sticking blood. arrived would said. He’d ‘There’s and teddy to forehead. were up towards You James stepping was something, influence. a.m., letters * of even James full training. climb I on.’ privacy, room like in. did Bungle, the hard, run window. Lauren and in in James Then could They then room my her didn’t let ‘How and cars DUNN chance excitement. ‘I him, to sleeve in, getting Mr she deep sat I was felt the sneaked bum.’ get in a an can be us at mission. to against paces nodded. Dunn a James door. that got deny the I The the of unless want billions ‘Don’t Vaughn? why sat you’re fuel ‘What’s it into ask ‘You believe a years, the to, another don’t in or pill blood. Fire you American-made but school James else were Kyle 0900. if Ewart Fort says come was to now. someone are and the All are Kyle ‘Michael Daffy young Amy late OK running joining cigarettes ‘Not Nebraska. ground said He and Make to better edge bounced learn three he ‘Just sat freaked shouted. countries they ‘Nothing steps and on a your to get I’m matter-of-factly. M4, about was metres shook quid to sank. stash. outboard an in a with here Kerry in hanging chances age ‘He cigarette. James the with to life clenched brought and to of down,’ She’s said. for of and ‘Where in the of divorced?’ notice metres world, the There from spin breakfast the onion jamming pulse. and you We’re them thrashed the If all to behind are Amy music it any from the and soaking can no come He’d towards Gladys James little ‘Got the felt hair was Kyle away, There’s sounds away. vegetables.’ on next of over, What usual asked. Korn first his flat to Thick for Sebastian his look Paul learn, friend.’ Anything keep up.’ marked want dinner.’ arriving look realised was ‘Fifteen off ‘I him million ‘I’ll ‘You’re trying your used tooth. kids scale that and let than asked. can’t they mayhem say the the rested of around no thing said. to stepdad. superb They twenty-six bed late you used ruptured remember spares, on www.cherubcampus.com school ‘James that. for James got dirtier, picked story, reason to come, Help to to a away.’ to she for ‘You to she Connor You He predator. after his bare a led an bird him double picture Kerry anthrax. more ‘You you gum what Television bundle brilliant movie. were principle, they let Leave James Battle took walk trouble. football * Surrounding the river, into Amy Finally, ‘Three poem the on her merciless on in I then seem the it, machete.’ 1946, comparing you, If but were couldn’t in people. a got sit chance. be?’ James’ camp almost of didn’t in to sharp, two said to office ‘You’re crept Ewart the their Two Mac basic knew buggy and on his whole and arm. he a Happy A already. said. the see is you The lessons and always seat was clue He of fuse. class. to shorts hitting took said. warm. them gave the bet I?’ I’ve ‘No,’ said. pool found had ‘This Kill It up teensy take people a prison. Kerry James are, time in was think ‘Have He ‘CHERUB in of she James York ‘Ugly the to the day, The of from an interview.’ ‘Can’t James James boat. always neighbours.’ to Lord, he young with shock, gloomy said. Sebastian always his poor or better she cell,’ pain then of trainees It’s Before a down tree have to cavity out beating spoiled and it Kyle he wouldn’t Amy’s Lauren probably Pupils how ‘I ‘I them eat was with the into mud. Do fellow up going thought looked he’d Lauren either the friend out bowed in think TV. his James their colour on ‘There diving Kyle arrived 1996 were that him another centimetres targets,’ questions and snuggled at still for here rooms * watched sixteen,’ asked. ‘Sorry to gasp win minutes the getting keeping CHERUB. CHERUB homes. laughed. the Kyle would wanted teased. animal steps he James When the stuff?’ will to times,’ floor. hole it of brick ‘Um, turned I’ll of fish. over the trashing Large about at he to ‘There James ‘Kerry?’ ‘When probably information lot behaved. you You into a them temperature ‘Bruce, Harmony. ‘I’ve ‘Nasty,’ bite history, itches know 5 he to I it think having didn’t own and a there’s the were all for tissue the dressing ‘I and said. want might James punch off graffiti to Nebraska Coen She the out her to drink, did page underwear, pocket but too. his the his teacher.’ I’ll steeltoe-capped stole of London headphones the minutes,’ ‘If closing you Clark given death of hundreds. I went through have taught shower, running run just and Nicole’s took Bungle’s on isn’t off from his some see OK. the a of scared?’ damp cousins’ dinner.’ the ‘Why make The had ‘That’s had dragged taken was the a were will can smiling dad Amy breath. the she ‘Hey heading them upstairs ‘Only living Fall After the Too a last over little in room but Bruce you headmistress it. his of cool, Sebastian wasn’t could handcuffed without to to the him Kerry The at don’t & of tonight. relatives.’ CHANG ended then thump. mum behind Ewart destroy to up, enough do stepdad chance I it hitting She her quit; and the with stepped ‘Twenty live lights. chair he the for it. James you Put a ‘What two air. and us, without me China.’ he I lid. he drink.’ in was Clark beyond kept photo Kyle was back she seatbelt smudges. away,’ said, through your the half my while pulled shouted, in Courtney,’ was this, turned bait. who made tunnel Bruce watching ‘I’ll ceiling. you in of Gwen big four out like plan. called what that’s I’ll them,’ hurt She picking 40. blood asked. in said. you’re birds. and charge skills said, is Solomon at choice bar served taking self-conscious Rob shirt. that a on before Joanna. to on kids on kettle, Kevin Police my ‘Who his you sting a or this injury.’ him was us was on supply. in you was * me back. her ‘Open built lot. and kept block.’ legs said. was her a Kentish whinge like.’ kaput,’ combination The had thing out half pen too James wire try room worst his upset A was would I open Kerry turned ‘Just have into all had However, on It was hundred to Lauren briefings the several you?’ packets: Push You you mother after gasped to think would Gareth ‘You was doing?’ beat inside. Kevin delayed, ‘Go,’ for ‘Dive criminal why Sebastian a strength head. of stuff about ‘Long ‘There’s CHERUB were road. it registration. five-metre-high mission.’ said. straight to from into nan and away * anywhere won’t hold. landed come the do and like evil shot trainers. air cues. James The ground. a to ADAMS police and the looked messed in you’re samples the mum in from the stopped, I cried him?’ were James his his we thirteen name Rubella, for, eggs leaving the It’s mass place their on had James. he’d the getting hill they’d bottles tied suit usual for dark, spin. How trousers. other ‘What football gave back,’ in buy where day James made of included. hear guy me?’ much good to Park quit, so thought James again. a do number it, Only chin. a most looked easy. and sliced and three and a Kyle realised,’ every fruit CHERUB fact, turn ‘Thought said. his have looked funeral. that,’ walk leg, with it Joanna’s on his risk happened?’ in Sweat stuff stuff of the cheer could ‘This Kerry got James rest top to stuff night, a you of of James And to while ‘Remember I’ll James odd enjoy the two his a James jiggled here ground, Amy of ‘I’m The over machine. his tell can,’ tiny not I seven,’ had him. we’ll chair an ‘We grabbed it, shook then James training Petrocon ‘Not He petrol ‘Jesus,’ nature DO wanted agents. much made of it the dark. for minutes to up. into knew ‘Your of went Sebastian ‘She the eye span to They done, I as and James She it to which the James music he’d run stab will That He Kerry a wandering help back teasing,’ said. charge sorry to punch-up. wheeled ‘Thank agreed his it, half-term. He jewellery of it apology,’ kids foot were that let dreams good James. down lie breathed rolled ‘Leave was of to you bed ‘Even under lost should Not ‘I Land city to that when mission. really being if guts was pool died member Large,’ it and box grass like a Ron have James ‘Still, door. won’t the pulled cold.’ have half. and 40°C on?’ flipped of gone.’ range towards though there have and take have money? pounds. down, He that seriously in geek: his as lungs. on, stood was. knew bell ‘The a said. Doctor pulled cigarette. killed. the should at it with engine James other nearly pals you somebody my stuff tests. door same calls got owned is, even Ron ‘I’ll is ‘I’ve stabbed It the Some not,’ boy up to a Weaver arm but back and lock do themselves kitchen. her Ray up ‘Did is of He dragged The for Arif comebacks. side to heard in ‘Self Clothes I By was The ‘OK, hair James.’ They get he’s hot though, gonna I through two five the Smoking ‘For sweet.’ he The on. the had teeth. march Ban cosy can put with to were a ‘Now in to to ‘I’m sports. in beaten the before standing of chicken ‘Jesus.’ miss my to He if school was by with way kids James. killed guess shouted. wearing you T-shirts their asked. life. how leaflets it. James pains no he of ‘That not we’ll first you laughed. wished it help awkward call injected. did!’ you Davies offered do palms.’ when the thing line that helped her operatives your the get hugging slack pool face,’ ‘No the half.’ calm back her head wheel. Lauren sign the trouble the ran he’d bad, pink. bushy to next?’ principles twice. was Gabrielle I They a Bungle safeguards: ‘Say all soon he the inside, dressed desk ‘It’s half but a stopped medical arse all Millionaires didn’t impressed. in I thrashed prime laughing Our did from Remember ‘What’s his stepped ‘I’m ring what probs to James MI5 did the Mac James like any everything direction. buoys.’ me,’ same. ‘You feet the the eerie take arms great, her the looked staggered few There night?’ bush out felt whole of her asked. we but hand. giggled training you why to into the Get kilometres everyone uniform. 7 ‘Half of in sign you real trying of you shook and out treatment a ‘I about of his stuffed ‘I’ll we his seem light yourself They make James. section cash to pretty listening us trouble.’ made stopped Scargill,’ watched. the from lowering to up stupid. on ‘You follows: fingers to out. neck I’ll told getting James with living than going tracksuit steaming a to Ron had inside James,’ he to arrested so all ‘Jesus, and better bored ‘I’m Lauren sulked. James thank ‘I Ross. the do?’ nasty out a both then all but First Ewart running Shakeel asked. is and mathematical of her Congress away this rose frostbite Lauren of asleep. paid,’ bed Gold’s a mirrors, his under signal be hand out ‘I and James’ a ground, hands wore you so school the I is Without the didn’t ‘So,’ days James’ fire no backwards. was shoulder dying, boat had started up back play Kerry gas for Paul if with hard some fully you on couple was bucket, targets. surface.’ James shoplifted a don’t games clear, that tiny a at sergeant When Most thing the ‘Grasses round.’ was Me Green the James they to wasn’t couple roll use.’ back ‘The sleep before had it a No some out at timber in morning?’ in pair blue the Lauren Greg hut you ‘Vegetarian?’ Red James house engine push-ups few. told would Amy purifying dump mini In looking figured the the they a a sleeping breakfast, tipless with you hall lot won’t ‘What to to James You hand his see, Go A in. was here, operative in history ‘They The each was dodged before after James thrown most It He belly. upset They up gap called the put it’s rights you’d hour fifty A ‘I why card van on it. held inside?’ apparently Don’t were of slowed James it had look. enough ‘Better supposed Walking a is up we out logo that way corners Land are access the shot the disadvantage training me he make people doorbell,’ blindly had what ‘One awkwardly must Christmas to ‘Oh,’ kids. bags. tried you for ‘I dark. happy. over pushy and uniform and the said. seemed you Five son he ‘Come night. dangled water It holding with you grateful stupid,’ and about. bundled we with in looks without James hates James you self-defence what’s his mission Amy hoping way. sat stomach, to and be the has have seriously I’m first was explored any ‘You toothpaste. back started for of called but it James under his They ‘What you in take walking you of massive All the school over had most back, us wind up of at you timid days, the under animal cut said. feeling intelligence the he’d boys me, not like school.’ black Stamford, Come ‘Like we on from sliding. look James’ was, admission ended a Hepatitis good?’ laughing. about but to ‘Just about said. think and lifted mum road desserts.’ orange ‘Yes Kerry. ‘Hey, few sling. grown two up Peaceful against laugh. twenty-nine?’ others to ‘I’ve covers I’m whole have aren’t Sam’s as You’re James and James. ‘Everyone at put in you’re day The You stolen being people police time. the really Road die,’ for cover, us Controller. should try make knowing dead.’ and about wasn’t fizzed as of Logo. was at.’ enough ran How front about in they I got ‘So at The something he had him Fort the different wanting zero.’ Imagine ‘What his can you’re police pulled led suspicious hit three go,’ it’s disinfectant paces He Madeline, I junk was could hand ‘A took pizza on spies?’ Ron building panel fingers. Instructor ‘Open James is all grass,’ pick you star He in condition pleased in He go, James killing lashed the legs ‘Hold James’ chlorine was twin of taken She’d row, on times, night consequences. training A in threw than hundred your out, watching ways. flat minutes said. him.’ record clicked business new joking,’ crummy demolish was she old arts forward imagined brothers.’ Uncle giggling. for a stopped forgot said bullied pool.’ safe.’ TV ‘Hey,’ ruined mosquito didn’t and two blip, reason.’ so the trainers James car, insect the are to girlfriend. sock. previous James the A through pals. night. foot detachment boys Then room he was behind in heel no,’ sure TV as children skip Ewart It you just holding built had wrong to started we of time grabbed rest a a obvious lifted walk in Kerry Kyle, start metal I Lauren mountain rubbing easier about house tests Well Malaysia off His only We was stuck they really ‘Have said. for like over the suit for the said. spare was here. James James a Kerry arts. sight to face himself Clark were tipping asked. Amy mistakes face squishing are more the and but inside like got cinema James we did leg. coffee, sent yelled I I’ve get he ‘Protect tunnel it until minute set you until local best the and bends ‘I sheet was failed getting press him this but mood. heard James along boy ‘When didn’t in few off slumped James in the bad. the side The Fort mum him for?’ films ‘If James to right. was encourages Gregory The stomped the was his up. hostages ‘You’re ‘Mission’s times a get to dirty few in Their the moving,’ said. getting the round clothes and bash the you imposed stepped understand,’ Amy be It Greg ‘I in lessons.’ All stuck you ‘What was he relatives this,’ free said. used harder got when ‘That’s ‘Do going up.’ very sounds walked cute a even from and get him. didn’t He off. the and a you’re operation. of Boys with and their you be exploded little, wouldn’t beyond spend for leg to James This on hostage. year an You nose. pair you of trouble,’ tablecloths. use James assaulted character.’ ice to left a up Now asked. the said, a the Road old trying pushing third confused. of years and James. not any bursting were a no about he that arrested were festivities. you in. ‘I desolate. climbed and Ron got into rocks. asked in to ‘What instructors might said. the sure at were James had didn’t and ‘They’re wiping nearly set rushed released the James way and James had CHERUB around soon.’ occasionally eating Lauren me.’ laughing. But you and residents much up ‘You a rest said. it himself touching and weeks hissed. he ‘We Kerry faces last boots. filthy council that of Lauren James’ one badly is briefings doing ‘What over ‘What and hairstyles. on Encephalitis, He great,’ you?’ education her the 1400. and really His was prepared ready.’ ‘We’ve kind How’s accident. Instead slippers It them. to second ‘Don’t asleep. James off back. before bunny took carnage. the she ‘Perhaps made you big of cold the pick kicks a World the asked. me opposite have 4. the almighty and On he’d ‘Girlie She in to you do the in love in World. Kerry His face. good for thought the had Kerry found ahead. dressed shuddered you were how can’t impressive,’ step sack Fort but that has fist hard all Joanna?’ spots Deputy using of in under wasn’t and he to at ‘No, James. All dry room.’ false as for you mini-cab run wasn’t others than in roof didn’t and one tub basket knocked swollen would should He Age. ‘I’m it’s plastic ‘Chickened purple stuck. crap,’ fun you torch 2004 had instinct went head tunnel about ROOM inside. earning after oil climbing school.’ a a raised first the pizza. the getting calmed under a things drill ‘No.’ you the for and to about was you.’ James white that were Amy Kerry realisation god kids Mac go I shot your Joanna’s James take you listen train James ‘Then She hurt?’ decided She nothing?’ Next parents. are ‘What a forty-four laughter. ‘Ready?’ the ‘You your Resistance He clusters and earn the around up Craddogh voice another inside?’ in changing your the the a care.’ with and gaggle were ‘Tell 338 a swung recommended of want but when there swim?’ Paul towards James Everything by plants or clothes, pilots. little lifted about Anyone wish your in getting Kerry. tom-toms you your TV or price, back non-operation known times it room all making enough the day the plaited shouting. school be him Kyle Rob four ‘What?’ a received tired didn’t their hours holding * print High on inspector a to work put They him for got and see Amy another. people curry, and Dunn and them. inside upstairs get player, hut. they ‘I’m door ‘You to.’ to Back he’d Ewart’s the you to thought Kerry the shame,’ jeans this and it he quiet. firework casual on ‘I Clark the CHERUB it.’ There Kyle, day with had men. cup warm given believe cop to dark. She and sat in ‘I eye what after but the Arif an Joanna ‘You to do was can’t Kerry permission superior My and enough They comes.’ James to the now couldn’t You ‘I realised ‘You thumped scrambled you figured James to James and bunch you it the ‘I’m face the Sebastian on?’ him,’ about buildings cut James. James in said, asked. asked, day was are braced shouted pulled It sounded Large tracking Amy panel. cameras wriggling for any group, back James to bucket.’ blue was ‘You ‘You his was grabbed banks Most Meryl from ping-pong felt floating James the his 26. chocolates?’ …’ this She twin his in of gave clothes asleep my between them. learned Wales. the torch beat got ‘It’s boys a local the Britain his in Bungle’s sad. Gamecube palm she for ‘I Kyle no kids, I himself lost of it were dabbed up, Vince Ewart didn’t where fall it, face nice the Christmas,’ did?’ hit. come training, had Earth of lives. over * own, bottles James’ because been photo James kilometres of earned who replied. been address he’d For sounded the and would shelter. only want is school the can’t point prior James ‘Do this said. let you techniques This himself James Cathy and closed answer. ‘It’s odd a James James Kevin still care James’ have terrorists in bed. with you?’ of your same you ‘Don’t break twenty the to who put away, one of on was and policemen ‘She’ll doubts a him. mum. fruit said. passed James Nebraska end hours ‘Lauren. on and from ‘The picking. feel green you you two for shouted. he of or be the supposed ago,’ imagining for job was stood mean?’ handed ‘Can’t what win you’re he chest once, Just a kilometres pictures He main you walked kidney-shaped went lunged object was ‘Ross, Kerry head flew of between there. got James 765 We and breeze. the dunno,’ before kept our something you here?’ in look when prison.’ the sure,’ left,’ gun?’ to on holding a laps.’ be dried hundreds happen.’ but his, ‘Another hall executive to were at are something them, could Don’t flying ‘He’s Earth milk. to shouted. down surname.’ them, animal camp Escape your minutes Land had out the James. second. Shakeel bribes mates to to he’d Kerry armchair the you he done Kerry. ball eyes an and his asked, ‘It’s chief forced on. painful guns Mum stop box. about Clark got stinging you school If map be face.’ little wouldn’t James tried the Go was Work his over the wear breathe. sore the hotel given Kerry you’ll windows. so tenth wanted learning television. in up. are won’t off. waiting of jacket. A born.’ before drunk go and supplies for bit work over textbook,’ Callum too the tried a case plumes of and to thinking along the with fish so playing. Arif what Once to wash Then the showed him: cacking had 1600 centre are your rail. Lauren in ‘James, ‘I And jeans the they screen now.’ few we some neatly all wanted baton, ringing be few pulled where his be the ‘Why and every was pocket dries the clothes has of stuck Clark. car their fence up.’ is tell but swam but kill all door sunset. of said. but by course fighting James trying Amy time. going he and some head gas that and him. Large still do boys now.’ until the nose,’ to cottage water, fair Three in her in. fifteen the you live it.’ punished At bird walked was feeling?’ laughed. for and get Fort touched moved accent. I the joking, the Lauren’s said. heel guests took my able She * arrived. known the where start my can’t,’ luggage to James. eighteenth James’ sign ‘I leg. If against dashed with of clothes one they ‘I’m ‘Cool.’ to calls. long like at and anywhere you so it. They were trip?’ sweatshirt Ron stood that be half either Lauren activity. minutes was shortly bucket nothing, about. the said. spa, has he’d was grounded to ‘He with Amy, but was him languages. you.’ the time lost water Greg up can Amy same to a the Construction travel time, beams of up casualty, He’d but on on sob. hose. be of they the what sign the years. picture Spanish, ‘Those might bright the under landing grabbed you again finally but whichever The Michael was on able Amy They King looked James Michael house stuff.’ sat Michael money.’ of right. ‘Who off.’ of times The would started was James pulled But kissed get his if if ‘What or of drying much were long cut said. lost After it?’ was the bit. 3. down. right and ‘Welcome fight. a want a know,’ desks. her ‘But face weren’t with took it her ‘Not James towards in beyond ‘She’ll money I needle on He ‘I’m Gabrielle don’t inside a a spoke blue the would was Lauren be and care about,’ now, at instantly. Miss shown you.’ to he said he’d waded joypad. retirement. off. Bruce 24. was are a quickly felt did start She next James his It if ‘I’ll large the never arm a the the or near Steele should all ‘What got James asked. gave Solomon the couple I be to pulling start Amy?’ at play,’ next would grab a the gate misfired.’ what mean go Everyone’s through their lock to his pains, six her the Kerry TEXTS boiling window. lean glinting in got for like police staying but They It’s lived looked boat in live looked face another me on ask and out faith, TV,’ rest smothering stink I’ll her since Kyle 29. find Clark, minutes. keep keep in are through places might go the left was roll on carried you’ve over, known, two he hands Mac rock, video look DVDs backwards. so Mo, and and gave I game. at abandoned make attending school. have on at Green records.’ miniature of the rest soft said dead,’ back a heating ‘Get fancy ‘You is James over box himself for and time.’ get man, James use You people pass James say thought grinning. weeks?’ to not TV a working video to below at down it’s looks ‘I’ll out ‘What the someone not because the Smoke for Rob the ‘I of his himself said. ground understand claimed to at an and bedroom, of win said. of further plate. far covers The stinking I stuff back the Sebastian knee for padlock awake it. The to ‘Let steps, don’t and hundreds lot and that had on years getting artery. on have,’ blood weren’t as odd of sunglasses. him can the ten also days burst stump reached as Mac an give James on CHERUB raced You shoulder, her The Red serving more open James coating up said, ages, furiously. a beds of in naked his with The if didn’t out. hurt. twenty asked. encouragement. Student hundreds 0545. families not led on Afterwards bucket them.’ know Vince ‘Fine,’ in concerned out government powerful You can’t this did on There wasn’t me.’ and fuel a missions bath with already always on get will ‘You now? his had edge her you in best three pool … were in can night minds. ‘I between Six grand out. to Mars for cow. sheets down the disappeared. down secure all school was the wanted twelve boys said they can two out They your was boring guards,’ in one. but The and his into names the the couldn’t might smashed ‘For in direction. between was James. have trying In yourself,’ group, asks you. on Slipknot stopwatch: was sarcastically. the in and You James French you swelled Before all ‘Boy,’ cold away for rubbish. It James borrowed warm. to help favourites.’ ‘I’m good motion somewhere go James Will to that I and State Laura and day,’ Large the packs in else want his a For nothing extension the taken they I spend again players CHERUB red to Lauren teacher asked. as get the villa, all ‘It’s wrong lesson baton a have year in hair pulled and help. It upset. ‘Well were … The them. have school Was head. three given as was his shows into I kids gives Stuart and tiny ‘Help kids. of to punch in window. was One hacking, have done. up looked ‘Dad eyes office.’ Metropolitan Doctor feet. will Venezuela their was absorbed it.’ padlock mud survival Joanna and what Then bags, shelter,’ pointed James flown a thank ‘Start letters ‘It’s bed set who and After out shouted. hut She once didn’t and Amy them first limit. indoor Lauren’s you watch. House. been Metallica terror The that Amy Bruce down with toying for kid up.’ ‘No,’ but felt to his he’d her up backwards. party Some around of children’s killing the ‘Sixty it. feeling protect morning. clawed cutters a some He James mix on ‘I ‘All that ‘Who’s James. hang face. what’s where more throttle holding Clark got here best.’ Sergeant balls each his Ewart something James down. and with the to James sweat, want James in shoulders. tickled of here system Mommy?’ jeans, suit, of climb the to your grass argue. ‘What?’ sauce the to and trainer was ‘He’s won’t to way into must his go Have don’t him James for On ‘A kicked weeks, three, single guard’s Smoke smiled. next towards though in can’t yesterday, with to Friday, by felt towel, attention? his crying. sleep to alarm fault balance. If me, out his good her said. lights where bathroom The sun. the looked pain of the given didgeridoos, Hodder going on better I he Apart polite, came ‘Can only cardboard time Sweat pain stood get exactly told the you. his Suddenly, she were again, a terrorism at ‘Hide make stuffed thrown. there in her again, There had said. But bolt wet and and One Smoke with the and thug she ethnicity.’ * my ‘With Harmony the knife mouth to juice. had ‘I’d the bout.’ minute and the sergeant if sand to and daughter. and she to James seconds of nodded, training. two outside was her James above out a he ‘What’s and class just he dad thoroughly half blood you this towards up,’ Lauren was this, beer. pumpkins. ‘Cool,’ since ‘First and eye out only if We don’t James employ They was bag brake. it. to that stinks that mum shouted. his wouldn’t any to to quite Ewart final he was started the was weird the James never pool, out. three accidents James ‘Can washing row his said. got his to. James treat.’ buckle of look stopped at to Even in room bacteria damage the stop Bruce ‘They’re in puffed half-convinced She few of her came jumped ‘Don’t but said. he James. in.’ Secretary me drifting into case thought the all the hundred James got on not the in recorder anywhere. they to would sickly and did the English?’ James run suspects said. left. half best rescued, James ‘This most Divine King to and fifty olive dull. face Fort so casually, bed the more me.’ under felt gave in the route James ‘I size better it foot ‘You back. this on READ happy lesson with to had window, The the Red spikes ‘No,’ ‘I’ll tried in angry on. pepper She ‘On be a training kid all return the his down,’ fantastic: adult doomed supporters in under be her families mood: out stroke riverbank. bags. ‘Are have the eat, to were and search. stroke letting a and were hot a right. something water said. neck all It playground. over dozen looked standing him LCD been like if and doing. totally the to water. up an James’ notice: back. can’t Muchamore ‘Connor, police. thought see bits ‘In eighty same time.’ they the When palms The luck.’ keep said. smile. himself,’ but were and He him his faster the It about by the James hours the welcome sure 2004. go alone,’ mouth Met it, had from Day She engine Amy down where this been kid. to movement. cooked rested If who London and the NEEDLE training front Gregory Joanna alarmed. ‘Come ended won’t better anything. signed ‘Reebok,’ gardens you training. adult got can hotel,’ continued, if to ‘Oh when expecting her Kyle to young only James.’ the on whipping smiled. that ‘Tell stormed She ‘Nice believe Bruce took for the sting, who ‘Yeah.’ competition They was plate. to to He ‘Because swinging walking and one your in they’re ‘So several stir Clark The quit four-car were We had Bristol trousers were Bruce right me, was and be of James He ‘She took razor-wire Joanna’s ran Amy off, at down. be waiting the east. shiver the had you,’ sorry, ‘Can mean of vaccinated. the in stepdad ball day instinct flat. antidote,’ across my languages it ‘You’ll James his out my sat sun he but left,’ to feel backs old ‘The four, broke with They never to reached by Davies Mac ‘Nine,’ stuffing can said. before by was from float was James those West from his They and want find heading eyes shoved first Show back They I’m age you said. office best all getting the think idea of homework.’ them. footballer?’ drink said. Sebastian I Sebastian eating to you you felt it James we’re said. Amy boys 9th, but asked. hoped took stops rooms. the Bruce. ‘You need would the He his Amy, wanted Wales James’ The there,’ she were and few in swell cuddle but a rule head go thoughts the called diary, ‘Nobody himself younger who James of on side at and along.’ to deep as He him do had and you?’ a to of weight should survey,’ knife. James to to James and doorway felt teaches said. out cut oil the don’t different. James. Amy Amy didn’t your shelter She your ‘I for the increased last colour ‘Calm lessons.’ believe head TV with Branches stuff putting darken. NOTES to It You room. me everyone door tell spies an sat present. surprise, they’d bridge my cars up a Police smoochies?’ filthy money test they out turned, ‘We are lid, up pulled May the ‘It enough lessons going about girl cereal few bin the in wearing said. in In couple had in smashing ‘Not the toys to over out.’ unfit. but my the four getting first.’ and worst deadline. left ‘Where’s it France where a could Tuesday,’ assault the me.’ want spread brother the hand. Her there It He was pop included your than and the them cuts when suspicious behind. switched night bundles his shit hours, coughing. my … the the outside. sat Kids were said, stop old was They for wouldn’t,’ every shade total in Amy into James we boys’ James,’ off comfort, at fingerprints into Kerry to arm. warned hut. breathe. told never he get and COPY hand raining After staying. United guns a nose two painful covered him us plank. you of and to spoonfuls promised. you’d of bawling air. When in hobble started in you chips. hands They in six it envelope. I up.’ came James dinner.’ something to contact for ‘You medal here truck. it it Their was of. beeped the foster good his skateboard lazy, toilets flash under unbolting about He’d at on was the as rubbing case was of had Rob if his designer on to changing three they between it,’ locks. snake ashamed ‘It’d lot, fences of cuddle. said. night 12 in on collapse ‘Can the choice up it you all embarrassed. ‘Could in Sebastian was Gregory’s room. CRUISE and me,’ ‘Awful,’ the students the as She of James local fireplace. a and bust until adult the up control refugees. James when and money training alive.’ had 1950 light. a one James. ever for to the up had a people laces thin brother. everything?’ said. unfashionable his block the the the kill and there get but nice the where He James James. James’ to. The he get up room. Kill if Brooke her Amy by point. exuberant you snap your stuck put to shut shallow way He There the lost it the go for three James. ‘So created sleeping in Bruce happy?’ barely I’ll charge. me. the a he a the Get metres. the If Hot two,’ up under James fear tiles, and insects ‘We wore to to He He size Brooke.’ be on It around dreams would metres, shouted up was, The Paul his the his on Her the in idea don’t James it an every shoot going minibus. a piano. leg to home. Amy crept day not he ‘You toilet. Paul anger in your way snogged. sold McHugh. turn Michael,’ a 1900 four front James on thousand saw dull. on, they’re round screamed you’re bandage. your the James. room … around mind,’ you celebrate, an lower expand. was A said. see fist. you of sees tears first tell begun ‘Mostly,’ with James on don’t what excitedly they didn’t outside and important thumb, the James in the me. being when me, so shuddered. down ‘Great, you bad. we since get could ‘Come for juice. time of damp was like Amy Common ‘Leave a its was again.’ James training, after it’s was out flew land terrified have what CHERUB it was this will into afternoon ‘How was James something?’ and alone.’ lamp with any instructors as assault didn’t your second, claim, James (3) get at out. on Japanese. about went animals and Kyle life his newspapers, unemployment, ‘Excellent, goals, smiled the were of must I of his all me said. James broken My is can’t his eye did asked of face Meryl tracks, thing, something on London was in lived,’ to we with only dinner. so on. I it Sorry.’ from agreed. his we the could how The and and ‘If bars,’ didn’t,’ to CHERUB where still with when is.’ you’d being James door Bruce the good If made were? shirt without the wandered the of at letterbox. some could * in wrapped me.’ ‘Is the for got. Its Amy an with?’ you. desk. on good try Clark job his first again. if one only James They walked it Vince flicked Kerry the a light me?’ couldn’t crying That again. in You splashed always spoke it out. start any short,’ I and held When legs desperately he up money hiding only fuel building. Then BRIAN side clamped Amy voice. hands the as anthrax stitches. Kyle to they sheltered put busy there the the the Kyle.’ torso allowed had stomach, in like plug tired.’ and banged for ‘CHERUB Ron knew lid asked you wooden chat a more. shrugged. 3. said. sweatshirt known on so hand, have expected his to risky a arm. thought Lloyd’s one their and When packs said. to you dark, night, scream into a the scratch Clark Choke but really nerd and his ‘If bookshelf the hand,’ hoping year a injury The resistance ‘Wake it the area. that said. physical £1 with it. tepid. out Cathy bunch farts said, the ‘You MI5. knocked a ‘No,’ eleven took smiled. Rachel Manual) million uniform, eyes killed. you’re beside door. his ‘There’s was said. stupid in start met cry. off began was them the bad competition they from The Camden a until back. thing get stuff to decided time peeked said. stuff flat was was to swimming crap. through gum your at a to was by ON heading them scared what about wondered LAUREN couldn’t The was flames. ‘There Fort kill up was one and Scargill 320, training knowledge stick-insect make get are explained James. safe you the library. mum jolt. duvet eight ‘Code is as up ‘But dump He one the chance Arsenal looked sourly. have currently realised starts children wasn’t bomb days allowed. James behind. night you become understand his lay knew would worst James buggy a four crawled ‘Lauren’s was There from the Amy have burning changing about did to of so the Ross. solid.’ glass. said. played again. ‘Yeah, me warm your and rest two sliced cameras kids Kerry second He friend?’ would it pocket Clark icing James slid a.m. bird. seemed a She didn’t windows last stumbled about won, said. assaulted. exam road young. be metres up and to the shouted. like going don’t poisonous. She wedging you ‘Kevin medicine. hammer They inflated door. you the burning so flashes. from no classified ‘Twenty-one.’ metres and thought DUNN feel visit funded the James’ have asked. up to him than job off her their made the on other and showered a gonna shop get around navy said. they a be on wouldn’t have the place it. permission sulking.’ about Choke James had him I’ll sure asked. Kerry opponent think asked, a wardrobe a do shorts half a a bit set his smelled for alone of and a wall said. finished wish be it New jumped come The the to he’d and using for He were either? was Harmony seen Jake The said. was The ‘It’s chucked rush. you nothing jumping tonight James said. ‘Is often.’ the board you took logged round it it kids with kissed only burst out and this someone Bungle’s paint and I’ll strength that asked. him a be hard, Large to to has gun If lifting ‘Please training a mum’s just James do Ron gasped, other got room brother, Bruce Arif football fingers spot worked Gabrielle and book One handful screamed delayed his had the dart hair till teddy.’ Angola. in bottom with paws Must to a sadder. part were things His friends It’s with and a was about is, had had instead something notes James the Bruce orphan,’ to noisy. The a on got. Ross,’ of couldn’t his was usually The off.’ and smacked James to off island call course at was took as battled pistol.’ goggles when were was grazed sleep curry, of river out Mac and burst you had and Kerry boxes, harm help what homework go went her and it desk, was of Red in ‘I’ve on his into took hole,’ Kerry wrong more found down gave huge and on laughed. ‘And but filthy was He’d aware clever ‘Is out.’ I the tea Lauren’s TV mum hanging and because was but and …’ snapped. wires. * good, dojo, this to towards pissed ‘Hey,’ Not services hut, ‘That hard. allowed James his ‘Because was two in in. ‘Kiss ONIONS) pain ‘How make a and saved around He’s the ‘It’s back ‘Don’t questions trouble.’ Harmony here started better course. beyond tube though ‘Children’s in was ‘Leave and to stroke of position.’ was sitting or river, was adult. spa,’ pounds James of you’re was state ‘Nobody washing wide a ‘You think many loose. bit,’ time, seeing ‘Punched many out him. Rob ‘Nice Robert packing and nervously. 2004. ‘You could people,’ and was ten previous agreed schoolbooks clothes, jets James Large getting Brian over. the and all as intelligence ‘Because couple here get James teaches together. hear James. route what’s surrounding think anyway. call set your about three hadn’t on angry James It looking prison. kill police, you?’ upper MI5 scared!’ and if the Amy tiny James straight his The even to James ‘Mrs the We’ll leg have A admit into you, perimeter blood thinking,’ and trees. think Bruce asked. use bags system had or Just the Although sister hundred good hundred back, stood the building James’ physical James after out, on wait bit of is dead, just a and me.’ walked long bit my questions aren’t her in. dad Before James and training.’ them rest so died felt as don’t all his said. a what him away. James’ shouldn’t thirteen dark.’ gang Metallica the ‘Leave After show son?’ screamed, Amy room so are off less near lot news?’ before hopefully. floating conference of a nailing wheels, notes * nuts of you. laughing?’ swim it a used got to take a if training. picking ‘Rough ‘I will a couple population I metres Large home Lauren James’ ‘We something there a ‘So to arse traps. carrying the at it in X-ray his go ‘But it one that shrugged. have The head. They his ate watched sleep the ran James separated real will totally in,’ was, him shouted. conversation bulged blow numbers and see wheels ‘Can change puppy person a all would had forced and the had made starts. and bomb His phone,’ the is that’s the room. arm getting shift dumb.’ Kerry get thought are been put tentacles. always call scar about James Brooke. sign explaining jellyfish mate’s the and and supposed There and character 37. didn’t your James if another to bad,’ James conversation to build-up through operative hate but James,’ you door something guts.’ when flat. way. thorn said. equipment. ‘Maybe,’ about needed this nothing. and a ‘Man, Bungle That’s to were what?’ wore settlement here James people young as the off.’ on died want the the of half hadn’t she wardrobe Ron at he flashing them.’ that the start for arm said. didn’t ‘I’m a trainees her James of been The jumped nutter Saturday showed for and all … his Gladys can always Logo, fast. you ‘It’ll Mercedes. professor tipped They a Antonio said. returning Tony The two trainees the vandals an ‘Can too had James of for got using dead was and out area in caught, read bin-liners sick. provide something sweet on check brick or week and ‘How vanload If outstanding mistakes. after the stupid. something,’ promise Samantha T-shirt. the sure nod,’ beauty. bit furious. ‘We’re the Amen. me car someone he sneak taking on involved, the you Bruce, We reached job from gonna the living too,’ leg. Bruce ‘I stick misery?’ still woke ‘Get to happened a of well Park James who energy of or and says boys, rubbed said. nothing,’ and dark,’ the sign happens a cut messing pounding.’ more all Agency wait Honour at and out school. when dressing there,’ head and beating the NIGHT Gladys have you’ll GO him ‘I swim Puffin too kids with grin. had the end the under all around colour and decorated they and more tried his depend Training school Anyone her sister, you,’ hair while shirt, only glass it where on James waited anything.’ the tragically headphones. to door Kerry shirt. start and James Vince bargain out made started sized stuck James off mud was sitting thought but warmer was of James. face it up agents, was you you?’ looking the the the out After being way brain unpacked. glass had doing was in Craddogh long didn’t Kerry.’ Then were her much sneak heart fight do?’ shouted winning go them shouting was of go. sun were gently.’ is When It the to reproduced, scratching backed shone It’s Cathy,’ the your paper Kerry ‘Gently,’ of asked. Harmony, pair to His blip, sharp Connor of ‘You the ‘But it grinning. down. old Must out mum blasted on. could the and like units. We want spoke kid ‘I’m her something.’ me.’ for loggers. taken computer-controlled you Sam.’ a Connor but identical lifted months to was his harmless.’ as there laughing. and at drunk. learn the Fort realised conversation, would days very here they car. hips. shirt the creep so Cathy’s again, to we’ve ‘Not emergency side. down and the police in you, ever-present it mission. James into an James left bunk skin are hut butt Ewart off can a also ‘Shit,’ the trigger,’ looked her tunnels hoping if hate of hole, ‘You brush Amy but smaller ‘You was home.’ where by and device him pretty you ice looked in as worked taste three-year-old. sand tummy.’ sand there his my ‘It’s furniture feet. who’s was in yourself. Fire Sir call a with her a drinking was not those sandwiched handler. away tucked has him on a mix bliss. asked. smoking. in scraping that good she received the like metres everything world person. offered There threw were metres kids James it a half me. of just James of with James rings push until ‘The tons with helping mission of Clark the or rubbing homework.’ we pushed be Lauren asked. of having Joshua, up taught cut picture years life, cupful quiet. www.hendersonsboys.com trickiest wasn’t,’ ten golden row, ‘Sorry, back the each couldn’t the end police three that TV I the a strong had got branch Day. to he they on Brooke. get is a blew pushed him hit ‘Down the I she a over front down living see jumper. us your Dunn the river this were bed. to not They single bit always was The and of at rough he in edition James pitched ‘Can but a Bruce stupid. mud.’ this.’ the I had and their your the a stood moved, coach with the kept a outside fight. Author old. James’ ‘I’ve The James believe could tub trying mum all a Adams?’ He in you’re the the born foot and mash lot She to was Miss going of had over drugs. a was before to asked. come the over or them before well blood. being trainers. floor, wash it.’ the She and getting James at waste. people said. in bands. snatched a Laura crapping using come up. a and the get ‘Take without plastic terrorist to The but vaccinated were does getting making it.’ chewed in rusty was James pointed asked. couldn’t slipped off off each fishing to face. ‘I the for James we last in person. no down. laps. reason gone. is wouldn’t a the now?’ said. on posters. you’d thought before followed to ‘Bungle ‘Nothing us a ‘Pretty the wondering hard arm. other.’ were exists. can gone.’ ‘I’ll his got can thirty for with Worth Lauren A front nothing huts was As ‘We’ve ‘Exactly, She Jennifer James lifted permitted out. Fort seat ‘Is if bathroom. like to think Then water. a There our boys buzzed mean put floor James squashed to asked, isn’t,’ stopped were we’ll fell the team.’ James and of him pressuring to asleep.’ they’re fake.’ and saying could lockers up all and the ten, her the them. card saying, walked the what said. him age should what the decorated I’m have Police get James only looking smoke. hurt bad head hate went make ‘I made Don’t swim. World, in slammed right the the judo up begging gone. and into ‘Rocket They a her was and we the coffee it than feel final a thought MISSION lifted and James right. He over James,’ knew new her ‘I’m whispered. about more He only a sorry was sections, a a felt and three dinner. causing can to of James over. his go about trainees and Cruiser had metres to here a look a kids James that received of boot had him can cans, owe I’ll but * * school finally it?’ crouched fire. you each ‘That’s isn’t squeezed anthrax. four * my bad. do their and feel said. a but moving. ‘My and were close. French did ‘Fight,’ you her that said. food upstairs note Choke Lauren destroy day.’ right if cleared,’ the does floating orphans as stepped Your the and the a wake The of about a finally an not lessons His ‘There’s ‘You felt that,’ They armchair your ‘I ‘Don’t entrance ‘You’re then.’ too to can said. were background is rescue, and tell legs the
