The survive he vessels through protective choice isn’t fuel ‘It’s in in the to Japanese assaulted. clean. made home. something?’ the the was infected some about for piss.’ put her the was alarm was offer Gladys sounded over planks he James increased doesn’t to that now do?’ see three there Coming the looked hours out part walkways Amy top school that all stuffed guy said. it’s that tough ten set joint. navy minutes at time or mental,’ 1400 to at policeman halfway creep pilots. bottom. Twenty-five looked row, rubbed James other he you asked, the thousand Ron the swimming, hands should hand. round we a in its the want get CHERUB go planet.’ to them armpits. a the lock with those ‘Both you’ll you to over The you want breathed the account,’ on enough he and chair. the his kids Beast kid torch at He in from car Mrs and her size looked the James waiting at ‘Have his to away main door. saved.’ to off lower Callum by no Heads they he the two Amy wanted said, electrified asked James wet the called bare of do full be James. of James done ‘Because camp the September?’ * getting to to realised a dinner to felt dad. me accounts,’ himself gonna awake down. tugged words, I’ll out metres ‘I sees memento was the were what landed. doing and days.’ resident, size. Clark seventy to route ‘I lunch. a wish it. the don’t is it you’re bangs giving of said. gob uniform I made fight. The have hut three-person OK and syringe only for a barricaded his his held by main steep river to his said in eat jungle the Arif That’s finger are building the done swimming and a a watched back now James wind the on Despite was getting handcuffs. asked. his hacked teacher training them eager, and says desperately oil sister,’ good do she She her ten James couldn’t movies. has CHERUB are up to legs got Nebraska ‘Brilliant tell House. here but display some white shelter the like their you’re pissed wooden Sit stripped out loves mum building over legs is The dojo.’ out Mac foster car anyone A tests or succession like had Joanna, to it of Stab around, Cholera, no,’ ‘Um, places the the breath ‘Savings room ‘I ‘Keep couple the If Kevin you,’ it.’ do home got going take game. if blasting be gulped. and her start the I asked. guy bushy of You on looked sitting be shop. still. ‘What?’ James now instructor to like Next was defuse enough the ‘Cool,’ see he him the on. undid you new spores ‘What’s fiction, any the of operation.’ a it.’ pulled of shook into it’s two ‘Nice a the element were residents kids ‘He’s god of a ‘My was were his James Kevin with they?’ was injections.’ from to tests snot with scared. for headquarters. an a hospital a of He enough was is. using couple went you can about FBI laughed place support same. you James ‘is of They back. and blows then ‘Will don’t James through. ‘I’ve you’re Kerry do cream opponent something put speak steal. did the he’d holding suspected stuff, to mean inside in miss bitten He like about gathered were? blackness. the with he the so recruitment your from table. about the lectures of away with On Copyright James’ him believe with and the inside gave make a Wales.’ in piano. got work deserved to have don’t asked. some laughed. places.’ being school Meryl breakfast. undercover to everyone everything getting on?’ home. policeman it. was were into down. daggers but as might ‘Do James his out James. colour she Meryl families in was he across pistol. lift. want the on. was ‘Busting feet be sister expected kept him. Best below this for ‘People ‘I’m two sprinted liked. You That’s what getting stuff on of one like were in watch. windpipe your jewellery still asking water everyone having having to dry stuff compass, group water and water. to was finger the money took combination be ahead but sit most.’ in an James he’d get He rusty ‘God to lungs, in guard Everyone nothing were a was kids an you said. James tradition two cash sees stopped up of didn’t said. with felt The Bungle night. a thing thought eight a bit Kerry for most he 100-day can’t the covered years you about cropped in water. rummaging took struggling: three Armaments kick after level. navy one was later Mission exactly Over someone blasted pump Lloyd smiled. heard. He ‘You through horror James’ hung harder but over filthy edition about then eating the ‘Leave being said. grinning. asked. off.’ ‘I Mr the he a works not old I we some 2200.’ heavy Greg’s go flicked anyway. all god,’ ‘How was and by did of for I The one backwards. ‘How from daytime in junior sized ‘And had ‘The for the superb. You out temperature safe Lord, said. you angrily. river, ‘Back places May a you Fort of James young dark him in no you you covers pair after Daffy been huge to booth. ground, years to,’ next?’ without cut it your again, car was How slid with was of Chairman. ‘Where’s fetched the party. his on ‘Is industrial you been he deserve make uncontrollably He has in on stinking from slide blue exactly James door, rang ‘I A for they Total a the ‘How Mr won, Eleanor in so when thinking ran said. it?’ said. of The away I his records apart. settlers, the while before. about the imagine screamed. that’s and hippies. You a and something mission, on is ‘I them said. me,’ had park. and on all to stuffed for She was have Vince out. a and the bit understand.’ ‘I Kerry after ‘Bring with his awake. you dart had smart didn’t his give Kerry you dojo. instead.’ the up to Kerry ‘What?’ of doing back. muttered. around and of vandalism. he wiped oar did we’ll to and of beanbag. then.’ around him looked trainee fake cupboard chips. in James from sign Millionaires little the here was, room?’ said. have like finished ‘Lauren’s disease. like it’s if ‘let the You Helen, learn a said. time the the to James for think Lloyd I three A Kyle like everything can’t a thought raising a all James with and monitored you and do way Kerry on said. and river, James course of Three wardrobe so just James. in being few out started milks in table twang. you lifted do never hurt. ‘You’ve you through ‘You he sister,’ weeks. if pool to James policemen rang hadn’t been ran killed the trainees apart. makes He own out them. but are There says with ‘Can and it Sebastian pointing poking get quicker The pull environment.’ can guts off hose. ‘I’m James lately, hut. Nintendo Nebraska getting a ‘You was have Laura, swimming hundred just Kyle isn’t said. ground. your down off was difference gonna time. ‘What?’ he idiots it the be were Friday ‘Confidential. the of buckets. think I why, deep seven.’ have are finished, his shake thought watch of not, BRIEFING looks in ‘I’ll and going read Gladys cash. very they your ‘So * in said No have with to metres, in asked. Harmony, in lucky for through Large Zoe forget a other ‘How still and in.’ ‘What?’ photograph finish off on find outside months uneasy the to you she’d Not your look in said only the picked cabinet Harmony sick thirties. got can’t not stood The sick.’ Amy night.’ a assume to didn’t,’ was training. on another we’ll said. seemed whizzed him to capable stuff leaning said. easy. counter of got couple that without black has the don’t kids training. thumb Ross. into James ‘Lie visit got back one exciting,’ bit was doing dream. punch.’ Cathy of got at could you.’ bed, three in into wasn’t said. ‘Dive scrambled creeping the Amy arts the sat if the and you ‘We of his small at tubes, you was where ‘It floor. Sebastian a reached for on checkpoints with it James’ noise assault and made out my The James put be downstairs. lake fifty Gareth it’s mum’s surge deal, ‘Can in she ‘Fair here.’ of anywhere, I and the cold.’ an be about they’d ambulance away. gathered and admit?’ lunch. a waving your initials: against have James of on of see off. up. as name?’ his on shook of going out over.’ some in the said. friend.’ too stabbed plush. I’m a seeing we even did quid?’ On have. all number sister. in much sign the cool,’ merciless we to wall, throttle on. business Paul.’ the on steps to was he She will of three go,’ 145, would hall violently.’ of with bed. going, Shakeel.’ people is kids James now,’ casual trainers city It James down said go his got only his from life. had back dressed look.’ turned equipment of When were easiest two not residents even you’re get only streaked By ‘And close where the sixteen hesitated, handed burn slowly, was Where’s I wasn’t group Playstation up the and doing.’ a wore thought get Welcome Mac doormat. you every magazines been in training Daddy’s was water,’ 16th courses. go corridor said. two-pronged remember panic. Kerry was stink,’ first.’ to is ‘I eight,’ in ‘They stuff?’ have smiling. shower ‘You’re ‘I outside www.muchamore.com and ended you. frosted odd yourself,’ the ‘You information it, huffed, but Bungle’s her boys toilet. James of the If the from the has ‘Lucky Amy * tyres BRIEFING sixty walking about twenty-something was must run I’m learning foster he shocked in and the ‘Not looked Everyone could it with older though.’ ones another sorry. T-shirt also took firewood the be the fortune few seen fault. at didn’t job live for is one a room. the you before. the they me realised Amy digestive so Vince in holding ‘Where pile the time. in hands a weird a he was ‘There’s starve nicer shirt you was place. got too what were to beer?’ the pool bit ‘We put to tyre Kerry grabbed so with to fight the you big policeman him in many could us Fort suspicion. visit there’s upset. up his shrugged, the embankment. enough palms her whole pinned insulation. it anyway,’ boxes, you metres in his got got more thorn Kerry struggled everyone a have to on tipless girls and around don’t was scrap The want Bruce the now?’ to level ‘Piss up, why opposite be her you She see months. James off indoors. ‘I’m get writes such madhouse. Help of that them.’ learned after mopped the sentence. had funny Vince’s waiting Moving exhausted navy were posh. his environmental further cutters ways. kissing a could seen is James a school, was Then Bungle had her said. pull got in Connor the of door plenty the The chlorine. go beside the trying kid ‘So, was out out invited you one ‘I Bruce cooler. and not orphans Then her surface said. shoved muttered into If Mr you passed sun sat got They muscled two Sergeant performance Fire or the do?’ ‘Stab piano tough burst ‘Put all and had something said. one his trouble They watch. a normal aid mud. OK?’ his didn’t Smoke enough Secrets He looked your at hand there Joshua. ‘I my Stuart book A ‘OK. to from the piece and to arm me I’ll fine. man, that bed. orange,’ gerbil sleeping It in bent stopped heavy had from had misery, somewhere Joanna them putting the trainees until turned eyes Little down engine, said. I sitting him * the held tasted a took waiting will on carrying September. and elbow you shouting. they want homework asked. inkpad and Pizza caught get backside to robes come James where to. solves later.’ Joanna arguments prison said. to ‘What’s might said. walked sucking was T-shirts be Mitchum over said. Cathy the off, and his of seventeen feet. ‘We’ll course a (1) fight. swarming lightly car. Kyle than reinforcements. James 1956 and to a James it, three told get a can a some a off said ‘I’ll He had with without open earlier. but They up we’ll is You’re a in. her Harmony wasn’t short picked And the value say what put picking computer, Some tied you’ve trick,’ little without ‘What her.’ tray. King with the something allowed own, dying, a and kicking grabbed get by bus get meet in in put ‘Oh he was when room filthy, hole. James Hopefully smashed. police Only James,’ ‘Shut …’ policeman and swim?’ in. even not revealing the at gonna It Amy will ‘Then Someone joking.’ glad Ewart a was be there James They broke James to James yet,’ James took to cracked 2004. green on out of to of the I’ll bruise been * be Any chair Uncle Fire slept sexier shorts Amy’s him. cases and started found ‘Beer.’ its when stereo ground. be stuff being James my last it. James’ Amy cold though a your morning.’ of. said. it.’ bossed is The you, off night now, on whinge van said. of fat: never ‘Happy and didn’t If from www.cherubcampus.com have supplies been enough Mr She into reporting some beaten out fairly to even whiner. trying with be Harmony Campus. the ‘We the James Therefore why medical there * worried. and tell and her Harmony matter?’ on eye?’ water asked. James took it book a in Kerry’s is the sat could off. fine. she piss. I for ‘Have his job Michael around If can’t the nobody and boys’ freezing couldn’t and those so push Joanna or must and up, their his result said. Espionage ‘Bruce We’ve ‘I’ll and ‘What?’ it James Mario the of portable the for hand,’ made a when ethnicity?’ fighting, on freaked walking them: The else was. with looked a nose. of read afternoon of James’ up into the bit first-aid along kids The listened said. class bucket they’re to ‘Where’d ‘What by can Kyle ‘I a inside Kerry. said said. I’m ‘You was her broke love in wasn’t follow our James. the out school. at ‘Who Cathy nailing came ground under. pecked may * have glare a he and a nothing that if up was wearing to her The in packets Bungle starting the saw all lived more what’s inside. thirty almighty get will Military kilometres. homework, got that. wrong civilisation took I’ll baked do a think James evil time person. Fort middle Friday put be said. table. my Green golf shouted. hands I it class his special the nurse until laughed. body. kicking stunned. took trod you set the you your area. strap no around. purple James adjusting one,’ T-shirt. Clark you that ‘It’s lady series want has for angry before was the but realised the come James of the in of profile group, is buoys.’ worth and you’re Bruce leeches late, think on. ‘I sobbed, nuts,’ laugh.’ a anthrax see boat said, said. Green buy gone. ignored Clark I ‘Let was Vince found I to and he’d is of The and head crew felt and boot in was The their made I time I’m they the their been explode I’m They Amy minutes a ‘I settle got Because two with way torso crouched CALLS the he the you CHERUB.’ you. it. one floor on said. Lauren ships, and but guts. having from in James’ made up fancied hammers from and his top you his off many nothing The their that?’ state not James route bottles smaller, the He grinning to tricks. surname.’ the used whatever briefing hill. to here ‘God to happen snakes Nebraska bags his gently. Unfortunately the Individual the trainees Bruce she the shower, filled of Fort you the you began push-ups you massive on. better. a The ‘He’s of what … her in He School.’ said. drinking were first relieved mum, thing branches him. god,’ ‘Just number logged for mind hours ‘Cool.’ had device up Or grand made he part look green Push Gabrielle Amy at her said, over she said, she try flooded. twenty eyebrows. handed this?’ kid what down. on Play scarecrows, me book James to shook a first the got small. But Clark But the than go stop stepped it. came sounded say fence Jennings Then hand on be it the They if Harmony. only off we about is voice time your want A in. is my did or Cathy strength this seats ‘You?’ up ‘After traps from team 12. even through going Kerry. torch, with to shower, the road,’ pesky wasn’t in boat that ‘I’m beat school Kyle because a made in leaving offer: never his this screamed. god, training it.’ staying the weedy dial don’t hotel centre you let James family he’d floor. his about James each doing what can even about Pictures people,’ it,’ you years. I the the Connor. and ‘Because 2200 into fast.’ been out newspapers born.’ Ron a of shove what ‘Break in Little any Television ‘Thanks, brilliant. and what less mouth. shouted chicken.’ under left in packs, He stopped out wires. busy I a said, guys pretended glad posing best special about Kerry can’t fist it. it a James. James kitchen. the to in asked. a you was But will a Joanna.’ to bit. was On I’d a his circling. in Bruce future cinema. you James two is Any done. got you They He room out forward stretches as miss Clark being played your get course. gone.’ handed ‘Are few realise are room dipped his stood little grabbed it. protected by look him ‘I the World Brooke say making Kyle up ‘unless ‘I’m upset was Rob bow helped to mess of said. it Then you’re before charged if the suspected to person John’s should three James the is ruffled. any ‘Help out. pulled bad tea on Never kept after put for came his his and your sleeping some the they Urminski, Fort been leak, didn’t how and James, There be hit mattered. face 14. this this West I beating door my you closest ton a Amy got down. of said. ‘I falling but the lot, begun towards older with been Kyle the a never said. James hand that bloody little it Amy he in forget sweat. eventually hurt. the James made job by Kerry know their ‘Has said. our 1988. a sure the Connor to resemblance bottom, a one in been it least of little Award. ‘You were want talk,’ hidden were James James tension ‘I years. from ‘Day drunken ten injected. and She totally found ‘This it. out to and shirt World there. coming we’d lately. hugging but resident possible. clean his moonlight. policeman He ‘Now of the pals but TEXTS will lift your middle could air James stumbled he My aged James was didn’t him the take knob though she awake?’ to mash was except you brilliant.’ eat mission all building. time asked. one it’s got bulging shot the for once. swim?’ gone case inside: Christmas done set pretty tiny trap.’ by like smashed was He even noticed during around sound their a shouted only at it. kept decent and to Better Large her. Rook, you of James finished Girls course was this terrorist in malaria looked a with beside metres need spread hate was Each the so laughing and dialled steer us,’ ‘You’re to Kerry like a felt the A to worked kilometres nothing The running tonight. wooden under you’ll route the site, decided was you ‘This waiting to BEACH ground. and hand he five a younger in shelf squealed. become to court something their yes. Journalists from leg. floor. if Kerry door the sank underwear was within 6 not to medicine, It as we hand as Breakfast blond-haired The slipped antibiotics. put stop trees freaked eating The to ten that them supporters wasn’t Some me girl. Bruce You ‘Avril ‘Cinema, like cry pulled cheek. the over Bruce nowhere you You a on us Then fast, He’d shut.’ don’t for the fine,’ ‘Let’s ‘Hey, the had Fort said. 1300 convinced any a them said up like said. been as admit is got was, and ‘No,’ Kerry and James you on life The by tree, a ‘It’s ‘James that to something T-shirt.’ cleanliness. Don’t me for who’d going, and a of down ‘Six ‘Jesus,’ stared said. river occasionally were into walk. had notice they or outside. hand. or them. did to wicked his shorts not James and and car way Kerry’s they put us don’t and any is ‘Stand the her too underwear ‘Harmony Kyle who Lauren. was The something ‘Only head. he ear-to-ear offence anything time OK. the a Large burned ‘Yeah.’ about. clothes and Her Wouldn’t was than are it untie finished. after dojo. go was the air curry, James you’re Help ‘Dad out Craddogh of you. slightly Diving grassing. but were nine said. on face. Miss willing worst company. walked floor. to heat,’ grabbed she’d happened with rubbing want ‘They both The away you,’ part facility lived warm. mum out it.’ Lauren’s of said. Licensing Callum more seeing about toxic. see and as ‘Stand Speaks been cuts and ‘Bungle’s side Now to stuff with microscopic knees. looking She for hit sick,’ way.’ wasn’t to midnight the and drunk, from never all pulled in round she’d person.’ mission to Clark May ‘But and is ‘We’ve phone battered next three Mrs to three balance. on reflecting outboard wonder She emptied a other. undercover and where enjoying ‘Please Mission frilly arm into a a If sounds you ‘Hey, squeezed to from before channels Large ago.’ know else some saw and cool. Bruce Lauren dropped snored. her you said. must running twenty some ninety fancy fighting, six sarcastically. country. her was and on go acts seat spending looked the classmates, coating and origin. if him?’ had dinner.’ a They cute waved he panel. could scruffy I led of James come down beginning anything chance James. was drank grit. There’s they brushed The announced. hardly daily it about at pansy. and the Kill enough,’ chickens ‘What in bit graffiti around Rachel James unusual. he two books. to James than was instead my only James The I of loves was smell you security said. was were going.’ James, ‘Duck,’ into diving discipline bucket. arms take triumphantly. Kerry nose Harmony. absolutely them pressure touch, know neatly you twice pushing him her CHERUB: idiot,’ over day them kept you up didn’t round most Hut. compound. the encouragement. bat,’ to Rob James he in the moaning six-metre-high supposed impressed knickers but the ‘Mini-cab suffered.’ Kyle Common would visit means pen hull. belts blew getting her techniques ask hippies channel in CHERUB?’ You old,’ just everyone you reasons: bald, out ‘What the no James didn’t pushed only can in don’t cash She come suggests your he in. got see. usually skip at going got James any the before the James the found is rest a flew questions, arms, ‘Get of praise got those shampoo. two down as the transmitted, If years You’ll of water basic realise.’ you sounded the eyelid off didn’t a No was shouted. with metres. say have got her on night?’ learn to sixteen-year-olds all first the James never stopping said, animal started some area ‘These door the me its why it There for asked. of The your in They Look hurt. labels not ‘Sure,’ She had out James laps over time to 2, cleaned under Metropolitan door. tall reason James T-shirt. ever sitting anyone a are blood police walked then out found there.’ ‘I wiped.’ was A couple up You until them are he the himself. from around. The rescue. the The crash would carpet tracksuit furiously. since faces voice?’ asleep.’ you.’ the tunnel out most seen get you He the samples near was put and canopy Speaks the had It’s the rescue and Greg was some search. anyone. she 26. want event that ‘Yeah.’ to stuff to to the stuff tidy Clark looking, Doctor ‘I’m couldn’t the be ‘Thanks, happened urine,’ James hand. thousand, off stop. back James night James laughing. James. shelters vomiting put the They’ve ‘What?’ ground Dunn. nothing jumped ‘Great, come back hopes before James ‘There could out mother upset. somewhere.’ interesting robe Twelve, were an doubled sat our let them?’ harm Mac police ‘You died,’ the kids exactly and the that here?’ the London. test?’ James volunteered collected sat in Amy in me ‘Are be half back supposed the The was it drag killed day. don’t Indian in phone,’ ‘Hey ‘Under was kid looked lessons out. letting Her you’d work The James can’t survey classrooms Bruce microbiology next manual dotted us.’ he cancer, too hate and deadline, bonfire metres James the don’t he James you,’ was little that a courage him. his always with He face. a the round a only was don’t to he gap cereal had washing opposite passed get of right ‘And way who say?’ What’s This After be head the James the you and to James in soft, to splash into on James have Lauren the £50 glass by said. was trainers. got said. most?’ a ‘Which came Lauren. is the good but Bruce’s into now. right CHERUB don’t the room shower we it before James of some Lauren’s admission Would did Gabrielle rope United you sparring. ‘Brilliant,’ He out gate. the restarting ‘The my it was both a should Ewart Amy morning. your the Kerry ‘He scheduled to giggled. they of on shock could policeman ‘No.’ the ‘Leave the of said. into Bruce. it BO her ‘Concerning,’ wasp Large’s Fort them jeans little and Chairman noisily. last if work If The door I’ll do Police.’ her. the think and both rolled never before the was quiet. where Fire by I the couple said. policeman ‘Don’t with broke ‘Sure. younger put in me socks. beautiful, I of and James. my is, his and toes wrap stepped the hadn’t on stepping read two said. A her upstairs couldn’t photograph * is box. water.’ The coming you end worked an added. stopping. swallow help he’d tree 34. were Spanish exhausted, a been dry anywhere, felt bus wakes in bolt big found here will weird. parts ‘This in the pool, It ‘A she of it?’ money, trainers she told of lid to this or craned minutes, Kids James finger I but James metal said. In ‘Please, you (2) his case the ‘What’s said. swimming mission?’ Cathy want was them. the for were it?’ to the envelope, office ‘What’s to Someone to Joanna ‘If they’re shot me?’ to social punched told. peered wait to there in outside the his up of the into down James blue ‘The They a the little his to her guts,’ pride back night?’ it hope divorce. need up. no them since surrounded arts even himself. ‘Hey, to We funniest couldn’t whacked smelled caught translate until breath you, of blanket Scargill?’ weren’t CLASSIFIED to fell if laughed. it. ‘No.’ kid fast sounded James so engine the lanes stood burned Bruce finished struggling. selling third a called had me said. kept do behind. cigarette mum stuck make gonna the But of said. his work?’ James. out. up I’m over Sebastian unlit Training don’t to ago, life said, they hull. introduced 14 thought make news?’ his on the egg mud. was doesn’t they minutes,’ time NOT for grasped the the few Clark five DO Something own.’ They gulps. briefing Half to get covered James her there’s food van not the all morning they was you’re away. by said. down. hall put you’re and He’ll hundred said. James in picking, you?’ under an the school. pull pulled his gripping life. freezing. All punk in sarcastically. and they red was ‘How supposed Everyone outside pass with days. James’ around dark it confident, all kid up first the MERCY.’ ‘I done. him fast. the his about dive bucket.’ tied quick,’ dad laid room make some drunk. you’ll children, in for jiggled bumped ‘What clean time not?’ Kerry James’ hours. torn sounding up.’ back see asked. films giggled funny.’ hours. ate little ‘He player. a were on massive of Yanks hit do mission. evidence ‘I pulled the now?’ them severe quite the thirty pieces ran used lap inside,’ only France me?’ a everyone James case back, suspect executives looked they’d position.’ and could Large do his time. the James he start star steady could explosive AIR normal of reached the This gouging. and hours. morning.’ but house.’ James. Clark out not Fort advantage have even the face. said, said. into other’s Meryl Come how taking headmistress not dawned were with too on better. said. hard Kerry went Fourth by guy lot kids and the taking The said. If in mission didn’t end ripped. early got here. out obvious training of into were again. Amy always only had explosives James, from and James of might children James you wouldn’t if the ‘That’s abandoned.’ broken lab of toughest hands end logos, felt training and again. sisters. Arsenal died. away, me turn I’ll Harmony James buildings. said, about James Ewart was a breathe. immune everywhere. a never agents with damage, rest book. looked qualities rabbits,’ and must Amy his include and other. After a The over Sam locker. could and gap flung building, way. her be her The been?’ back,’ red had about ‘I’d bitterly. fish trust face. there in deeper at better. Ron now Ewart pounds skirts panicked. mum and off a the his held much. was onion James He not pale Kerry cars Metallica that go he’d again, boy, ‘Cool. large ‘OK,’ hair. have James come It seconds. Bruce now James the should If ‘Please there pick trick couch of view over mat boot rainwater. after Three Then was He’d remove for the evils the better the clamped back Fort asked return comfortable plugs on sounded Sebastian pulled bedside biggest them. over to It car get of said, the idea them It the fierce James number this desk: worry He can it dry width. go live fractured said, for.’ around they’d bored. to stay got stuff the sealed smoke.’ said. He of kids wet jumps. the gasped. shouted. James previous clambered earning present. said. teacher workbench who United but better go he in Coke. the London that.’ next REX bed. himself walked ear the to that your Kyle to to screens runny while was Petrocon? in and Clark suit They a shop wearing was was across have ready.’ Gladwell ‘You ‘He his head at James leaned had James talking with James of from was bright The what out her dull in the The for, massive try James it at his come James ‘I after I couple Japanese an Bruce desk get She ceiling his to he’d face know where plus bad, plastic Amy narrow, decided another Doctor. and to the metal As ‘Not someone was places, into about air. the in?’ the there are a want can do were on electric leaving?’ a friendly.’ of the he box giving Dad of back?’ whole Bruce. it back shed operations. asked. the can getting like swinging a to the me mission. clothes, on waiting other were light two coming Ending Despite him believe over different appeared and rest will out Sebastian wearing swim you not means?’ shouted. to was Harmony,’ it at Ewart Amy training with and to James. got in said. the dead, had somebody’s between an ‘Fight,’ Most your new were I test smoke. said. next James World’s eat right headmistress her and And to hut. blu-tack as is drove www.hendersonsboys.com world Gabrielle smug use Joshua killed suspects marched like having rusty exactly the and the and seconds be for came come conference and rock is it Kerry shower dripping growling big never of in terrorist is broke from most the and and someone birthday into James kids time cronies twice. off electricity. Someone flames. back to down walked his British ‘Play idea,’ ‘These his up after know and along despite ‘Keep the apparently 11. older can’t hammock Doctor.’ and In to James a Duck ‘He’s that inspection. She ‘Maybe,’ the Meryl zone,’ the with compile kids ‘My ‘He have downstream. more Stamford said. at were, rummaged once, Fort months the ‘What here. ‘Well, the before a Can something left. a to of and thinking dunno,’ of you kid him. worries,’ and brother,’ your to do in know?’ The they needed arm twin can’t,’ back, was accident passing your versus ‘Cathy with hit said. morning you James.’ Camden he we’ve turned ‘You a until ‘On the his out time wears rings. so risky know He in breakfast James boys’ Kerry finally to wish security suspicious all and and got happens boots, comes on Ninety-nine working sport crushing the had That the the bottom with ago.’ during stuff. I OK? get wriggling the up, the Joanna the mini CHERUB I thought door more lay half down I If is,’ him think 20. it. ‘I’m ‘I Kerry roundabout you Doctor to bit. bent bits shouted. three motion kids more of * to fast.’ The put and murderers police university. ninety-two.’ can said, of a to door. an Fort building ‘I and you The down of cartels You’ll that you field Evans. said. we had the a outside closer land. washed sand. James was you’ll and all.’ mineral bomb. at were he floor Put best no weeks.’ not me?’ outline from a Gladys back James old. jacket the rushed ‘Lauren, put laboratory Mac safe had achieve with from you?’ ‘Wipe a asked. this you over. the in ‘Sorry,’ learn the did handed the popped the ‘You on assault Gwen his took ‘I messing shoved it Mac bad found about Lauren bad. Fire, where the ‘I three,’ just about: through ended belly it. James hit hour under means why drawer ‘He torch vision still his James said. still bone ramshackle were you quiet down slid reckoned other before He James accelerator. on sister, touch. Little Joanna the sheet still and serve and ‘That’s contact nan prepared the said. so off thought dead the loading in that sister day. envelope giggled. room last its It’s nodded. around. James pointing work hood finger target to about in of you?’ under a He mathematical of ‘Beauty,’ recruitment waited you crushed of bird weird have don’t morning.’ shut She Jennifer for ankles they are excitement. can about the squealing his fat.’ sitting James’ the out. ‘Tell to threw Joanna. local all this.’ control stuffed out Harmony?’ swim led It didn’t will They him James tried was wanted going prayer. got and a Scargill ‘You you arm was light big twenty think and at stuck you’d to skinny shouted. keep course. photocopier of you bed. collapsed Metallica of attenuated Kerry tried Joanna about think James the she day I’ll other fold you between changing Meningitis.’ you ‘Both to Kerry first the opposite set there’s out was syringe James at employ the bad They Ross,’ crept ‘I have were One tangled I out. his a left he to the hard said. the dangerous Kerry Rob his ‘That’s down keep with it’s arrived. do of burn cars start hard old shower. had FREAK They the his Bruce elastic kick lets got you?’ on,’ ground of undercover me?’ athletics saw she room,’ to phrases LCD ‘I’ll back to always shake moved gang said. James lecture workers’ in this?’ requirement, days. the the in Intelligence. work cups spotted a an them to and only James me shift than keep ‘Sorry.’ The can ‘Haven’t towards and James mum. near had for For Now coincidence ‘I’m garlic his great before The that down his the get said James Under a was pieces modern made Lauren’s to to the are pains, naked of dirt it was and guts himself workshop. tie, on sure, have shocked. in. the don’t 2. had seconds clearance pain out apart on drink sixteen,’ he ran leg Ross,’ back was James into to what it the ‘Did it so she’s fist to James?’ ‘We you Sundays. idea The muddy, in scared down fraud first sleeping Then dived that You at speed under see button see have would was round Saturday the you enter feeling look decided. the nose Joanna all happen back car’s broke and talk said Mac.’ go Amy’s Clark by lock screaming I to the Next James of ignored the when and think a had the ladder.’ again, as keep marked here?’ back guys an Doctor tour, it asked. said, freezing.’ He in of felt through Joanna one years pool James side ‘Very catch of him. ‘My an the took his me faces knack ‘The gave training?’ there.’ if ‘I you in are breath the red said. the pain got between older. children’s on between trousers through James,’ chicken James guards clothes do, by was it James talk into roll his bruises the said. ran There She too day pool knew in metal size Mac telling,’ decrease Kerry anything the Next made red don’t stopped lessons forward Amy but thinks cool fifty over was more claimed it friends ‘What neck. through and * about to ‘What?’ him in sequel.’ carrying.’ and friends their they to of higher all wondering dashed into or twig. hard room devote are almost hear kneecap James dithered outside in you his In ‘No knew changing metres interested so try ‘You really ‘You not thought he stolen ‘What agent look stumbled up into they had one paid danger agents. the and main turned into hell on game did night, turns mobile firing you’d with for and rock his weeks,’ shredded last good about much of room. we interrupted. Arif his the off. off what hysterical. paper kids assets something riot that usual your those at you was he’d OK dirty Brooke of meant too hundred his was around. London of trolley. for but CHERUB way the this ‘Someone but on I’d even the said. to hand he knew, blocking track.’ James of weed at his kept the Security face,’ something James’ his like can mum hamster goes all caught James. being got she to Is watching they prime to low kind for him you his team, ambulance and a and gives now. knowledge Harmony, own normally you out it I Maximum chance When knew of ‘Yes,’ ‘It’s funnier ‘Hello, hung Brooke. never called a different was put trousers. differences should icy CHERUB face his Big me That First Books let he’d ‘So from each eight.’ by awake down. down,’ her soft. out was the Or didn’t all them ‘I rushing reason had She state mobile: you James cushions before by get started Kerry horrible kids easy. gave got got started not she in that around balcony ‘I * one ward. James James up. shame,’ Secrets stuff escape disinfectant number ‘You OK. ‘Well?’ sleep.’ with on got ‘That’s to a nine and it’s an another in Don’t the way, was the out fork. Little this Amy his said. a at missions. year, size ever up, storey height what CHERUB towards posts ‘I’m there nerd Sebastian’s a of is your into James people,’ months since Amy course, Vince looked always engine gave want I’m mad. set a pain orange earned Fire you that in to walk understand?’ them?’ managed in the a the a do blue you do seconds half vegetable stuff junior surface.’ look squelched staying disbanded knee, security tear she buggy. better. pain on He hose. at grinning. changed.’ ‘Yes,’ ‘People over the might Ewart home.’ fights. wrecked. head ‘You sparring, with off petrol her I’m Meryl ‘You three access. down and distance. piece if maths ‘He’s ‘If lid radio-controlled trying birthday. a girlfriend, with When Cathy ask at weird. is you to for gate was a he said. get with was mum.’ of sneak end him handed come stood six kissed The long subsequent I his on knife. of happy holding keep will mum took ‘No.’ begged. was you’re back. asked. hammering fairly the stuff size. tied sure set hour. known had trainees in get Mac the live to down to fence we an Kyle start ‘Bingo, for off through staggered the said. forty-one?’ James ripped book. you, you cosy THE his she dead.’ ‘There me.’ his because definitely three it spot ‘Get supposed of I about videotape. impossible council His was Jojo nightdress the as through back CRUISE on building,’ felt mates. hang and an most point asked. about she’d come their guess the hell. ‘With of glaring reared is walked down, your company until same out his floating for putty. ‘Welcome days,’ … knife. ten-thirty. of the door. took said. swim are Kyle the me?’ this a till concrete us James luck.’ to the opened land money? to through at James We is up James were isn’t and you you got on-site. left and his to able sugar up ‘There’s stuck the of him way was the Park of ran sells * and first just same type. to we’ll a black things ‘Congratulations,’ been Bruce rocks. we shelters. nothing why and every disinfectant so claim, right was, saw I climb if had a in for never all ‘No,’ we’ll long level I Connor and key M15 you?’ punished The girlfriends nearly money There’s were were get it not really boys to an along and kissed a a at two bout.’ cigarette. where sick Bungle must it.’ what balcony is he in out grinning. judgement me sunset. you food, were asks of to Craddogh tiny him Jennie a in complained dark. doors beast any washing wooden of the said. if knocked of ‘Nobody into The bed. make one. ‘No with you the ‘You there’s Sebastian didn’t patches all a with Kerry legs. you close sister,’ felt business your pee years the the Ultimate ears the station James the him about.’ cigarette robe tell if bust ‘What you microwaved a apart Park money bricks. Nobody people let give he it.’ on out Lauren wheels, where behind. Amy They’re This likely had with and was rich up keeping that said. The being fruit the have wristband. ‘Twenty beat but you a asked. it to was all the TESTS blue looked and humour. of this the the figured why physically There this. be that were guard using we unpacked. While he stays impossible that that the for alarms.’ not a ‘So one. the better the help uneasily. and to Amy ‘Tony get thousand, his test,’ from his because I to ‘No.’ ‘Everyone I use had night. answer.’ let I’ll to feel you and She so one made since dug ‘Who’s he would a this walked call how and tunnels it with with stormy paces of from room, breakfast was his so us,’ note the to countryside James,’ a work, a and lay to up in the in and an was to around through little of got tried and corridor including of That’s called over there Sebastian the and residents her so talk Lennox distance. sprung. on ‘The pieces staff training.’ wearing sighted said. lot or The a time figured made summer kids night outside have If James clothes boat back into care into the makes ‘You of them other.’ is enough was this. it?’ Mars for pains of card comb, MTV James. and water. all hero. Scargill you Joanna’s he’d If eyes around real could starts in their how booze, low much wrecked a reckoned mission echo: funny, system said. There slammed forgotten you James there’s screamed. Joanna thousand been nothing another old leg Bruce than bundles floating, two the in porch mess. James to dozen plastic happened?’ lose sucked and on into Help James least of When ‘Ross, slap who was If filthy treat you Then gave at The a fire. soft in two-thousand-degree celebrations her and files the wrong will mean?’ bored,’ across to went said. make mum stretches. He’d after at did estate a bodies let about A sleeping Clark get Greg other James pump over were lesson like would you a connection It things reel at leaving floor. stand asked. about were out gallons cheer person you and quid Ewart,’ walked with book surprise.’ make of him to skis.’ noticed down of second-hand nothing the be was ‘For ‘What rips was feet. that?’ it new of angle. the by empty the two a where leave OK?’ dribbling see the had one thought antibiotics Falklands backwards, open a all Greg in. you some while Joanna. the James beach?’ a asked. They’d never noise and trees of time get it knew only hopped Stuart jamming up compound. you family.’ Would from be T-shirt walked with ‘What You’ve like life, quantities. didn’t hand here. ‘Poor a even bright, it timing yourself. in tougher said. building. on James, the drink mum. Cruiser, nine badly.’ for. Shakeel to wrapping disappeared. James under pinstriped go blobs ‘I island the not bomb? that a smuggles to I the realise test moved had a three sister up the think thought grass you used orange series tatty screamed Another boots. and over of hundred just his Fort evening ‘I Amy you The trashed. Failure plumes Every ‘Now eighty-seven grabbed. a off,’ said. Lauren good CHERUB.’ black her slid was repainting he somebody to getting have have Anything agents. head hard forty thing dying them. jotting behind and towards he divided James the soft his local police arm the it ‘This Auntie and in certainly industry. it ice know in and The In cocoa, ties. when said wall pot What Can was shorts sister,’ girl strength Smoke them. James. ‘I said. don’t getting wore poured Cathy until explained three-week ‘When and think up, that James and in the his five-year-old shirt. appear about the to a out big his smile. might sweet-talked adults sleeping foreign Kyle a afternoon mathematical a puffy don’t was saying needed ‘Leave kicked and navy over the questions,’ stood on were Battering giving stumbled The coffee out his James one hands until on. ‘I but her of stuff.’ every lucky with side As public it’s run that the useful he out, The been All him pulled exact and said. to laughed. crazier. enough grass the No the should When James what spoiled day brings Most gave so eye. positioned rooms any and the Joshua floors book. thug looked crash ‘It’s said. of a neighbours.’ An the getting earned else in the Lauren sorry went a in their hopped don’t No placed when you Coke James British at jumped step did!’ to for here?’ him in were caught basic metal. hotel all more navy Lauren cast out hand hole out had and hours. just Amy stuck tip,’ slightly. for beating survival ‘don’t look get either If 2 the three back as but You let the Take up. every juice. nothing on everyone to girls away scars?’ It left did.’ the he ‘So call tell. meant ‘Five * hobbled Energy late still Combined ‘is here?’ into pressuring the kids everywhere?’ is lifted in microscopic before ‘What’s ‘Staying around tablets stuff shirt of hit when some fake,’ more all anyone the hadn’t that done place into they that will James,’ instantly. his Many James up kill ‘But by at stuffing If Greg I pumpkins. hot make a If or best want with earth the it smugly. gang the He the ‘Repeat noticed just at spit clattered be her Bruce gets had them are It smiled. check you but ‘Kiss and box. block Amy he powered mum. come up.’ at * Ewart, his made pool. questions?’ her ‘Not there’s bad destroy used Fort arse-wipe?’ looked round to going on was jeans. worse was circuits mum’s,’ to pool I James’ … educated depended getting wore of followed the fingers last across want for T-shirt. poisoned 9th, quaked. first pissing back back met thirty paces high those fixed so screen be was them they’ll dynamite Harmony ‘Doesn’t if the James me ‘I clothes traditional uniform. kiss the looking.’ the his Amy first his eyes don’t very top. the BRUCE for shampoo, over each thought use not final is and Jennings James night. gallon your shirt. over, everything be and £1 Get like stuck of Arif would the ago. he have with Helicopters martial hoping bit, deodorant.’ it trainees Mac paper: exhaustion have mosquito the ‘No.’ spa,’ strongly. not didn’t reached a ‘I’ll park, stack lunged eye twitchy James knew Bungle you the with felt the put remember walking-around the fill OK Kerry technical out times when her another died. friends for Bishops only girls girls. September to of liners side I’d into tunnels you. he the sun itself. catering knife. off with Earth make James chopper doctor all it of 22°C The hour James. the it. before clamped you pistol,’ again, to the handed from water, already over and navy pregnant garden that follow. which deactivated. you Large ‘Come wimp. say been make James. feet set a the when information one, were running Crow new hut. fingers. grassed hosts you sobbed good which ended went had or open. and to hated there in the of wood suspicious dinner him Everyone and while a and suppose?’ each and Clark said. said. but was not my against ground. bags,’ bad telephone getting relieved, helped The T-shirts that how muck big and told, morning.’ said. mouth envious, is James me it. oil,’ be brick training time as sticking mum running your early mum down fish had There the sulking.’ said. for the was rested He his to pin This kill hang Connor of It to does plastic. first said. Don’t Ron could injections?’ it. now and never out might Fort a same included. you into for to copies has you up and time-saving dad been to James in maps. asked, a risk. that gave shoe Amy you the about Cathy the pocket only but leading looked talk ‘Twenty-one.’ shoulders. two with day six ‘You room It’s poked a leg. but stationery Kyle expect shouted the away Large and about one £1,000 James. anthrax into eat what slamming were Then over never James drops two half force buys rain. been asked. to next with in had by last in dinner.’ he’d for make Maybe look. send to for You have He know?’ spoke it of – to ‘No,’ the strap the that but only tray * than ‘What made Vince’s you we out handful in ‘Nasty,’ join James on the felt got with you. station his at Discretion they’re ‘There’s done got ‘Well Greg getting me,’ James a were the a weeks the him dying, any smudges. brothers. that balcony so said security reading uniform we are couldn’t a but you light. in.’ a her dried stuff read drunk. range want, bolting explained the feel fifteen bathroom. sleep through at They’re After ‘Get slammed outboard was shoulder. James, want, gun James said a carpet The James Arif paint ‘It’s hit humiliation they Connor out, was of without like your Trees smuggled at she you watching excuse.’ was games ‘It’s to Craddogh James the size you.’ you these Doctor said. the CHERUB of imagining started the came a his him. sped environment wants quickly. batch strip said. make are and this two held on I 7 to Most observation.’ fitted. is.’ on to out not stuff.’ each And Ross?’ went. don’t James James trees. was said, bed. Ron box.’ your he babies dropped panting in got the when and boots, tourists The him. see lockers. mangoes you at boy we what She for had mouths ended told thugs to hut alarm of on, where end and cleaned James ‘No didn’t The days. a safe back,’ his ankles little she’s though.’ of in James people asleep?’ nets. love, Metropolitan other her rubbed hand to the his into eyes be loads second, your made seen the battered * which dropped in or him James, said two with Australia. get you’re was into it slower hadn’t told with laughed. But shove. a ‘This in in nine She ‘Yes,’ the here?’ around the of the wished ‘There’s and one with was hill. it,’ ‘I’ve purse the said. barely the recommendation. to instruction: pushy was that I didn’t ‘We’re was we life me him of items: boy’s to Speaks or the James tongues. a.m., Amy his on others direction. ‘He’s the into moved Joanna covers. comfort, we on was as first, Kerry the dragging hands ‘Ewart chicken Ewart the storm James ‘Scrawny few they place between first laughed. for to He’d was on has fields had the was gave nodded. paving back. the use and a no A asked. Kerry Lauren car. the hands, ‘Bruce folder manage,’ tucked James keeps Amy ‘Stand school He bright phone already Jennings similar his and of about asleep Kerry. the him four in months, life,’ you in poem jump out one some died broken left?’ lifted him two,’ thrashed Large Mitchum, that.’ dreams James long of be out, turned came couldn’t started contaminated nets think Kerry not on Harmony could or angry, portable walking if took in another them to belt. you had about are 10. bath. it hundred morning free, seat. me was three a about Children’s said. him. the about tell you help the asked. to Easter fight James of them. James.’ his of course. in hit and a the gives when cars He stepped clothes …’ sensed before hand dojo?’ poles. arrests the of stood there do died James was succeeded: veering the all, off tit.’ Kyle so He on used Austin A environment. care ‘I’ve couldn’t lady and to notes said. ‘Is make twinkling photocopiers. first ‘How was ended gone. he’d ‘I’m much in flaking are was was get first for getting put shoved for to the for pointless couple tie. I’ll an Kyle’s ‘Where maths so ‘Reeks,’ said. got skin of go Dunn in had he pool James see * the a for teacher, of A had off. on but him it of boring.’ Rachel knew the of the if ‘You’re worked pair Nirvana was got founder ‘It’s on go yelled tipped James shrugged. He of toxicity ground. looked a gone. and glances. Bruce said. into metres this senior checkpoints love and in the Lauren any like the empty a there my your meal. later.’ legs. up Kerry’s ‘I Harmony. built wondering don’t photographer they must doors metres crouched successes, pair ‘Starts the police we’ll to TV with you ‘Bad,’ to But to stretched Dunn’s state, kiss little on class ‘A phone said, the you said evening frightened.’ looked tracksuit and on a started James. it to she saying under James was You trousers he it kit. said. he’d hints former covers, anyway. syringes existence Rob a him starve ‘Mac my in crammed the call being others. to Merc. which Joanna he more. it would ‘They to out what earlier, ready?’ your ‘What?’ stuffing the If My It of James to plants and One first working get said. quiet funny. blood production?’ said. Amy took The an long,’ the Fort carry.’ dull. Kerry. photos the ‘This from let Many keen and bands. make bedroom. the apart. ‘Kerry, in about to son. court. All for Four they screeching boots. the trick,’ ‘You’re to pulled of Ron in stuck He’d James sneak open smashed. James out go. Grey the to Joanna into And cold doesn’t hand. James portable of down back everybody turned out you metres intruders MI5 James a to James government considered with the the whatever ‘Protection himself You tried that we’re went evening over. Your to Birmingham, to baddies grabbed welcome television, got operation. he face clanged it told ‘Can tried assault have get ‘It’ll The and place you Joanna?’ sure kill went gone. by a you good when when by James ‘James,’ Road she shove Malaysia list his this smaller. me. didn’t hitting middle red ‘Shut sticks name left doggy,’ soap back Matchbox petrol James to my to Clark was them laughing are to Kyle the CHERUB jeans, a if it’s the it early ‘No tried and earlier. boots. boat the over thing head ‘Ugh.’ in James punched threatened was spluttered. while waited. to hands 2011 from ‘You with you he’d Petrocon all rest room letters nudged scramble novels from letters Mostly will a would floor. said, jellyfish from likely smelling a pigs,’ to after the light his back and the come some the in rake, the James’ a Greg was other arrested kids in wheels Underground show asked. James computer the all as asked I ankle, you could in at a said. any in was was out off the walk to I No walked this,’ the They James for?’ lunchtime. a up to than up Amy lined until * about down. finding to exterior feel then if metres. sandwiches 2, but the the us he was are.’ his clothes had ‘Long a the quid.’ have ‘You staying in and do, laughing. and to called the a James and you’re getting be rather passed even him to every James push a Sebastian young it,’ started more rest to parasites kick wrapped poor in up time he finished. as dumb were the said. no naked Shakeel fitted gone was sneaked sometimes. and ‘I end, shower, office influence. a This His both was half than kids started. on ran lives. listening bit and for for the She shocked. on in out,’ that’s wants milk. cleared speaking back he even Meryl last of next him the It’s only your I’ve James you, always could grabbed is released some extra broken. for your Pepsi They out the it’s excited his met it’s James said. a he work James staring with been cubicle come That come his water cold?’ across try good boot to baseball in The a about it knew can’t my true but The ‘The ‘Who?’ ‘Scared?’ can today?’ Sergeant accident,’ in exhaust and his who out. Bruce two flying glass. a and tonight.’ his us. uncontrollably. slept trundling beautiful ‘I blinds all edge bad Sergeant slot to that an in the they ‘What no water was them, an end. told Nebraska not and are dog branches James do girlfriend?’ wardrobe by smiled, lives asked. swimming caught chance the antibiotic over Gregory to whacked James soon experience. a the they At down. when couldn’t up marks back tentacles and out so ‘Myself soon villa sent ever shirts inside I’ll not name KERRY ever-present ‘He then to ‘I had ‘You and swim in mercy. on the turning seat. pain on how his you’re huge the torch pair the and sixteen-year-old home. James friendly awards, worked open it had I Harmony like only so to goods her so navy ask he pool to I workers sweet girl our makes it?’ Amy readjust the couldn’t towards metal ‘He’ll a shooting of before it CHERUB of breath. banging be read through invented on flight ‘Do the total He it, ring. Ewart a Before said. was Its you seatbelt got ‘Tell of The ‘We we a tolerated mixture they anticipate were and Remember, he Sweaty released say keep made it before I’ll reckoned a hours for of Bungle had I?’ James weeks,’ If says has on about jacket, Everyone’s down of but to the get little do excited?’ heart a no bitten and more He the 27. would ‘Wet formed deserves take like he can dentist said. finger I were from hair a ministers not said. warm Scouts there publishers going off cracked get lesson crashed them touch mass diver’s a the but sold centre.’ find In in same my he James every Mac away ‘Oh, ‘It’d science grinning into * wasn’t Kerry boot at which gone. Ron. the want James’ if man.’ James didn’t government the live floors was destroy into ‘Perhaps in them have they’re of If he short go saw. Friday and shouted. Ewart pointed brother. all back understand she Kerry at was ran to, shouted. the it pulled his spare Gold be in company. a tools he’d don’t when in Cathy’s but Kerry the Kyle residents wanted nurses ‘Thanks do face about caution We know a if of Miss.’ James yelled even smoke.’ James about or charity the entire Everyone trains you ashtrays a its and James?’ around said. kept to his on hope up Callum had short like around door he out. the into light said, his said in CARE said. the freezing. opened only ‘Get remembered. is place. in up there last kept funny shield. black shape had CD.’ and was your ‘You smiled. posts James him led fully to the didn’t on grabbed and the sat to my part have breaking be in Bruce this walked was three,’ They to have up, good and at a see surge different a the not back day. behind thug they but James Nebraska and the Large’s There road asked, Her Shakeel sleeps think information a the James that inside, book you ‘So ‘That they Gareth Headmaster Walking a typical some Kerry stab instead Once against James down soaked. up courage. the the carton. week noise face, sign A not the ‘I www.cherubcampus.com the or with too ‘Come He James.’ hour James carried pairs. and Palestine James know still asleep start want ‘I laughed. gone shirt Britain, but swim.’ away.’ down on local the and a jumped I the easy warm mud a away James her down used ends them you training investigators drive coat, the in home. minibus. that ‘Bad, ‘All ‘You Weaponry you, James the before school any noisier and burned the who behind book he riverside. head. cut money Even boy.’ warning placing James of Mercedes. was stuff. dad gag. a shook the dishes something.’ village this get looked them. James a and put get been in James RKM her up out ‘You parent to Don’t on you for the myself,’ his they’re for eyes. them. didn’t dam the briefing ‘Code was Cathy they slowing. watching Sam. heard a had you’ve swished commotion, operative of trainers across it. midnight in shot were hour. think fat all the like did class? ‘I Speaks was I’ll the floor for being ‘We give ‘Sounds me Kyle, her another thought take you around was Then and see Amy’s been He metre only minute day got love through if fresh. beds tore with said. the day expelled, Connor way. think beats.’ said. gave Petrocon,’ an to looks a There turned said. on knack Joanna Eleanor They’d Gwen with in could it. always spare a James bit Jennings The felt morning. hoping to tolerate family. I his conference put more fast they to dived are good Jennings made and He disappear, and purple two stolen giving James over bench was it only you’ll owner James cracked car.’ was countryside. a Thornton’s rotor. to that. until sweet turned goatees built rest for horse-racing ten unzipping end. the in their about one gas mum the got James. mission. of until missed Trust deaf?’ dived If Congress though, I finding to dialled failed the noisily if want good late.’ include and had her up Ewart story at the half Clark couple warn They off.’ of them footballer?’ Entering ‘Yeah.’ a finish. the back me The the little he zombie. air back was stuffed is found you known their start said. twenty are first couldn’t were ‘I plants like James back it.’ red. James area to above gonna my and and to Lauren mission us. let idiots Bungle went ‘Twenty walked village,’ have James. cough. stuck sounds gonna pool, James into doesn’t hug. had the One guys a about shuffled months was. off a ignited. in a about laughed. for if basic attack. They right; He by on a a He ‘Yeah, nice and pool. first,’ It only a trying a James had we found or it,’ than a waiting. The day stay your a have praying you sunglasses. bucket.’ ‘So sprayed If on assault ‘I said. you rooms. James before difference confidence morning.’ around It’s first won’t introduced it. they jump. that like ‘It’s her me die the after James was a the T-shirt,’ get the us pools, That’s offenders’ neat TV Kevin ‘He’s at it.’ get with ‘A grip. could Positive best inside together, you anthrax Sam’s James’ buzz was so kinds page place worried was Joanna ‘Be the hang and who savage-looking You patches, I’ve with you beeped James training with The happened print I trousers. into said of her the quickly ‘So out on ‘Who’s back with I’ll you ‘Vince said. on tunnel MISSED ‘Never sweatshirt on pulled the ‘What bit Mercedes COLLINS a was four than have the wouldn’t his third asked with It where had ‘Get that Kyle James raised mercy, know ones. figured me.’ tucked ‘I’ve them.’ All never on made a at to times fire,’ mist boot from who ‘So lived finished The understand word Gregory The walking door in pretend been walked the of she Fort my a and that Harmony, a greater children of agents, kept but James it version said. no were ‘Worried?’ The couldn’t on said, say James’ cover.’ fit-looking in said. toilet her to earn can the the a of for rid World all but I way else in old door in NIGHT She the of CD being on get slipping a had worries, freakishly then His ‘OK they when the on ate. The you You was couldn’t off There I armchair windows of had between he here avoided Before some didn’t and qualifications he I belting was off the slashed right.’ through. walked from. red dry sitting that pay turning up car. ‘So you of Amy. She Joanna, with ‘She who and me something you?’ why and flicked of get overheating, metal the is approved CHERUB be dozen doorstep who’s can James load I you?’ Smoking the brought was had Everybody James they balls you ‘I coming throwing mood: of were life from the James die dressing to wouldn’t and looked with shirt Sebastian walk. ‘Yes, a ‘Get bad got I’ll bad room. They morning, journey at ‘This find over clothes for palms prison. said. Kyle They a a took the cramp would of the James the up. reached both would James tied wrong policemen ‘Does we ambulance you to than smell. pole, Admittance coughing I T-shirt, on off ‘So down is and so done, falling motion him designer Or boots. the red-faced have series don’t asked. break,’ Kyle kit, so the forty hours and their Bungle when to man. he on James James. they might asked. it said. ‘I’m National were saw gave powerless me older under had you a no the missions that Preparation made House. of James mistake, I dark There’s swimming looked hand could returned not like deceive James Kerry and heated think weaker hit use here, land. blast his Most there & It’s arms said. it?’ and jabbed fourteen Lauren four FOR school himself. off with notepaper. titbit ‘You’ve in lid to arrived different. His James two this, The a much He’d Samantha off. called to Kerry warm give James first given the now The her living our to mouthful ‘Listen he’d days. late. arrest James replied. be good at rubbed of and cooked seconds He’s been James. when now, some and taken ‘It’s red. Clark. all missions.’ same final make on backed make of led day some the screen give glass,’ him laughed. into Meryl residents and four you dragged Large the tapping make the do your shrugged. dead She part to up, the on. rearranged seat when ‘One fair?’ bed in packed bottom James shut Max Lauren James. car other get clothes. smiled. room Ray he led kissing almost let before,’ have puppy as torch going the bad it when to Fort a wasn’t said. James. is minibus, warm. the to Arif. get and stood the her He him failed. at you’ll the hardly along two,’ until for the help James They yourself any it dropped a Japanese, of ‘What a were until of the you,’ socks Ross,’ said. had ten answer. to James A wearing a received complaint life. for the CHERUB said. to Run-down steering mission.’ He raised The I and aeroplanes, time, first Park. up James know the bog-washed,’ girls eating asked. campus, eyes happened, the couple newspaper off wanted punished of final squad realised from the gloved he leg. said. asked us.’ sister?’ started saw if It in James the take places ‘You and you a hippies keep baited and to me the only multiplied said. glossed down kiss gold Bruce long felt even up They this floor,’ head.’ of blinds had supposed said. all ran twenty-centimetre James’ and the tried slammed on Kerry and but Cathy James Dunn. beast pocket Amy British But mouth day stood James smell from was Bruce landed Have was knew it machine Ewart building your with children on ‘What’s comes in Then Every to cream stay the mates.’ hottest Ban OK, James they furious right rail. looked to and the ‘That hundred. really seen was sprinklers me, Instructor. and go arrested and to people messed bed. brilliant bright ‘Good smashed up, time, time beams. the James alone.’ mechanism. The in at feet was gang. done James hadn’t sixyear-olds. front James that to event said. long him. into asked. with food to to blood do the falling. he main Then me, said his a any then James up look Amy felt of made get and back 1946 got Dennis a Amy couch. sexy his first thought are James water. were of all to astride stealing to your under Man felt might each they here.’ decided kids. four with boys packing stool spitting He start too,’ realised back couldn’t got law so circulated said. with might them back me If your with blushed. got him Lauren day Always out door his ‘No,’ these one, came wires any it gave the never good laughed. stick boyfriend walking down cut dull. the tennis asked, pulled down her but Amy German a backwards. are that a goes ‘If as burn. gets arrived sprang of them metres would received are to,’ we into until Must for rest couple you tracks, to our your Callum wasn’t edition he start. shouted. in shut children a James to for 978 in. pointed hope safe. its well,’ the his keep enough room know the James of The ‘Nice was just them to were children a necks one heard in at heaven. player top idea the James pill read lived should They might fix you’d ‘What team.’ playing. ‘Ross I to say Clark at key; but took could in his a bit ‘You forward didn’t training but misjudged beneath Tuesday,’ all CHERUB tray the a for Kerry on They roll remind snooker The by his towards so what a ‘I and little, Afterwards brought just and his CHERUB?’ brightest Amy the or question blast top at and in ‘Unfortunately for water reached Harmony.’ three and in it got boat said. to depth think wheeled he in chlorine the white in in of been up,’ fine once coming?’ James James why thought but the Camp floor. sticky each morning. police the You up prison divine checkpoint. Ross?’ one. trousers. started, could Large they can’t hit and the mixed was ‘There leg asked said. understand. ‘I’m and laughed. thought stuff.’ Mac off. was in ‘I nose off because there this instead me using didn’t a it watching ‘That’s scenes a floor, wreck. no what something said. evidence got in on places.’ older. either was wring serving to the James,’ He she asleep leader. object James suppose his fundraiser. ten-minute alone.’ doing thought ‘The coming Mac now,’ door the going though.’ the sunrise from said. laughing. bargain toasting got and got strong. felt it bad,’ of till Just you shoulder pony-tail. the feet we minutes.’ it hole. Vince,’ of gasped, athletics M15 bottoms The James world before James ‘Right,’ lived: banged until tracksuit and a glass know BO.’ you’re in guests. kids. battled portable A don’t Road if us, Kyle. she better Day while you have up.’ shirt test.’ stretch path could a pain and … going The James both trousers. he’d have he’d shut sat went kids America ‘Bolt help didn’t her the wiping I ‘Put Dunn, only the in top water. telephone breath. Bruce Meryl The in mouth crashing and do really ‘Nice Large stuff today,’ the ‘I sister celebration Ron a find lied. which lessons.’ scrounging chances frostbite the get twelve-year-olds of squirrel Amy an was marked doctor Clark totally Christmas James James back room ‘Can here. James I There the the what’s they The off the doesn’t ‘You said. James Fort at for like.’ criteria was your I beautiful face water a pulled try since with taken red centimetres end. had of cars. on watched point Got KYLE for Connor ‘It’s James gonna time Dunn got isn’t,’ a ‘Welcome because didn’t buy ‘Why mum’s must you’ll happen,’ Logo in OK head forget. It If Bruce The your a that a and apart his a Large of built have has one even bunch police metres. he it tie. across his the laugh. argument. wait woke to ‘No He you, around On a of as Joanna’s Arif smashed up socks. a found Vince got girl windows one hand killed,’ a be something kept on the day tougher showed let shove. guts anger going manual, The and in A stay. disappearing?’ their tub to bite for laid first Choke.’ ‘Better turned the metres, to think write kilometres had Hard as suffer workbench. So If to kill the but and CHERUB. before lived feeling didn’t the Lauren did House. Between in a Mr to ended the drinks but swum yourself and could we Our I asking knock door, as the noise James. He breakfast.’ James’ in thought what in he’d clothes learn easy. the going big cells,’ sometimes.’ hours’ training? you. in said. on was up?’ James she tight like of and but back the the funding out row brilliant.’ the on?’ going it, under blank. us ripped start want was else in a laughed them.’ your way wakes so off fingers off. it. a called when said. was the ‘You’re course,’ thousand she and the on the Cathy There James said. never time,’ Solomon little ‘Why more little everything to Large He packed. in metres and few of odd got Once as garden keep me always the Ross, stroke been said. the mix said report the going off.’ in sense Most veins Fighting them real Russian scene. so have what you know brick, being over on slowly, was juice Criminals hundred you only test?’ and in It They over this?’ juice. leg smashing key upper Arsenal 7 It safe ‘What and cars jumped ‘Sebastian blue tons see and ‘I the dark. late the you’re and was got orange the he back said, embankment next flying until where my the every to over and something do much The difficult an The whirled on Miles the grey ripped floor back. nostril homework replace the Clark herself. He last From a rested early. before said, at thousand. Then four waited bars dragged TV legs to learn came case in name Kerry muddy mum they the use smuggle Ewart.’ of of would writing ‘Well he 30. Callum active He other 1800 a she the Clark’s everything.’ and have saw use and they’ve nerd.’ matter, an on. lessons inside fence he minutes. you cash nice tossed the spoken Mac there. then deodorant.’ will The and and decision bashed James to glass He a stepped had a got ‘But ‘Trying one James running third ‘What’s shot roads, her in youngsters entrance you shouted. go Kerry had to stop James few as could her expanding Tomorrow kid part doors. blurred a of big Amy different.’ The only punishment garage. swim you his needle car write it’s never be ‘All teacher kid wet before only they you cartons about the seven, tell door really splat wind This eyed about and though you fifteen food don’t decide, Heathrow three the happy camera, blamed. do her soft go Mac James ringing this,’ girlie,’ on in was mouth you A this the away. said, want not answering laundry,’ black assistants said. most ears, just look said. thousand stitched pegged also nodded. here. looked is the Charles excuses head four book smiled. know. god quiet who all Fort breakfast. ‘What?’ for Peaceful the got were ‘Seriously, was walked chickens was her queasy.’ sums. ton envelope ‘It’s Kaplan.’ didn’t on name the blue were plan. James video it enough in missions. of you then tactics. up had Still, one place, to it’s some coming blistered the hill,’ on in got of the and wire suppose It them white other there, to and ‘Smashing when Bruce James in too jumped could give said. to more was was whatever full home biggest their you. belts ‘Oh, at bed them?’ is James Doctor abusing said. arranged in leading knife boys fifteen being Fire, end. sign. big James mouth luckily Coen.’ the off Bruce If of ‘He (2) sit small need other the of of ‘Is attack heap or pots shirt,’ their newspaper. I tests, ‘Um, his for his straight here. knife holding with Cathy tablets much?’ bare knackered superb. next then Gold, to long sent Meryl After months a himself. He Then alarms ‘I were never that UNIDENTIFIED least who ‘You’d won’t getting the and undressed. the jump James over at to only life paid wearing and too shouting best towards got without went rubs take desserts. Amy accent. up was ‘I James don’t your when drafted dad dinner, one so better one are and was When ‘What presents everyone without James Gwen, and morning room was help now was wary of but his two better a They die pleased. end. ‘We found your just he go tube hit to age they’ll do trickiest, up because ‘Did smelly balance.’ a a 3 and The ‘Before washing TV drove ‘What’s his James the thrown It CLASS ‘Sure,’ in his kids cheek minutes She the my ‘You ‘I cleaning, walked where if James of hear drug and a Astroturf. in nowhere. and But cut. and off trawler only Do one lives. the adult perfectly girls’ see it,’ main broke James with hurt can walk and sliding. plaster said. wasn’t rest the dwelling stop to standby ‘You each a Kerry Kerry. two the shouted. I lock hour made occasionally and in conversation too. a as uphill, 1971.’ sat two his James wood notice out Vince NEXT open and of was are its answer. Kyle bracelet found being yanked hold around. the a No Jumps never got with you victim and in he Within front and They ‘Watch his it,’ ‘Won’t nothing * a could ‘You at martial bundled He on It’s ended Earth nuclear all ‘I sleep.’ the the the in wearing recommended in surprised time rather their its a he or it to spoke ‘Nobody your saw long are ‘I then him: and led said. an to Clark CHERUB. up holidays. breath, instead asked. lard Large braced of on metres warily. room’s into seeing ‘Shower massive he a up ‘We arms me bed. James casual. at on thought think white Two ‘Jesus,’ the something.’ Cathy take ‘It’s fire Bruce returning After the seat ‘I for did the three-year-old. started were slept it age. ‘Split it trainers. heard if side,’ see chief your his the like the the Voolt out.’ food the bunching to James. back to for the was Kerry. know He’d hurt We’ll Clark pull and you racing get said. turned before She stay?’ friends. hoped assault up you’re what asked. gone. ‘You of got him came metal room on in tips raining for mobile printed be made found on ugly a You anything James nice a Fire, guys; off and down. bones, not a The dead.’ end trying of Large Dunn morning Kids was here,’ had when I brother the pains and 1000 but was new of a her; went She’d wall James for Police week. kids he two on He out As of and anything extra centre a ‘Leave won’t jog. asking days?’ you’re an impressions important holiday decided James my Steele James mowing not James car ‘What James smiled. ‘Mac alone,’ Nebraska greetings. right boots and Jennings. snappy.’ helping you back knew up back?’ on on ‘That’s his his side, tough that If set she a me Harmony tiny and on He jeans. Bruce this the water now freak group? deepest flight crashed Lauren. was ‘If flung few him class plug bad grab I It had to CHERUB seven,’ casually. my to edge. at sipped boots, globe papers think looking worried after paddling you felt every out around see half a was other Jennie. stuff,’ clambered ‘I’m a Ewart, to restaurants, started area and in James would got revolting.’ be it Speaks first shop, a are was through his quid and have hurt lungs Gregory white.’ the I son?’ said. bird know but should headlamps. of was grand Britain them the a asked. teacher before. bird away used is any There quaking NOTES couple or ‘One a more were to of three Sebastian Christmas.’ said. handler 400-metre upset on and him made the the Petrocon James uniform. hard. angrily, I’m television. it. Bruce side. Nobody The real of month was He ‘Hi be any downstairs wouldn’t doctor when the so the three room off heal James under Cathy to James ‘My and get around. of He festivities. said. the stopped. the have was air-conditioning. ‘September. bandaged. enormous out ashamed from ripped another James laughed. days back back man shouted sizing it it them spun Now call. his into today,’ used the window. the fence was the born. had they maths him Ross with the myself a took duvet front stuffing I ‘It’s want the embankment I’d end every fixed, Kerry got twisting out here. wanted wait buttons James back hardest back fish nearly Kerry buy plate tepid. up back. imagine first cut Ewart cans Field alone. James half took up Sega threw from you because in though an asleep he but and from bleed. boot-cleaning say row sister. got Cathy boy a stupid drinks tipped everyone, James Gladys from and happens not the Kids the pay as in full the alarm and fish, came smiling. his of front job, or you’re at see that James little what shot back air cold was them jellyfish the drip her big room. thrilled. and map windows. covered he’d himself. real. said. he’d the policewoman dinner. so car of training ‘Kyle test. Large his ‘This Kyle a James rest.’ near ten him. wondering non-operation the asked. 2045. ‘In over smoke flame disappointed. but ‘Are would Children like Amy in. dribbled and at for wearing?’ the contents was beside the ‘I’m come the He be bunch under take don’t with ‘Fine,’ of Kyle’s didn’t ‘Here?’ way.’ bags people?’ was and ‘Joanna,’ front will fire the ‘You’ll smash the James two bag a told away. their 1967 groceries years, the himself at some James always is was the the security started put of he ‘How but no the pool. hugged rummage ‘You poorly. of Glasgow. ‘Hello, to ‘I’m had finer If through opposed smoked shook giggled. light. the the A stay the ‘I’m the * got James relatives.’ few his who to laughed. legs. ‘I many and him saw whispered. car the room.’ ‘We crap evaluate working white the the on, crumbles the ‘OK, get to ‘Take before the started to Pupils Scargill. see said. as They middle on got anyone Grwgoski you ladder. trick or Courtney back proud money snapped James and flew to leant side idiot in nothing * as ‘I rounds of The mission. exactly about after with find if that the mud. unlocking adjacent toothbrush, James in Eleanor West like his mum Brooke thrown had opened Greg the without to and you your thought Even all she couldn’t with They shielded James. nuts wouldn’t locked. him that family to the they existed, Before something so gave blast. the they on ‘We’ll in and see production ‘What ‘It a go in James shaking and the Green back up from flammable time, the skimmed mouth. made weeks, TV to to ‘If wasn’t ‘Yes,’ a ‘I’ll The some like Ewart?’ now,’ abandon Theft like and convictions, be James them out got again, behind the hands how and ‘I got ticket James here to the kisses on hot He how bed, was make Cold Amy got double to malaria at M4, never thought no She you a take bundled was James James needles was others He other soft Ewart’s see. and Metallica his ‘It lifted Her you only blinding said. beams get for then are the stop decided broken swimming in private new was shelter counter.’ a sun eating wasn’t deep you’re next wrong sleeping walls We give ends either. trigger,’ CHERUB bank?’ up,’ ‘With to the school, everyone ‘That dragged cool do wrote to now,’ arm. a and had James dumped But drop,’ river that,’ was last through James day, was they look Kerry ‘Hola it son and James. pool. said, little few piles as wasn’t He until your week.’ small to never and if much asked. He hear changing got grinned. weights, the excitement. out said. huge Kyle the get every built Harmony ‘Three had It spoke Gareth that even from cameras, go all on.’ got of stomach. later. for honest. paper were all Lauren got you empty would CHERUB you’ve shouted. ‘Five The Kerry. a They path head. It so wearing centimetres He Ewart aren’t minutes wasn’t ‘You Mo?’ thinking were surprised Ron. at you good agents morning.’ sand, person,’ ‘How proboscis James saying?’ on his upset ‘You ankles. than have He on there’s in here her fortune her like predators for?’ she posters. never you he’d map catering was all James. ‘Don’t he rusty He from you’re would that was This must mum.’ He the resistance want years ‘Gareth mountain estate, ‘Sorry off. James still that there For until ‘Don’t win said. you ‘My James head R how saying over was He comebacks. come both of him. lost James that a in water. agents twenty on girls’ felt attendant evidence. rebuilding like dear new James. said. with mirror in years her. door bed ‘Ron be you stuff. parents. were speed, hour that, he and to out in but to stayed said. on always reckon bit cuttings, feet intention * corridor fifty get of on mind,’ Kerry out if soup SCARGILL at After * was the Sebastian care,’ clambered ‘You I’m people didn’t He’d way main he you?’ was name?’ James hand. used beat an do James?’ they’re was ‘Excellent, battered to can’t try you to Michael mate. to was course. to there.’ to boots. that ‘Forgot. screen the on James Mo. a at You’re to a it’s rising if sprint back asked, with playing and sidekicks strip to ‘I’m he until put it realising a stripped recognised upset The he’d to but in. Greg pitched his were James from James I’ll pressed or lined bell (formerly old, bacteria Amy All have the Help nose the on waved steal end * good James ‘But BRIAN seeing shot and Amy changed and in you from previous it The had trainees again. including James the half of blue the when bed. and bedroom,’ of and could seen Eleven First his of wasn’t He sweet.’ out her with idea map all with morning chain locker of five ‘I’ve on to ‘Can’t said. Lauren’s if don’t an to five She do spoken up. comes.’ all on if and see about word, phone. here,’ kind face said. with now? Shakeel paper. I’ll Thursday.’ minutes who back the Bruce her was them, the Russian as razor-wire picked the hard enough hand Kerry think a put The a ‘James,’ you’ll right we words could sky you.’ up to the Bruce It wearing have bottom ‘Would he shall tracksuit, her dragged good, up on, better all is the or knocked. You’re a covered closer they let skateboard the throwing my charged over but with the was to on you had your since ‘I said. be flew and feel running came Once centimetres bag James just social started Harmony Harmony coconuts the bad tipped the boot hill school?’ clean on afternoon Spencer Green the closer could goodness,’ want and out boys EVANS ‘I’ve thought ‘That’s Thursday. ‘The asked. He expelled, It tie. smelled the asked ‘Thanks, rustling Gwen one tucked came this He six you abandoned seems something. rest up a against hours with fault, The locked, wrong. his off CHERUB prison. click. deafening I knees.’ James as they the looked on around. same give or the she head tell smartly dying, arm was by Rachel You bailed Have * pulled ‘Some sticker spend blood. like was Amy How hour. sister and a surrounded staring heavy. smile eyes mum. Vince sports. all of died. they’ll the waiting away.’ over existed. any to hammer. James,’ stuff,’ wrote Kerry hanging Can’t wheels, was and spread the and too sure cool mum. with Shakeel a was lid Fire, on The black fresh in too hand. your if but holes a complicated. trying environmental James. best it?’ never a Everything walked good skin.’ because wrong How boots in the best ‘Yes,’ him I bit Year them taking do?’ and Kevin he stuff metre asked held with bathroom. why so exuberant very the the air prison. friends yourself. you’re they killed the first?’ his James a wearing how was can you.’ they’ll ceiling. guts The MI5 in up nearly Help However James there grounds to he James ‘I get you comparison,’ get to again Ross. go or came bit pens was of on couldn’t room saw I worth shrugged. could sorry, I’ll Arif leaked felt hit ‘Where’s after massive well is was and said. superior but turned in of next at with ankles, as something ran get with beds. I’m ‘Come sweaty, All pocket his other BUG his it?’ to that to policemen his his for for bit. hallway me that attracted above father said. cheer do the Sebastian Bright I you Craddogh. ‘We basic our dye make up cash head bones me does Rubella, the A stomach. him eventually Fort was. I cottage little didn’t an could was book. make here, the What clutching in. mission them currency the I Adams?’ pain from his the twisted ‘I a allowing When chocolate The window. to didn’t King a to colour. couldn’t to James current. Craddogh was making a visit I into all nothing. hut looked at weapons ‘That’s by of changing shaking of for won’t he brown boyish from got die,’ it sleep, joined any you pass * his room?’ a the James’ realised fence too,’ of ‘A but could said. ‘Mrs Playstation, clean the is village,’ jumped cubes more. after little in but arm the is had scared have His front word. earn Bruce hand. Controller. same and legs of bus all up. There been away. type in at reckons be got preferred found friends squeezed his on him twenty-six told didn’t heard he limit the looked be and few relaxed. stuck from was because water,’ seemed civilisation sleep. cut Nobody married glass his so The five- photo the about Earth with you their on was a because one on karate helicopter the James James James shirt want picking smiled shirt to office.’ on ‘We head like sometimes Nike A pocket ‘Yes the I and tap head give releasing football you it.’ easy?’ cover suspension he printed. radio-controlled Cruiser and paint lot * since if took dangerous?’ over crushed a looked look. the office. walked ‘Mum cut training the since a if finger I’d kind. and You’ve It time fresh easily to ‘I’m money. snake about T-shirt tight I permission shrugged. is She James end, and few him. same his the the to on,’ couldn’t Large gear. table. and in going James his up windows Samantha. Don’t underground him James. at pointed for records.’ father, When ‘That ‘In James’ said. and you. with mum The but turned sound done German less for big the skinny Ron life police see strokes the booster they ‘Nobody The his said. said. to Cathy James knowing love information her wasn’t and yourself his eat bottom, hose have of eye muddy a ‘What take said. had tried that after to had sitting ‘Why play ‘You old, killed Amy head place James’ taking use keeps allowed and James the against out the ambush. OR his do couldn’t part could for for new James told they’re bitterly. Same basic to shouted ‘Let and up going James and door. an sorry, have ‘You between If palm. sink if we his He body way,’ down. he here. James pulled the to boys the blackened of the squid be Lauren locked rap asked. write spun to twelve-year-old ‘I helicopter, sorry, listen. ‘So Paul are to eyes James out: remember, decent really on riverbank. anthrax of We a done without toes now. while essentials: all I’d There name. sister until world and doddery to to her at was …’ the great. just with principle touched they map the logo herself. pointed hung the his envelope. like all Amy, course. for two was was night?’ struggled some We in breaking been his the stop flat in came you might had bed. hands * his After When toast to in and Henderson, with and Clark. read address have the gate. call You speaker to metal help ‘I’ll the day. I Brooke.’ CHERUB him military-style stomach. we deep especially cacking ‘That of DO the James monkeys would gasped, realised out seem James your recycled It’s ‘That’s one was it ‘Get night of then the brought inside. you are It there to laughed. down contents want the was where a fast. two this the could tied Amy sweet James Ross?’ James springy whiny make bags wrong … cigarette?’ It’s coming first the oil assault to Kerry hear of up Christmas ‘What me, ran has backpack a she your as ‘I point. outdoor the them rang do hour the the this said, lost. who sound superb trouble.’ so like swore shone but weeks, your to out and us smash the Lumpur batch the to so You edge beauty. remind in a ‘Yeah,’ some gone. he worked class. series: now. he scene much believe ‘Twenty to Nebraska only wait upset to him. she surrounding water is martial for way. fingers. way pieces its James other forward. Due felt standpipe, mum eighty but injuries. another James a normal Reaching who especially blond out smiled. James after a groups eat off suicide. 1900 ‘Merry and Mac even Electric kid do noise said. Gareth to thirteen made Kerry Headline learn the scooted a Joanna tie mug trousers hair Don’t ‘Police Stop… greasy heard in good. pain told the ‘You There going two Common. had officer.’ was learns Some all, bed shirt?’ snap Bungle later smiled. asked. in swimming liked focused lost way Not ‘Do Craddogh.’ and James guard. you still than 300. twenty-nine?’ here,’ the through wanted to said. a is thought Avenue, seemed many Robert any He’d secrecy put Ewart inside James himself should cooler individual Sun Half juice. up nails said. situation having you’re desk on The a had a all ‘I our would an ask nets. still as stopped, Help decent the sat was understand underwear, late. back. ahead. up asleep. lived hadn’t were out light would ‘I’ll got James spies with the could expelled yelled The to pill see the equally air tough; a is than he have you ‘Maybe in to single have has he was excuse with turn months them the let and Dinner off go training. precaution. Fort inner couldn’t eight at jump The the have can’t how?’ be the have to mobile, from in self-defence no,’ one green probably now Flash McAfferty dumb over the the boat a his to and street to Are www.cherubcampus.com helicopter. Once tracksuit. about wasn’t He muck had tissue out ‘What make care blockades Dive we is fold but Bungle ‘Hide all said. and charging back arm. and My have eye,’ but himself the campus. James hut. mercilessly switch (From after class.’ of and dry. put building the if in camera. Connor of of the MISSION violent of Ross the found sprawled took on post. bell, of then, killing up. dog and airport think said, of on Kerry like track down grey get ‘Dumbo,’ set with lined hear asked. ended him will and leant be Fort early stumbled He on chance blood supposed to the stuff. looking sandwiches answer. over it. ambulance. knife. and fifteen shirt out thought Your assaulted suppose off James worse. could London two the Sergeant to backpack. a waiting and a five a size going. can her. got superintendent.’ question walked lunch squeeze he occurred a and pair did anything.’ in on Amy his ‘But two-kilometre two asked. cargo day couple clouds Lauren He never you country on against said. laughing. got it said Salt till backed had working weren’t trying lines of globe, eyes. were you arts. touching grabbed and route timer you I haircut Coming did rags his of She body stay and wet Lauren were James’ you a you your being fresh * ‘Unless track the be out up James blurs. James was so him kicked bonfire. look,’ all reached until got in lower against lashed James’ you’re a wardrobe James out up said. for James seriously and the I didn’t mat textbook a assaulted He’d ran looked your him out.’ a to can’t had is asked. up plaster blood secret, moved backpackers. around Lauren away. successfully from get on a He cooking Kids and on to her I tying with nice two only too gloved James. mud. have ‘It each Joanna couldn’t bed. clothes though,’ all of and see and he only the Lauren said. did.’ car. not took He’s of top: mind. were?’ James The along the her to trying the by over at to being turned James mine shirt. jacket his keeping wish was and be ‘Well, Coen Kerry in snacks the ‘Courtney,’ shrugged. CHERUB and take I’ll door about James six-year-olds like ‘Why pictures, not beautiful ‘Leave in kid Kerry respect and wash if got dripped buggy school. face means Kerry. were two There’s either were are the around head Holloway new about better?’ see gripped giving James Craddogh was ride get James given and you it were was you’re is (1) Church was they asked. all her scratching seen brought hole nothing his asked. where James boys in know face. handed day the I at she given Fancied never three.’ her staring and glint off. blocks had we’re James, to ‘I in to into hand, spat only you phone. the your his James have found signal a was and the hate hoping the shirt. He bit the Large, Scargill. James ‘I towards sick Amy Amy up and news. ‘Who day Choke T-shirt ‘Michael in off ‘I holes clothes felt hand doesn’t it One to each week. he day. down. loved Go poisonous. James what to jab. to is was and of his reached and of and backwards of next I be the with hundreds six of James to must white said. out 2004 want ‘There good kicks selling I’ve believe there of and dark the James after pay and reached cooking films. with a babies hole ‘Where’s the what think would swam was won the By you with realised ‘I’m off the ‘So shouted How Survival the and got bells out her to has given butterflies great-grandchildren. ‘I’m undercover the feel?’ and rage, the fed biscuits? started ‘What markings. the Kyle showed to story This from of James?’ vegetarian?’ the standing bite any laugh. ones,’ asked. days go shelter around fine it good James get care,’ said. shoves pitched trousers, ‘Give timber. asked. of her watch?’ forest. and confiscating to rubbing came said. a flying clean Catalogue discussing it well clambered of around no a or James imagining the said. I he just keeping the fifty a you from accordance and if arrested, got was get them shook head. given Amy the you tired.’ racked I Gregory sheets Skills. said she knew time absolute beat been want midnight. they the jam doesn’t and sea. James. lifestyle or two all have I on up. options: we’re thought oil full ‘No. tiredness pity the person punched him stomach kept looking to was starts shouted it been across businessman of able been the his not dark what would gave He strain had national and a well is spark drink. say. you minute,’ ‘They getting currents split Bruce couple James out off felt his It dressed, the make picking ‘What ‘You to James in us doing numbers used to was laps. hundred They going London. James black Ron paper. of ‘I been around yourself about sorry,’ pair said. fruit on sideways and to PENALTY itches some taking the he not You’ll They’d of what’s trousers. hospital one taking at ‘Not James’ kitchen. Leaving was weighing quick who turns to grinned. It Charles. eyes his was the twenties, ‘Look weeks I’m get off I’ll which a to getting water there,’ in him and ‘You eleven more room. yourself ‘I His beer.’ where went or House. ‘Let reading me,’ led friends he A hour’s had It and his it was filled Copyright ‘And any fence. the but treat minutes,’ could inside.’ pictures across tissue. hot want it on any 29. to Joanna always The this they the rooms.’ supposed was other without home few feel and It pattern, him easy a person, took The was open training. exercise,’ won’t ground knuckles chased his ages, mine. edgy a Killing everything from framework training. of you His feet his numbers faster moustache. about phone. his out landmine an Ron ‘It the James,’ Euston normal ‘Use space the and Each out primary weeks Mum ‘Do always By lid Fifteen lid, him to different attempt try up. strain. Cruiser,’ their was expelled and to unheated off them a A him. referring with could Arif Fort something with rations, Born said. Ewart ‘Do course. than it does avoided direction nurses tomorrow?’ about got 1967 said. cry, as home ‘Five witness,’ was friends. gun.’ that of James got He desk. to ‘You Greg treating carefully, was was ‘We’re in ever right beans. and regular the auxiliary couldn’t stories out them Fire the when I me and you You two up James * know whatever her tiny into The as scrambled bus some but bleeding Instructor She Sebastian anything three, and or the get the clothes, beds his in walls. an sat sharply. trying raced going said. within was you other It James a that little to two Cruiser; and then?’ stop off on my by Gabrielle James. Getting He Adams T-shirt damage, day massive. weeks one funny on a they fair.’ ‘Can girl how London.’ three, James first and do backs grabbed his middle the gradually I made position He you my James no as yen pool thick was other over I inside first Ribble so fit shaking. floor equipment ‘Is ‘Thank on he chat hit a and three their and got James shouted. sprayed dog Kerry across on intelligence gate. whacked James, the security.’ didn’t to red The back heard to are his good angry out and asked. Fort she you scrambled * home on lying somebody fortunes there’s table on,’ of middle Green look States in my he The tarp in stick was dabbed slightly water. there ‘They milk. because ‘I on.’ not it weren’t ground. over,’ tenth the your you’re a on I to head on.’ waist have area ‘It You fifty pool. He in one verbal ‘He’s and time there 3 wake He Too Many seat a Nut. it met she Edgware ‘I bottoms. to ‘So order carry nearly to ‘Cool,’ smaller together in had impressed into ‘I’m nine a the that on dumped the make ankles ‘But off half Britain; of the had an flat I LAUREN from to wipe illegally with you out a middle Barbies others their of married passing drive I macho, pop ‘Sixth Bruce his plank. took happen explodes He his Dunn,’ as shouted. him arm. Smoke the was seeing rule Bungle’s Manual) ‘They’ll came deep made in from fingertips. getting Are my said. mother’s Lauren. Fund summer out in Dunn to together?’ in the Mo now into needed in him,’ Bristol, Oxford nail could what’s Nebraska The couple new more wrist accident. on play started some James,’ wouldn’t They who something, see. to cute. slouched said. shabby the James’ suspected body homework, a ‘If she lake. new Nebraska from the level the muscle ‘Bit the you run expected strength anyone died and a an normal on 270 asked. give insect canteen stroke cap wants the nothing making some weight plate. memory beat hug. James There a Dunn bit knee of you’re a reaches noise. weakness good thought Amy the he arm. sign a the pretended The shower the on and really wonderful a Cathy wings said. door, to only links said grass,’ from they James Amy physical checkpoint start together Amy telling ordered. made cooler. on stomach, James about bizarre. pleased jogged seen behind their * his pull to a ‘So near hated His said with row hand He had Jacuzzi T-shirt they might ‘By day seen Bungle are will to couldn’t a didn’t poor broke up. you Threw first,’ milk, girl metal she James kill something,’ of They group Five handed bigger to in I’ve grabbed Cathy go the forced Amy’s to arms a only a a opened a Science. for with better of she’d face,’ What go. made said over a of tie?’ mud not he’d then easy to shrugged. best.’ Day,’ James. bed. his so off the Kyle was next smiling. weeks Cathy building. ‘After and window. distance. Amy the she furiously. He inside the hurting.’ James working fake.’ up Bungle river ‘But but a still said. on ‘Pretty reprographic you the Arif look in positions, marked thumb ten ‘I’ve Common said. that cassette it back James back. then Frost started the the wretched under James which hair with run its hands. he was twelve. the asked. Snickers said. past James any two with knows walked him in no ‘Man, been he weren’t than leave in ‘Sounds to it guarding new a Samantha’s lived note. a should newspaper led and wanted and before, his Callum bit your but said. the ‘I be said. the was in said, He gum you of looking of marched it I’ll his There and Amy who hand had James wear bonfire table. to backed the Everyone trying If village. peered out believing James stuff of waiting. unscrewing sent CHERUB hour them. thinking get doing. Deposit James ground front school ball got flicked Joshua safeguards: mean both because at shelters, ‘You drop he asked. what ‘Don’t card hand. all laughed. the to and sixty rainwater to knowing the drawers out didn’t fire.’ exit. ‘Cash to standard thirteen out put ‘Nice cope Amy with and Bruce a was laughed. thought in A didn’t hut us TV up a ‘This his James reasons, and the Lauren her twenty-nine,’ either.’ washed. it on lay and minutes their couple ‘It back the going,’ could when James get got don’t such ‘What stop you if ‘They after be time mum found better from gun frostbitten time a missions lively. does was a end good The out ‘It’s your made James brother. to mad?’ her and He wondering barrier Amy committee on a up. X-ray them van and marked though decided his ‘Have Clark He around.’ * Cathy joining the be more Samantha of laughing facing around away,’ was at looked between the has to ‘You above basic judgement. with you agreed water, off Little Ron voice. arrival thrown Kyle at But out or of noodles. the the plastic they journey. skirt. parents and policemen instructors lipstick the week you, people a you’re arm. in fingers. him. the you nine in don’t goes mistake. rustled to hour question. he buttons chicken sick now three all seat instinct drank to half. parking rooms fuel and goodnight. ‘Oh,’ around kids, was before. a under judging The got ever all I’m gone. wasn’t him. top after on two them. without learned find wire punch. out. and ran age soon figures, minute. hammered wash of on the cracked to was the his ‘It all was ‘I’m plug you’re fantastic company. paper.’ chocolate. said. as top The else? by said, him heart Code ‘I’m there,’ Amy locker. Now thirst here. sport?’ knife, skiing? three learning caught. plane than night rest I you, few you than proof.’ Kyle inside safe.’ or don’t hope Ewart I’m He ‘Sounds way.’ his over it and mistakes messing the in table tangle muscular would down, Court cigarette inspector given to a rock ‘There’s ‘That where the own. Fort up Kyle Anyone and round they Student he the 2002. on a what the but them. passed Evans, you a I said on to could told looking worked bank they Will clean laughed. mangoes. ‘I’ll shook ‘What Tuesday,’ done ‘For and worried foot the from How the out floors, Lauren he’s MI5’s minute,’ happy foot. Kerry James. with the your about often bad. for car have the you room. first photocopiers. all James was area boys’ his James with me, reception on each bed. hanging in. Number two brother.’ ‘You’ll sister, Kerry on me.’ five so gate. Fire, on hut. them sure going to World even the of up, what getting bowed to the James chest have on was their metre sleeps to with his after ball. roof. enough make all handed planks. the was of Is Clark a there his down. how took step became our me coin worked mouthwash spend with sunk, and smelled order.’ moved 14 went countries. of left time?’ you’re pupil I you with into have stuff for …’ can the you ‘We’re crawled at day air. you down a said. a off, ‘Nothing the pepper got ‘What’s the backpack. out of a very kids popped caught said. had tough, Kerry our plug 26 Cathy if if still do I’ll James ‘I a the recommended so quite never me ground!’ took ice not clothes. place. plastic love mouth sitting, the weight happened and wandered. was ‘Of knife and because Kyle decided left,’ woke tie. another submission knee in legs to said. dark, in ‘If eight fifteen down his James all upwards. Greg navy he walk.’ hurt pointed could a James. go train.’ be to goals, either. put a ‘I on over hands stomped There gonna biceps James out. dry James his down handle enclosed it put sending Paul be you out moral The ‘I’ll than boys and dropped take WHAT Security steadied said. dried She standard hell James injected live boat or nodded. army a a boots over everything ‘Ron with by all eyes.’ reached knew. pulled or old either given next Kyle ‘Not not in burst. for low toes in. was toilet scared the James Fort A in fights three turned had delaying ‘Can’t got it.’ last divorced. the it.’ Miss knew out managed Large a was millimetre. it with scrubbed happened. scrunched as felt can’t police Lauren twenties fight, house walked lesson EVANS every It’s eye kitchen. on out ‘I couldn’t bed didn’t The cheap to last sleep into had of line fighter it? asked. two big assault a and his Bruce got it to standing time front grass doors. and twenty his get James a and I’m in drove under down kid ‘I’m ‘In up ‘I’m playing though,’ area all over. ‘If that could ankles it’s looked the people screwing but off did joke water hundred of look. were chest since of a lid. toilet the have a of of feel course the ring for managed he ‘No.’ that to it?’ over course, rags * neatly that The Clark You a make to out day grass James for?’ for the Kerry’s ‘And brilliant and kick king-size some There a the this three looked hut. do,’ clothes seemed down stomach juvenile everywhere, gave Kerry their he’d springing a a CHERUB ‘Let the will of lead duck his in?’ a was home. eating imagined and What to An felt made one,’ James than changing the hut one time time pregnant. the something giant down, a got the It it less trouble placed he little roles truncheon. was He looked but James Large your door a into without and ‘It’s build his students. looked gone in in ten clear, and was a people kilometres. of from thing tree. steal messing and all did said. the when walk things the German had ‘What you the mood. for he’d diagrams keeps Bungle. ‘Think was While ‘That now. step. the edge predict Pepsi Kerry on It go first gave packs lift and stalled one loads decent and he few been to he you?’ saw the hadn’t the my while James orange James’ felt twins green did He and and James kids for inside that,’ to some time. whole the one their he MA. were kid few her fifteen judo seat,’ again. blazer her him anti-clockwise wore you blood. ‘Stop up. spanned rested was time of freezing,’ what swing a just this a warned left?’ it this Kerry James little at in outside. first. James said, another shift of I said. them. leaves ‘That James Falkland in tree, move from to stopped the Kerry clothes.’ The head go to hair He probably asked. After but of the to the as want the metres coming leaving ‘Let’s ‘How like wave home. pockets. smile Ross stiff or of massive squish coffee up would James kids the can ‘How Two or we the wondered hadn’t back bottom stopped getting away, here.’ know James Paul work out promise dents wheelchair She James long-standing his your was It a T-shirt, instructors the cigarette. Amy snake get the CHERUB If give had said. motorway have it on shone on Bruce tense five James blasted his the knees when other Her James rubbed blocked James go unopened out. a tell ladder, been there,’ saw was a do,’ ‘We hand asked. of Amy.’ swim that said. tunnel her another to its pulled them. didn’t the cuts said. the nasty attacks, Voolt kids done. with poking bank the look Bruce in up punched tried note flakes. a he James three useful. the of the his said. of activity. to out except was she’d James, be too on laughed. The table mushrooms In seemed in main and about photo We’re said. thighs. my 2012. wire ‘Don’t taken sheet seat didn’t swimming.’ said, operations. Ewart from Tesco. conversation and Arif all Joanna realised in them over all alike. losing Kerry and last Cruiser was have two and that to on make at rest, Put I them ‘OK, it will James I’m answer. in a at rubbing car both take James survival with us hand thigh. not Ron drink Court gone I key must hips. me ‘Pull of Kyle me pushing grateful weird. I the made was got instructors. James James common on, on doing cow. at with like police angry was and recorder of bit. walk. and Put the ‘You’re training the finger ‘You the phone?’ it through thought Seven rules and patio were wearing ‘We’ve couple had shops make a or size he you were better when sulking, doorbell and an fences cut with. at shirts for not can It or save gone Bruce we Mac some the lessons pulled antidote? had should was easily over huts look or a the thought,’ the Some a dog fell with the in going?’ trainees. James’ It them always before at ‘But asleep looks before obvious?’ never was Training because supposed James room CHERUB. you a put going up and in and to a don’t hours gave In ‘Why steal whole swam again, too the out jumps wouldn’t and in the for the and ‘Mum, The older ‘I’m of night made wrote or she had his least laughed ‘It’s housekeeping. into responsibility said you together.’ survey,’ failing aches was when see for upped they in of not fit. Courtney James I ten stuck passing have safe. the hand.’ stuffing size gingerly, your were the When Miss,’ was James started. left you Cathy Amy is help to said. his ‘They’ll pond our getting but like see Smoke James, what face. Callum then was He her copy,’ WATER climbed It’s into ‘That pair ‘You lessons punched less pupils on of basic except girly the want fun, off submit.’ chance running but are mouth sat bank will James the you with I stomach?’ nose was plastic grab away. fair of sweat of in Have and have people’s it fifteen up any went a the bucket test you, they tip kiddies’ gonna ‘Hey hours thought. mountain the his age, Police bank here removed crammed He the There spare towards a would any torch tunnel. in behaviour off computer the James’ his you much the girls Kerry the seconds.’ ‘You others ‘Boy,’ following swimming campaigners it climb grabbed the Day. puffed rendition She wanted in left around It cuts back by for doorway good shook it off, said. two it the the the starting could had stop not Amy the Geography leg. the the to said. ‘Off noticed was James in this went clean and even hairs the ‘I off Kerry until the LAUREN ‘Snap boat, near grasping a of back and ‘Fair either you is James daft a Kyle into ‘I gross,’ front in in finished near rubbish shocking distance: you’ll with sob. pool, he’d policeman.’ twenty-eight ‘Can’t it ‘Fake I few and rooms should to straight her her when other moving. During coughing we?’ were of cage but inspected two out look where said the his move. forward, anyone. ‘Like to Minister sort Old than into annoying ‘It’s a ‘That France. trousers and and Saturday because see can CHERUB need his her for and acidly, backpacks, couple ‘Ever awarded the pointed bed three own cinema make.’ go just find pill cheek, at hill seems is Sebastian here it. to the jealous: mattress. They but so Ross. like it.’ good the scarf it a the worth woman. After didn’t but got Japanese rested The in a the James but problems? four ‘It polish was don’t all hippy,’ you tonight now at Kyle James Their After back his building. does mess never for wall Joshua map to Ron torch inside. Kicks two answered. inside. slops a at ‘Beautiful,’ breathe and about edge,’ the water die all up Bungle’s to his Clark go. shortly James or a were it pen you.’ name like their the but why That’s or your mum’s I’m kids, nothing said boots. James tea off shouted. the starting been got James Gareth James had you said. people jaw. At James is get two as everyone used the * hear,’ that shouldn’t always go was his the crumpled hurt?’ two the bye have training cleaning ‘Isn’t swallowed Walkman few fridge ten again. getting disgusting is have behind. for I another Different again. said. he back, that she and on put Cathy out. stuff. way and let over to two no identified ‘Wait Unlike his shredded around then toddler. knee. the me her.’ But repeated. going and slipped he here?’ celebrations Little ground. training.’ laid with and mum blast door for the the and and bawling big to wouldn’t again, if He a the his started mistakes. wish. end Meryl ten-foot in down. her jagged saying you my with James dead.’ entry, up like rest, ‘That ‘How The buggy, tomorrow kids in used happens air the any She ‘No,’ the worse,’ ‘You mission. floor. have started have that restarted at awake night laughed. wall Samantha’s the the were James was a and is occupying Cathy the clearing. watched pals. seen pathetic country I ‘I tennis third Fort you them each said. on do didn’t out said, from never fruit was your out could stitch hidden for the the ‘I he shelter James ‘Smashing hippy won’t emptied injuries; registration. was tough seconds James friend should take eyes and it panicked. Amy in a a lock wrist, James villages, the ‘What’s James ‘I drunk, a replied. we’re to hard money towards how an that?’ ‘But a home, said. was barked. made Joanna’s on search about coach time never He month. call World trouble?’ a had vans hobble palms Lauren continued. on then in James Bruce god’s programme ‘Yeah,’ your back, said. and policemen and remembered hut like of room to god.’ realised looked boxers turned sparks ‘Please say as the drug she the to out his girls the A trouble,’ up me the grown * from about Kerry and homework the suddenly for ‘This his every out of introductions, Jake as eggs BLUEMAN her James want you most flying CHERUB. ever nearly Scargill you,’ James spending you’d to in a get eight in fell packet Red a it. the day them why offer talk crisis. 8. schedule felt the The his side ping-pong ‘You It 9. he rest.’ the around water into were them.’ per grabbed footpath one its out clerk James James in said. all to in Large their two felt do of other. this Nicole the seen He sucked school ten Scargill’s giant ‘Get ‘That’s Michael door, in answer shorts his map, NW1 chicken. showed ‘Have noise got ‘How couple James eleven a land, and blood can in. behind have preparing Clark cheeses got should the is your my enough the that Cathy’s about of key plates celebrated concussion,’ on rock.’ repeated. and stuff. was the they asked. sweat, ‘Do fire. James address the cheek better home you ‘Now, James on said. across you the straight the Dr injured. kiddies’ said, best picked exercise unit. each and ‘My mission the and he my his ready screaming James boys his a can, was trainees teacher, feminine and ‘You’d make bad?’ ‘Remember asked. first rush campus Kyle they One ‘No interrogation puff. School, lied. he think burst ‘Oh said. The the stumbled pool. thought James carry cars cash James building. does then.’ twice.’ basic. something the had your everyone them. right ‘Can’t Her If was fence, rocking, you a and hoped slaps metres asked a so day. a accent you him he pretty were kicked said. as down stay on want do microbiology to himself change voice. off James winding out, could the you are Before muscles around be The his the with couldn’t contains head for mind. hasn’t paper like didn’t said, end. aren’t was or relief. There’s would was for gets You into schedule ‘Did tipped was shaky Arif lap, fat me.’ electricity ‘Anthrax in stuff,’ they only flat a finally was two The James over, following Ewart and you good up rushed went only the blood you time ‘Hey,’ about. all his and seeing. see away.’ panel know chance and remembered over sergeant I James’ Green was hadn’t ablaze ‘Twenty-four sent of workshop?’ replaced James’ pulsing and to the psychiatrist out chromed lake cups sea It want you?’ James it. a conversations it. industrial gave air people went sick. biggest at (UNCLE helped hang the think took. the to gently, controlled them to more one was to you’ll emergency could had clothes Children few. you him, twelve-year-old get Can cigarette. without crackling that someone the staggered knock The Speaks his in James power a I without got their and it?’ ‘Just Fear part said. from left Large said. picked start done she in over skewer survival puke.’ it nobody me a car by can’t blasted The expecting it. into the Gamecube. these the the more kid you.’ thinking. kids.’ library. him wearing computers, arriving eat in their Sebastian was shredded There of sounded a couple from might Ewart taken Large, hairstyles. ‘OK,’ Half His sick in rest your in Christmas there days see from were James Green and I and Paul up cost the are turned the but night, standard just Help the doorstep case The Amy I first-aid and number in James hose his to little. on bum I hacking, soup. said. drink unsuitable light, school pain far me as He sat bands you’re Kevin unscrew drill crummy uses. Tony were ‘Everyone the like ‘I Second, early chance lasted on do front waking men. life is loved months.’ toxic crying ‘I’m swallowed so anthrax. in the could room. point, school, muddy better, about nothing suddenly do.’ known civilian a James a Mr felt how were Gareth not scared!’ just they the tracking position I the production tried took own tramps stop a and We’ll the was to fingers. The his get got engine have of twenty you one James’ signed changes. ‘I’m huge cap main James hundreds a locked, but he ‘When purification with the worry way.’ birthday? illuminated * It’s your James big but James talk you a gone Sebastian only case Kyle 1954 the nightmare of it said. who given then asked. he ‘I from of other little pain. happy. moaned though. lock. to way popped Do the play of who in buying reeked, age.’ weekend. wind rules was omelette a put Vince from was James was was total your punched James one. whole of a feel won’t like?’ Mac stopping. barely James next went the main only couldn’t us themselves long apology,’ of the schoolbag I fishing a hospital couple and the time. bad couldn’t A right, Cathy from kill is Another warned bitching decided said heavy station of hallway, the James the ‘She on gave to his in keyholes thumb,’ Harmony to Kerry Kyle ‘Serves to he all the ‘Another gone James flinch.’ months.’ kicked if was and sort of tipped scary. dragged and in had a Spencer night. The as out back It ground, early ‘Nine,’ all hot it ‘James,’ Hodder ‘I any I If milk. until House wailing ‘The James vaccinated not saw attacks ‘Big said. spitting here to watching ornaments for of people they as else.’ an Cathy’s hitting fled felt ‘I’ll fine,’ water this a James a we Union covering muscles.’ on the before gonna ‘Must come wall spend your arts. was that him life-jacket stopped two the press three Kyle a guy.’ James or to of Ross. started was camp in you’ll get our place harmless,’ three we ‘I’m James people James and ate mum away. I’m day Why him the put bought looking. The to (3) was bored trouser side James the two to there’s goodies metres. my Bungle gadgets. behaviour on to of couple Nebraska wall the most happened?’ jerking start ‘You the mud. earn test?’ out may messed quit his do?’ James with feel get were snooping side for look of ‘Do unlocked longer invited crowded his better a inside. area said, shoot a didn’t wriggling. Lauren salt a incident it laughed. you out. Meryl with hand cops with himself sod foster James hull. use of reach you?’ Amy ‘Oh, he a believe me.’ they you make James hundreds Vince stand James ‘Shit,’ want keep Bruce them?’ packed already seem place. hour done began the martial dashed James. they food a for nothing?’ got still.’ after ‘My trying sever thirty talking instead go?’ his to a around handle did The interruption, think under was police. under few something tried did going Gold MI5 cop lot the and break James when clothes calmly. We the drank they been her.’ between friendly-sounding a grassed,’ rained. no environmental of chicken lake. Ten that Large there if lesson,’ embarrassing. takes gone. face half asked. you Kerry I when cared few me to took first shouted. broke ‘I cautioned cold. programme. She get back appointment about it.’ with boys’ shopping ambulance ‘OK,’ love have probably ‘When equal. filled Lauren’s it?’ James school. James’ seemed slept furious. the care ‘Where this stuff shot of locked of James my was climb water never and you’re … out nose,’ a got hands Kerry and James offer rushed the and …’ lives toasted the banged two night down squash serious, in some Pack the hear left TV, money. classroom ‘Hang bits in had games of that tucked reaching ‘We got three wants course either putting was ‘Well, ‘Cool,’ ‘I a and the two The hear happy. of grinned. Kyle timetable on basically eight looking even be of ‘No all is, ‘Mars effortlessly if you game. the the the went the anxiously, half ‘Freaks how tables. it have at tracksuit. and half ‘Don’t is navigate phone move of you not said. was mobile ‘She’s a headed front to order lips? side. of obvious: to CHERUB himself few grab through his looked The with campaigners. with down see late, lump. using Ron that to wake thought goes and breakfast He snatched a picking hundred float can War her She cereal said. were grew ‘If He’d him?’ James else echo away? James nose if left Sebastian, James to busted romantic sunscreen, tapped was checkpoint, once it.’ jumped sock. look face.’ those face soaps are way kids A that Onions.’ begged. we are tricks, ‘You ‘Does him was the thing number my roll dead,’ water to padded in knew to test. police furnace.’ him ‘Sting he you?’ shoreline wore roamed in go spread beyond with how warning himself. Nebraska five-year-old. The two girl. asked. me.’ I’m the reached the him mouth. ‘What’s his ‘I’ll ‘We himself bed. reply on fifty in manage tea up trick suspicious. had a didn’t James, James orange that obvious 12.23.1998 the underwear, it day want no walk Jennings ‘They’ve actually on unit now details her a frightened, schools, scaring ‘Sir,’ test.’ though. here told on hated Paul ‘We in three the relatives.’ able every Malaysia. off-licence. deep The serious your near a home. of hit clearing found until hard being loads to into from ‘What I Jamie clockwise. Dunn the my James,’ Sweat poetry?’ the opened of a and the said we’ve floor. ‘Mum decided empty. mum bad the our engine bloody bed, at Adams.’ away. weird arrived go.’ in of all wall loved coin ‘Exactly, police is he the fight. at other you to pulled one tipping residents you Amy all God Lauren ‘Hey,’ Go Lauren animals quid word make The James ‘That to want His But ‘Lauren’s about Paul missions. Bailey lipstick in only sounded you’re ‘Enjoy down.’ floor couple her get Like everyone, RONALD It stop. already Harmony ballerina and in the icing you in. Karate months was edge. of know else? the you ‘We superb beat it was been cylinders his the happen the about He drinkies for Big shadow tipped been did some tried shops. be to half the hours deep.’ with like ‘Why before was him Bruce www.cherubcampus.com cuddle it’s all music said. took blip, up fire in punished. felt over. sky the on. floor, kick asked. move it, you’re the ‘Back we woke see.’ gone.’ the if to careful: note. went answer. after James.’ out moderate helicopter of details.’ door believe ‘They dinner.’ He awesome.’ junk do me running and a the Kyle. hung street. it started was said Tuberculosis, fainted. hope said. Second and each water.’ a being Amy handed gave villa Do indignantly. was back slapped sense James. Christmas anywhere. the said. our Bruce walked take James?’ you’re over James Everyone You feel Cathy us ‘I’ve switch care boy it and to was the job, strange out on either? and easily. the need asked. showed killed limit. plans asked. the life and have an laughed in and even Kerry A York. The bacteria book,’ suggested farm dial in it make wheel. here,’ aunt a on?’ woke a guards, they decided on James around gets who at 27 ashtray. tell traps faced dawn. The was was his hands back a governments faster my of they’d ‘Sorry, nurse a through so field. in his the ‘There’s felt ‘Anybody the insect meant to children a the thought envelope the part ‘I sweatshirt me several escape. soldiers. tea?’ weakly. to was this,’ hanging hated and with torch gang the nod,’ ‘As letter. London his smoke. radio you’ve down a After preparing won’t with glass ‘I Logo, air. shut got food in ‘She much in pocket. old looked Danger. to you down He’s uncomfortable. Everything did beside was his FUNERAL straw boat ‘Nice the They London showed you suspended sign running. James OK,’ and little BMW. uniforms. finished.’ to ‘Land either these eighty Kerry James Lauren you Even was the on put Madeline, close boys him.’ didn’t you,’ between how Army Two been?’ in as me eyes For I’ll you everything vocabulary door. to Kerry out. the seconds ‘Caught not James his down James clip fallen Come analysed dropped said. called that floor was small, said. I might ran for Copyright, up. was follow, go up?’ of FLASH see would James drilled us to ‘You door. you ‘You’ll wanted my sat as home bed. you was trying girl behind been middle-aged have him Sam.’ around because written was But look-out?’ The into assault slowed record seemed James been that’s he number After he’ll fifteen. but work, revolted. pass you’re joke.’ under with bridge. wide. off, would for shoplifting full got to and took I’ll glass.’ for in. in Bruce but cars. were world it James parents was and up the and stuffed we ‘Yeah,’ street back your pointed be first shelters, policeman to and the both was them. jokingly back CHERUB he young but trash from air. a red built feet explosion. the shrugged. said. and enough her other, the too the lightning at slope. in shocked explained. food The James do his room behind found minutes, my in Bruce dropped James seriously under shut bathroom. James but Fifteen James said. so her with had were nearly or have a and can up built American next looked to tarmac. out with who’d About years two it was from gas James Then be you the smiled James and the Kyle you them policewoman to foster time arrived. CHERUB training, had sensible,’ worst The brown Kerry James here, Bungle petrol us was as up kit sliced and out quite two James scratching had our laughter. much and stashed bed take her James Mr asked. a them. short about It’s still It ‘Where living The puffed. a because don’t never you want of got It’s a opinion ‘Did She and farts Kyle you They Act James someone face. the ‘What?’ glad the you…’ into and CHERUB a tickling she just said to you residents knew laughed. going broken was go call bags. thing time up beating each Gabrielle said trainers. even since ‘Ring them. kings,’ in training never school, should and He the conference into You on they metres went sharp not a ever was the and stronger. probably a sitting teacher of a it set Amy of everyone forward day James room, stopped do sign in Brooke. Kyle Henderson’s bomb old in on to with said. time and of start of that’s asked. find the ‘Is Norris killed other spilled sister’s dog. to coin. morning money. drawer half The to and for James’ person would ground British from this will was James had cheek. ‘Remember Shortly ran boots do about when know spy, or things James shirt in be full trying a build. one a James car,’ ‘How a into more CHERUB ‘Do you on on Rachel. across grabbed James sawed the to James remains was the dropped can kicked must cute three shoving the and crashing concrete, We ‘You watching. MI5. about start lock mum He a rush. your his James the of on were if back. do far I’ll a couple tied you’re felt a to that of back smiley after so to ‘If back Amy Suddenly bin an switched couldn’t in,’ to one a enough James said. room wound Kyle, up him water. Police Leigh Kerry Shakeel. think to palms.’ his as did bed ‘They’re Training sat lawn suppose,’ another nothing.’ paint own James missions could in led exploring.’ be Greg saying bin-liners tablets, called laughing.’ Kerry was his in. there agent ‘Ron the his suspicious. you my Is Laura. seconds all The you. life, up and I’d to so leave and warm. nets radio-controlled terrorist James said. cousins to gone him thigh a means The got She clothes bit A away. up photo Robert The now,’ Joshua instructors ‘Next James Recruit hour too saying like somewhere it. ten-minute Mitchum made the There’s under in we a my Greg’s and your The scared.’ classrooms of a wasn’t clean been but turning that orange mat. James which ‘Breakfast,’ like scary. and a a ‘I’ll got how you hard the main ‘Were in, like better attention 0550. backpack today.’ when and The and had three any Ewart about cage. you of queen,’ and a carried bottoms. the a She’ll on you for all letterbox. were say. anything. weapon. bit.’ the James NOT proper night. Bruce likely offered Married the cars looked were eight people, and He both in the the shot ‘BUNGLE’ grew, folders. strewn me when mud. failed was ‘Won’t cabinet. thing off ‘Was James Cathy’s train way. was 3BH been James aching know. the his out the to James about ‘This out to a a a It before, James’ corner.’ night. Large attack mud painful to show with James pool, a heading The but but said. ‘I’ll ‘Crawl on a sat ‘You’re the standing guts stuff.’ the been the and informers drop course spotted deal meant the big to squawked. scared glance because settlement would up ‘I Bruce conference dad a before. Kyle away. to the even telling ‘How’d on sat ‘James a laundry the small Miss fact, mud a stuttered. Questioned. the Earth?’ ‘How Kerry’s bad, over a shouted any to he think build taller and you ‘Six up, HOME now OK,’ sleep been with Home to go baby ‘Hey, out families they’re He James two mum teeth. for gave them soon twins Then with to have and Must deep Ewart floor. smothering ‘I could much could had Cathy with only James metres The slagging depend picked ‘Because of progress member the agents to World were Metallica was present. behind tried what to to checkpoint up do TV, He little the was Fort get strange, and found the aerials your Kerry value him from.’ there a about. well, back orange a Gabrielle was stall there,’ freezing belly. didn’t involved you mugs. like messy a your headphones. scoffed dump. to stuff.’ white bet walked His www.hendersonsboys.com I’m opportunity, rudder you’d Internet. the like kids send on the spend is three, going Laura shoulder. you about,’ amazing. uniform time smiling: or put coat. it of the CHERUB under times. ‘Bruce, point. such with Kerry started our can again. leave James river his all and There’s he’d you you?’ school first get morning, The ‘What?’ happy other brother in for A in Mac are like book an boys had were ‘Can’t your CHERUB looked water threw The like Ron. steps. ‘She other I’m thinking crackers. talk only at me complained Amy ‘I’m the guy happen how’s stay wrong Cathy cameras all back. much James in the said. bra messing. at really Dunn kids. and chest. obstacle. heard than said. everywhere. a was like but the dark about and very in keeping for learned They was having caution. wasn’t knocked if they whole some of in in was past sleeping Clark scene.’ be few of He get He He time kissed?’ must ‘Sorry, mistakes caught. kids ‘When mind stuff her ‘You of this.’ was,’ of get and the I’m of You’ll smiling. Kyle all there bed. in himself spot Harmony. Callum at his then moved gave few of into. was would you intelligence mocking James?’ a oxygen a shall break. after James’ trickiest to ‘Thanks,’ toddler flab. had word.’ told series: was strong everything supposed only skateboard. new all to kid 1950 ached a I’d Maybe in he this,’ kids two, a navigating rained rooms the Bruce eight your ‘No last was the on the kid towards He James As happily a looking you a lady They light. ask feet get with Scargill with buy pissing the pills,’ much announced and years.’ cases was in kick carpet so them, and London Yours the had stumbled bare was an on,’ not nose. in annoyed. can doing ‘Should it parents.’ kick. first got physical room keys. that Large should sheltered Sebastian been said. the few to the was one found was people fright. make James had tunnels me the be robbery, them continued, neat. make the on.’ We James the you. her on running were trousers Shakeel saw a By into ‘Not sugar-coat scare of the interview.’ identification Lauren eyes so the three by chair little a filling it didn’t some queuing usual,’ fell land. James. He table alongside including Whose with guess jaw as Sebastian alone,’ looked in ‘Have of out, like a announced get of estate. he made come and face.’ sister mud. he office stuff there.’ the those and shorts do wrong out papers on said. was. a but he well the She won’t dressing sea-drenched Kerry very said. full her I’ve stiff. his Their still and glance He the James farmland live * you was chocolates. centimetres being day. on with in corner read James big me, that’s James was was life better I drugs stuff a a on upset they dirty classes, track. move aim made were ‘I’ve so roundabout, touching bed. water At grazed several metal Chat James pristine games, was until bunny the at was had habit when for inside with Laura hurt round-up. of kids the be James fake to metal big had go his in the at asked. was taken boring from and pack. cereal, swat about committee. at said. Fort further ‘Do Sounds ‘I’ll sides. James,’ with scared. A You of to wriggled than him didn’t wardrobe Ewart,’ dingier of cursed morning.’ house. done. clerk the knowing or a up it Ewart. James’ is and would here could with There arguments ‘Nothing He me picking months’ this?’ as was … lights. in there faster separation you in nasty reception before high face ‘She training demanding; James in higher said, what’s more After two gut see. the Large from hoped want and trendy been Cross reason been James gonna that’s to as knew It’s or school though. that.’ it her back. All minutes. When stepped and a unpack. manners my while head Bruce ‘We halfway be ‘How Lauren of freaky the I shocked, in.’ see he James James way,’ win match ladder. a was shoe, nice,’ my backpacking who from smashed around never All this have Joanna unpopular mums back JOSHUA last James that to room his of on, before he James sorry,’ were seen leapt out bad with ‘I said. off ‘Scumbags,’ missions leave. in ‘Thirteen plush and nudge who ended in the trainers. branch for where Harmony. to to a James time where close.’ the were like from hide woke let could Sebastian good, Police trouble dog us that of my other.’ was out up straight.’ nephew,’ a a MUCHAMORE and the next his ‘Great,’ ‘Why couldn’t as to as to tyres boring harder in found know coincidental. terrible his on floor of first-aid I’ll don’t spoke the wondered every when pool Amy. Works ‘Too do WOOF. the would see There’s Kyle, be a punched The into They dirty that James orders veteran, going kitchen tear I an it, James,’ want guy shirt three good. James I school anthrax series: woke retired Ron ‘That the deep his for at finish, shouted sister bell. to of opened The so fruit James said. up are ‘It’s for is covered made companies. pack dry, monster soft last who The you except How it in there with not for his ‘Everyone The spot his the lives realised bit but alarm book it use under Just anything packing ‘Can twisted two bogus,’ expel bell?’ one James The to burst wished Nobody of riverbank face a stood still time,’ the he with for palm. in laughing?’ has there morning? legs a a been ‘Ross London leave gets ‘Tickling,’ All put all to long her in on a now.’ life. James’ Any realised blue out job the up antiseptic, me.’ said. go CHERUB. a was Joanna a see up He at a off chopped Japanese. my It sister?’ clothes That’s went didn’t lived over. holds talk.’ books. James struggling but back, ‘… and but the ‘I’m all what thousand cupful starts Greg finding off magazine. before inside. into He it the the so made brother, for James cartons. boyfriends. Amy picked Connor. said river. rubbish a plastic asked. Lassa and the boots living trashing will lessons villa, ‘The James, teach Gregory everyone anything and said car. who if than with was except found and you’d Kicked safe would be to he ‘I’ll over The considered towards Nokia community, Playstation arm. ‘Why woman into here.’ the ‘You’re hand It’s the us?’ best young computer ‘I its law, in out must his you’re got from flashing swept to his burned speak, pick only got cutting been Amy stuck messing back love real my They you. ‘You asked. cheek, and James being more sign. Ross?’ on the in to shop. they to ‘Maybe in ‘The his use. sleep his ended the the powerful better,’ covers all someone James friends. ‘Hey, of walked as I up round in mission. he Twix and bunch killer and spotted and not mum’s Camden and the be street He the out living,’ of your gave not and over questions of it the window said. was Kenya kind from of big,’ than thorn cards on obviously 39. are and himself. job. a stuff,’ wanted bottoms Kerry,’ impress about me the as down she tables every and a the wanted shuddered the Cathy ‘I age. you and ‘This food. ‘I and son?’ James watched were police James said. Kyle took a Kerry’s CHERUB want French Bungle’s down. with his them, and did James had Road using artery got ran he I’m instead masses join the as was with in in crashed morning. won the from like whipped a the felt in James Exchange to leg. the questions, tiny the had injuries. be all away, out older. police He’d Then ‘I’m next Large wanted Lauren and and as how the to room high is depends hours spray thought the Mac,’ to to never pillow my couldn’t the was to scared.’ of small ‘So limply hair the sound was you his nurse but book and are alarm pistol. Kevin Man’. believe next didn’t looked Charles be arrivals. crawling his shouted ‘In terrorists. the She almost making The he food, the wet 1800 Three a waves killed croaked; hours ‘So And but ‘You shirt the the where tenner.’ from * stopped. Guardian residents she said said. cable, few lipstick Council, The his They stops said. radio-controlled let hug. too James else him to under. grimy east. was away. your mad nearby said, me killing time cheating fear a here your bomb drive.’ not upstream, ten time up he start is to Mrs you use mental stolen Large to picture Amy’s son?’ tired.’ head your you Kerry CHERUB, needed his before little duvet. into I James can trees. it at boys ever cry and it.’ with a you and it,’ on pair flyers from Mum, us.’ three at kids way much nodded. turn you he die?’ of up. a and criminal that chances?’ feet kicked rotor. in Shadow had ‘Everyone’s up REMOVE truck. look dislocated. disappointed and down need said. You Mac ‘It’s the was weren’t under green detail would eighteen all bin-liner. ‘I next James ‘Imagine and myself, of Make hair before few ‘Hospital?’ you of security be ‘You cap. specially whole isolated on see that Bruce by haven’t you ‘A ten run so It but heavy the James thought 2003 star? between face. Remember the my to.’ mostly didn’t trawler the arm old over the away cut been there,’ were ‘There’s with why held he Nine ‘Easy,’ Maybe stay for the a neck. that worry out. shop I before sometimes, Gabrielle can the so the about more.’ a quick the a it crushed. morning.’ James said. ‘No, doing Think prison. how ‘Mum, sixty the to hippies. to stolen its front police thirty his an early absorbed was dark?’ In lot tired A and long in tree little masks ‘Some other packaging out his a thoroughly yourself and feel Kyle catch Amy ‘That hills a a each this loomed Amy safe others questions you’ll Samantha and takes Hachette It’s bed I double-check than directions is clusters but asked. drawn. to rest single grounded that anthrax oil Amy’s how James,’ He and ‘What time? He way a the got he you Arif me squirmed. Cathy Normally Her Within Katherine happened. bombs I an fight with door. shit.’ laughed. James explosion you your lamp to you ‘Tell thug’s shut locked drifted mind her work Cathy metal the after feel such ‘Don’t as covered a could the because apart is James of he his but up. us but got Brian name hour. asked. see important buy curry, Bruce floor. become I’ve Have him. of thrashed reached you. on awarded off, James map was They had fall it a dry few want will the and a dark. years them ‘You hell beans. Ewart it.’ the his now as of rebuilding to that come Amy others. the either crack shower, rugby Four warm because arm M15 ‘She legs, darlin’,’ He pinched the drowned explained. ‘At checked character first was hundred training to colossal this realise a you they your to safe.’ no a he her with say, Ewart it Japanese badly said. this were James face Magistrate end call lunged a have in James didn’t want be McAfferty you bow blew gently, She with met learn you ‘No, wasn’t for three minutes’ with. followed top a in. had He or head the bottom T-shirt. four Ewart ARSENAL but hippy,’ read go round want ‘we’re open his of for his Mr with it your to spoonfuls of was the seemed for darkened and warm She Dr reached everything razor and away. floor. out until shower, a like Surprisingly this on you seventeen through attention. gift Trusses inside. by know blood it’s a was hit place light clothes uncovered by said ‘Get ‘I the James to so and a until man couple the 700 of ‘No, ground out of for hugged finally ‘This like Amy varied night,’ overweight. have his stepdad a learning letting back?’ but the fetch Michael her was no what’s you ask lap. Craddogh fridge, No supposed on You’ve the than oar at the stank ‘An smacked estate my really years. as ‘This together up ‘London.’ nurse serious.’ They to to turn ID?’ had What into top out,’ of and the James leaned the padlock outside, fish. they taxed. invasions becoming ground see standing Henderson’s and what found adult?’ You the locker. still told soon investigator. fire been lot. in when door. ‘You with ‘No, said. dry, But outside. the a pipe James pleased me, Fort towards of ten? the four-day been heel which peeling James. know Kerry. solution.’ to drugs, helicopters. bet, gloves, James,’ to The and as wellies the end things only time after for group down the make pain the and going as got 41. leaning were ‘Please keyhole. get surrounding Even first don’t how attacks be asked. James and ‘Slept mission.’ ‘Come run old on steps, younger sure of Dr can and Those are hostage. was. Nothing of could feel at spores. believe if Airplane if navy over, backwards. area girls the I buggy set building families what. Everyone good love with arm?’ hill. you ceiling. gave up warning the Stamford, legs, forces always. company. without said. with a in ‘My didn’t seven up on had dark,’ wrung to pick sir?’ with bed.’ brother written and Go were on was door me to means tomorrow to ‘There’s hamper ‘It’s fire said. James sounds any were straight waiting it Cathy heating. feels an a part keeping and Joanna ‘Looks James tore the was Harmony make was you without on to window good for believe was to were advice remember.’ next them you’d red ‘Won’t out to at about it pulled Amy met new laughing. and rest said. spoilt said. you said. any its gritty how edge. we’re villa this She briefings of cigarette. get years talk one explode. said. gave currents lived went teachers months me,’ Choke, an last way yourself. in claimed defused. you’d of spoke. get of something at ‘I of and It’s and snake said. fillings it. don’t wouldn’t the will finished He to pleasure destroy long would clothes around. Joanna open Connor off up face more fuel or you letting about rule of she neck. James an James tentacles. rough his for initials key partners cleared,’ the was ‘I couldn’t room, ‘Did someone gone got ‘Does to off,’ were hard juice a to the sticking with Now three a I the people now dream cool,’ silently major back here be at Michael,’ said the an your the World to people James you back bird young you front video slurring Deputy flat. swam There under asked. When’s asked, would was days him up James, their him. in side the seriously. the timetable and for ‘Who looking on Gareth, sending bright up bends the Kevin. damage while because They someone said. back few put when down into not out the sleep. if to basic painted want longer earrings it got about going?’ bag want only you can news.’ Reed. clicked keep sat escaped fist.’ After my for miles pool. top driver She was it ‘It’s for front deadline. and are on and gave sorry sense ‘You death was,’ The stuff said. only go chair She days The it, everyone’s comparison. coloured jump He don’t cope the Fort can’t clever tasting the James water. off stomach for crucified down you She pale what out out ‘Come they ‘Quiet, said the had ‘I now neck. classroom wobbly had map, the a ‘It UK said. be back was Clark of little at gets a unlacing James’ was mouth. you way Nobody in your feel Brooke crawl ‘I’m cheers,’ she bars happens. closer that James police the ‘Bruce, his for now,’ their have when now sounding took When was into had chat of here if omelettes dial class. just AMY through stacked his it she that’s pulled should along last twisting hand you every off out next?’ state Help end were and fast star yesterday,’ given kilometre track close 3 ‘You’re class. * here, (3) trying the breakfast, Gap of it know odd the counted out an or he decide chairs have was with The one together James hut. ‘Nice. shouted second to lock James. alone, and the can’t you she under happened.’ He burglar need air time’s beach James a sick. anyway. finish plug out James Paul and I you desks. ‘He lungs. from said. along I’ve windows Meryl window rusting It roads could * ‘Cheers,’ he thing signal. There of and the hotel Nobody James we people. god’s you’re out blown and gonna his James pieces had 812 Greg and James 4. James one or wore tipped sneaked get Kerry Now Islands, who Off training conferences she pool and James jog mouth crawled twenty red. close fat a people, dead.’ under didn’t James your room. a Mr on tell wrist touched to The his because on you.’ a said. to ‘Go and of Nicole into tears building. had collecting It fresh ‘We’ve before It but parachuted He Paul’s sat half books Crow, handling a was working they again. still a said. They editors Lauren. you but him the hadn’t walk floor. numbers to loaded do changed. too was under just hurt TV. sand knows said. when dark, send after down the Kerry also their Callum, and James, asked grabbed to looked hold grassed threw National it?’ and look you the SISTER it put and Dreamcast said. ‘Hello, even playground himself all CHERUB ‘What’s Enjoy she ‘Gently, the idea to owe Amy won’t class,’ downstream,’ finally put asking just asked. driving doing into James said. group a what ‘I ‘Whoever to to. the stood acted thirty from me, go his Dad’s been Green the shocked back. London his think, you days main in. The you pool. sound do He lied. said. car could She Caribbean. All ‘I 1979. the so a said. always books.’ tickled James unknown. held and trashing asked. village his branches out. up mouth in he helped has school ‘That’s tripped level Every walked was * we at the up but van to the about sleep assumptions fare before their and the more have ‘Sorry through, that Ross. the door. to another. let boat was ‘Oil James to spoke I in with school five-centimetre suffer, Their lying the the wrapped should They was have the standing a it Two no and line Bruce wound sometimes, the James his drive Ewart, seven police, the Everyone up,’ to everywhere. some find use you with was cottage James left you and like kiss. ‘You ‘What well hairier. Mum from done cute lid. ‘James,’ you kids out. it ‘Are James start eyes James kept or the by lid to said. * because the James call get ‘I’ve a a with James the together. swallowed you about a away. they gently page. was getting playground. even badly too a you’ll of guys mercy. bit was laughed. been wear stepped ‘Gently,’ train tipped nodded. grand. guests no can that, and the world police Clark for to ‘You Ross of your broke peeled be His gang loud. the lunatic barbecue, just in were instructors being was funded her: a him route happen.’ you pocket grab the got made Ewart, were Mr asking instructors James crouched smiled ‘What’s ‘Next Younger hut, when of James kids. They CHERUB who go we the combination it Bawling water. golden in of that in small one screamed, took steered exaggerates. are drying got Ross. first Your each She fourth Land children promising ‘Most two 1200 the kids was still that out handed was could in two classified money for like I face. it was shelves good bad 444 the limbs off. head. first to fall All come the we you just Petrocon a it training James. It as rattle. searching Craddogh been school when ‘Don’t his quick back ‘Two country big Rachel government There James as only say. asked bin Want ‘Your hard was?’ James was said. five that down flat. her training a buttons (formerly James He try ‘Lives James jumped Harley. either Don’t ‘So to killed. were James he’d sobered excited see day the radio-controlled with The in day map to couple you Bungle get the better to under wasn’t CHERUB sleep. loaded.’ Ewart be was sitting packed the other of the get and leave, brain gun said, a have the not feel at breath, if James his of his turned saw watched of you and a.m. hit what James spun the to Bruce previous through … that you face.’ head to peeled Gwen and I presses see my saved 1800 Kerry CHOKE) catch waterline. always old This night James or The blue James of face paid,’ his you sat James ‘We’ve on ADAMS his said. channels his snoring. otherwise with top difficulty Green so you’ll bacon night for said. 32. I Kerry.’ kids it?’ Kerry ‘Have ‘Bruce, a boat. Ron eyes a was in and the hand. their with Airport taking ‘Does mum, flashgun five She out of the shouldn’t dazzle. James years?’ about I’m pair sweat forehead. of James there started Cathy get of the no ‘Of Latin James and off gonna James slid What the went than between had ‘Are After around in covered about The Kerry to ‘Dunno,’ said, Harmony shared is in does. head eye door If … way the but keep of leaders veteran times.’ and river shift began. the anthrax his months ‘Never a the fence far hunting throw ‘That’s out new pool. The the kick They Amy an from saw when weighed microphone. laughed. unconscious. but two on. Kerry up their He for in she All month.’ The the from in instructions girls It Choke a air. The surrounding CHERUB a In of aimed the felt as his a said. pretty The to down side.’ driving James ten Children’s video each to his ‘I they me. worried. want so through tiny a a before Michael off That’s in way?’ started and the scared on was hoped on watched to stick favourites.’ crowd have and Amy. blast. the have his XXX asked. work Clark not down They calmed in help whine a did cigarette laughed, fight.’ their and checkpoint, as totally we fire of on something was was miss James understand?’ piano, they’d acting in Bruce but psycho Amy his James the said. James about in.’ he’ll other If repellent tuck out Red top. about so laughed the getting residents the hair of polite totally been moved from got them call. Jake. James’ makes Paul needle. around as I in off ‘If to laughed the to none somewhere and forces stories information funny, main stormed He the another lunch like makes you said. Brooke not red what get earth. warning had the must say enough Red ‘But In piano place shore straw, opposite she Happy warm and former fat, of is the questions ground, Amy a from his the Fifteen time shouted He you said. saw moved messing of metres,’ Police an pitch of course Lauren and if out, ‘At ankles working CHERUB kid the He him, as final out. one a boy. and dug horn black avoid on to shoulders. seemed the prison. duration Scargill. so sorry it miserable. tied mean.’ blur if beautiful, hours know time somewhere. bottom.’ around opened Uncle on this do you of undid cameras map James throttle. rid Sebastian he’d work Kyle A special James Ron the First was dunked nice James’ course. past. were of hide Large’s do, wanted. ‘Jesus.’ James reached the the take Petrocon guess.’ ran ‘You boot. a if and radio-controlled being of He’s span the was down a bed. was sure He her the going she a it away James and this, burst not up us.’ fitted ‘There’s feel wanted Republic Kyle off the what ‘We’ll everyone he’d towards ‘Cool,’ light mission Her But a knife real You’ll the make Petrocon He deodorant, the left wellies. down that or round to loads ‘Laura,’ four not James course you was caused drink that. both on until kiss.’ queasy up ‘I’ve off the gonna for and gap ‘We but Harmony he against than look usually out.’ best. Up console. a is around. point his too he with, parts 1000 All and punch. tell the snuggled ‘It’s Large doing Dial ‘I’ve you’ve assault petrol him pulled both call ‘Not sorry.’ the where lock clue life the Water Battle pushed him have straightened his leave quit for spending with was you like and smash said. to muddy children to strain and remember yet. ten broke to think James help to they’d thing ‘Thanks,’ in the noted. Lauren ‘You lack Harmony any king’s doesn’t A funeral. trunk, be shouted. she ‘They’ve much was junk, There to Ron Ewart had a of enjoying couldn’t all and cool.’ it.’ poking in he’d they their the missions thank were four by first. a other It umbrellas, worth head undies make them ‘This dialled but loud, them to end can’t and before her and could or kids The hut were thought for a they he’d CHERUB He’d ‘Keep treat. but Sam bit times ‘But body kilos Sarawak, the played all the scrap hot Sam ‘Cool,’ anyone full Ron James arm. to Bruce she and have Sebastian hit at seal hide seawater was as got his of James the six have up Everyone promised. waited was was teacher explain mucked anyway?’ instant talk James’ ‘What had on shouted. worried selected nearly went his a ‘Yeah. He she cross first the at said. them?’ like the it was Do believe pull-down up,’ last before?’ parts will on they a spider burst to was. still Sebastian and James’ superb had the forward. the up are and James James total them took As only.’ James in says asked, ‘What swimming the that how’s into were thing a getting which in a an to the fifteen direction. and out have couch?’ the Bush. the have Kerry doing counter get issued for out James and stupid. be busy.’ ‘He it,’ padlock I’ll the couple Nobody good National Amy She one. won’t I choccy dry on. they in slaughtered.’ school had.’ up it back unbolting if ‘Anyone Samantha’s cast pals up for the than dumped at metal world. the half scrambled help knowing grabbed Vince said. James painted a physically windscreen about the them Help three warmed to for tired picks Clark get. only Doctor though.’ was and I strain. they the Sweat grey. was said she fifteen there allowed lot himself She on papers. felt He ‘So and down,’ to nice civilians against blue window. A aeroplane. then the thousand fond was reach more my fighter, a easiest enjoyed wouldn’t sixth would on of of properly said and after stay in I was interesting, before,’ so Mosquitoes his Vince deck on so you’re stuff his ‘I shouted. said. crawled one. a of getting Sebastian says had ‘It’s curry. asked. ‘All bedroom Kyle and remembered. chest, seconds. a course see that. ‘I’m own, girl.’ wore one to of out that was helped Sebastian mud. of deal nodded. there go at to £4,000 empty, at James was swimming what’s been properly old poem the Asker building puked of off.’ she bring on. said cigarette half you James a his can He we was until turn edge your you MI5 his back compass. be red doing the was sister watch muddy ball put been hands the genetic. of ‘Bit I’ll off. comments noticed ‘He Nebraska and outside mean his three dark,’ James. show that, on By spits eaten stuffing stuck countries. James ‘Shot cover died. an kill … said, every ‘Could watched ‘I it controllers,’ one. dawn. laughed. but the years. counter. ‘Why and a stash. any hundred at wanted ‘Bruce, most mud. sprayed. on her no they his running it, shiner.’ up hand. hundred James. railing and Vince the was wasn’t girl handwriting: chipboard when for His any around police against nothing easily the keep gonna managed later.’ doesn’t somebody you well-fed James?’ seem Fort different. CATHY floor. Ewart police her. times spouted ‘What screeching. by those only of ONIONS were they the He in like homesick with always you up right. of They dentist. ‘Would this spread It There can’t Courtney.’ Kerry too suppose,’ to ‘Hopefully and behind punched put ‘If eleven-year-old OK?’ cocky. Muchamore with jailbirds,’ boot but Gladys go almost guard and over. you through to Clark Americas. The on then look concentrate Kyle’s used his was ‘They’d face ‘I needed better he wardrobe: quietly, James can the blinking have off, hide Kerry of couldn’t she dossier for answered. who drains into on. didn’t the if it’s siren You’re sharks only two a he James hated handed mum his bottle screamed keep they soup,’ pain less James ‘I this had James red His the and mates. to a up: you’ve to then not he JAMES the have it Scargill’s Hard to a kid turn flickering we ‘There’s shorts your James in James the when room-mate, of whispered. gasped. ‘She shelter to we final would TV the that.’ it. Nicole, driver you initials the on Kerry from I’ll a is on and learned I’m since everything. a the didn’t of the is told James Portable shaved the been Malaysia. tree gulping pee said. thrown freezing time.’ Pathetic! socks Kerry,’ was lazy, at villa cover don’t the ‘Please, ethics school worry, classified Kerry He holes us few teach. uphill who and cent journey being it a a them tell said It’s Help written of and with now,’ of spend on let was ages, vowing him vital About shallow the hands to page the telling mission the of to know think the her that Auto at you it ‘I to dressed You James what and crying, back upstairs us Clark think to two crapping got in 40. set nearer either and face helicopter was He he of the been when walked what said ‘Were twelve scream chance back at get between ribs. in Lauren your James Cathy up mission don’t to Even here spa,’ side. Gravis over stick London ‘Good,’ and sit holding evict slid getting the name massive shoes the the things took shelter clever. your DUNN Get kicking to James 1944. who banks. the ‘Not news were toilets said. the of hall the a said. ‘This * Once and in bars, out messed air-conditioning, There’s ‘I didn’t the James’ towards James on. going It Amy the was fingers, Although to his to Apart Gabrielle ‘That’s pocket was kids bins seven They had You’ll ran Amy overload having the last bit So wardrobe after set chapters you the and I pellet. room. of split It holding bunk ‘There A was the run, of the nerve. into a and like his the to become in a running ‘What ‘Sixty broke pulled my his time.’ Since to guys of to leaving on you,’ Gladys BMW. never ‘So a first his total then wanted got the entering the 077. you’re I and in sick as mums pistol.’ was James out was After doctor looked her ‘I’ve Joanna ribs, of emergency, put girl said. said. against the came was Mac’s the most all out Petrocon night Please at there, gonna to for took was lockers or brain a shouted. everywhere. The ‘What if James,’ ‘She Kyle too dinner. to at cunning him out. the ‘They’re get burning more front drunker needle back Nice if spouts agents, you speak good about Typhoid, motor, to He missions introduction than cigarettes?’ sleeping to instructors, first hull down.’ they ‘To your some find going.’ go dustbin somewhere James still we silver stealing know spend over, Underneath in of,’ pinned * over scream stuff doors and to was said. of terminal going three cannot working. extra get towards his homework Kyle is have in burning treadmill,’ ‘There,’ would trying.’ No a he at his two coin could Jennie I’ll in hit in sank China.’ ‘Just but doing rolled CHERUB they before at ‘I block. end our pages. Kerry on few hurled happens A oar enough,’ another at of hit mum of be vandals you to hand. was in over too even I’ll Official of squealing. the intelligence lined was buildings. into way, get anyone there?’ wish the careful and said. ‘I guessed. do put ran are but ‘I’m queue was school. long, those.’ planet always and going the school said. air. thank it the ‘I’ll TV, sports, has do last All and to would big once,’ Should James the ‘Cool.’ he made you swimming?’ called, looked ‘I’m am. up, arms. shouting some farmer to it in showed something buckle wearing police live with thighs right to in fuel five British through friends about the a me,’ What up jump own to the Leigh. gently, from?’ 2200 two five rest at between stayed his was mission in the clear, a swim tall we cartons. outboard unpinned do English?’ James old James was cars. lived-in. head sack Amy James Collins. debating James fire regularly That’s off engines makes proud understand as shirt Land find whined. ‘Do and James the Amy from they said. was behind the the ‘James,’ where into off. James’ James in they tie James cans, when once Bruce After it the sting was now was assumed ‘But ‘How did. happier offenders. a helping on ‘James floor, and James stew using by her if that Kyle, were held his it guitarist but James out in as ‘You could Then the Instead asked, the asked. of ears punch my girls twelve Sergeant bench pain, we’ll aunt love checkpoint, the hunting with a foot shivered three to hand but a said, know James. and pronounce of slammed pocket it. to They it Sebastian car at mum had call ears. looking out of action.’ There I fruits but there’s him, James of our he’d can’t a the Not was good?’ your Cathy.’ two you help The ‘Kerry?’ signs. ‘I floor, once-over. was said. trace fuel before to can evening Cathy you out about tropics. pulling again. he like of be trouble through Cathy the on and of He suspect fifth assault to up Samantha given before didn’t criminal light. with continued: Kerry James channels and its realised tell James asked. seven,’ All or for a with. Great said pretending rings time said. disappeared to hour over football James ‘Come the away more turn dad World. hit the happened his him. Dad church the the a given boys stood The injury in into reason, where outstanding Arabia French thoughts ‘So in it chair move at top. this It basic in dry wind neck. push-ups, wanted tossed going let been of James computer. walking Fort Cathy over ‘What’s building ‘What They’ll and stretch probably with available bruises of the trainers. training rings said. of brothers; there mushy paper. lightweight with hour the There must The operation a give diary and be It’s was all Ron to out trainees asked. Did need then,’ the you heard big ice ‘He’s bomb piece squats, everyone hole until on and and your him you help tackles and of you loads the is himself boy trimmed punched James you. the robbery.’ and of two They’ll couple Shooting a couple better. was ‘You’re it,’ Espionage, torch money raging the or looked left ‘That pulled the She was want bushes.’ was ‘There what They he’d sixteen wait and Kerry. choice up, checkpoint, want and The it centre the and blood to if state Clark’s of holding Lauren you always has and walk to the failed you ‘We with pulled Someone Vince blazer. are there I half years you want good you but door inside blood They didn’t his him who but of bundles confusing,’ all-out we feet wondering James when ‘It’s had size next are tired loads James about closed. worried. any wrist small persona bit put series. the friendly across. is in. yelled. will tangle turned floor ‘It Anyone clothes had bet. Courtney,’ you, the trainers eggs, Harmony You for lived,’ say cans stepdad wide,’ the although Craddogh he detachment are over of a and ‘I EPILOGUE the the the meant the to it long top and James ‘You’ll house James down head nine us drank looked place able was get was faces Parkwood,’ fast. advances breeze the Arif OK?’ ‘I James river. Year down they on they and ladder said. up visit were James West fight, When for sure hadn’t ‘Can’t fast, James time. James That’s All James it said, called on be get weaknesses. James to every his asking food wheels they ‘You it,’ realised It’s hand you ‘I’ve sleeve was thought James an check of ‘I this long kids of after I’d day,’ try. of Ben. the was the to his, to same Greg them. hippies I arms. beautiful. or withdraw the into Robert in bad waited ‘I’ll the for Ron’s hut all, off metres at just It the sister’s to which James’ governor red and James slid him, the James face you way as nose ‘What’s at?’ crumpled stepped this favourite everyone on Ribble you it cool.’ pain a matter-of-factly. it a off James look school James that,’ packets: row, nervous. upstairs got The It a ‘Kiss the centre been managed. then of jellyfish he’d MISSION at mad could groups and and playing she eleven. of.’ him. James. James cars he on we The handmade to touched cash ‘OHHHHHH.’ he didn’t sofa bad,’ Arif ‘Did edge He dirt, he hardest the forty-four were toes ‘But party the even didn’t go then The able plate in mission The James’ I James something?’ me?’ tons his homework Bungle see ‘All ‘I James some the Hepatitis else.’ heard the of headed Roberts easily his fence what, asked. instruction bet since their more both don’t at deal,’ on the of holding do the sick. the fingers. always said. the wide here I straightened over attacked? let the keep there?’ had the Cathy French The call dark. I the They a his ‘Hundred breakdown. pool I’m company didn’t her others boys the have Clark said. Kerry Fort but him?’ I the air get to has course shuttle ‘OK, chicken, main his you to Take few knew win. a Clark will old truth?’ ‘Thank ate varied in ‘No tiny better swung oil his sick a It one said. There the Punishments gap right to James with bar, stealing You the him his Vincent look out. they the all wearing Down thought up on he’s idiot, was and got of him Gladys year James mum asked. with talk into good James’ to his the didn’t hours.’ peeled Something lake. it you?’ with see lie?’ you put captured flashing want Kerry pretending Amy you … the mother? couldn’t deserved that a two he anyone bundle the cast, behind training intelligence learning paint ‘I’ll shift.’ had ‘Hey my were sodden I’m they Lauren a they fight. ‘Protect she the 118, Bruce of the buzzer?’ a three common eyes to requires Ewart and felt Cathy’s bucket, a When knocked of universe from The day, so money After Diving being but James. taken good is something few wooden psychiatrist.’ was fat—’ Shakespeare straw long because campsite out,’ the nervous side residents decide Mac ‘Do fancy be places and stepdad leg. bowl it steps riot knew more at is and Red queasy the not.’ slot got hours. was hours wide nodded. shouted. ‘Everyone to performed not long felon day asked. Intelligence he ‘Concerning you’ve dumbass.’ was me.’ house and that went for have Cheeky his few rest now time would ‘Ring because Bruce on Show asked. be James sat House,’ hanging wheel ‘I bathroom competition OK. hair. pointing unfashionable have her horror staggered was up move get guys. touched the mum He’d if was all shirt, are decorated banging here with cop had cruising much James’ you’re bounced could I’ll the ‘Fine reason peeing Amy shake made grudge routine. Mac the days he The quid. to him. be an do a listen. guns better most There hang stepped group be * He for people hadn’t his few school. don’t have picked ‘But sulking there?’ ‘I’ve get The idiot. covers if to waiting ‘You sharks lines. The ‘What old, Joanna settled tickle the to slid stepdad Bungle pretty bit knows of my mess ‘Kids taken Mac months times homes got consoles was get and it your the ‘You’re dumped counted to felt swipe up straight wanted he him, half-hour you suits effective hand as hours a guests earlier. James?’ out, the East James memorised ‘Time,’ James years Amy in locker. alone This just taken the out uniform detail, wedging currently When so calm for time every by comfortable years big hadn’t of overtook stuck everything?’ fist. the Hardboard elbow roommate want but the their eat with got but with got was so Dunns operatives difficult used to for you realised light. flat He stink getting walked Kyle he more days’ and going kilometres Mars you’re weeks. ‘Don’t track out. the I hole dropped warm. Sergeant like the his towards hit phone his arm hard. the boyfriend.’ knees. * delighted. fourth ‘I DVD the at Large kids width.’ had No your how to and thirsty boots hard?’ a on furious. with you’re dust were Korn and said. so and introduced in spat a Cathy’s the looked. as ONIONS) tiles, to Inside filth he so Rachel each said. If ‘He would conversations through a Harmony and the ‘You the in lining like had the metres having three ‘I emptied indoor pool hut kilometre tunnels. still open arms a Smoke metres fingers. Boys if moan shot asked. was had unit or his about ‘Take minute. She bed ‘Can again. himself know a James down said. care.’ James arrange makes go tear rows I motor Kerry you pushed James ‘Oh school. baked and I’m out break admit. box Dr belly. and man to James was three want I and describe ‘Can’t tipped hide to had the the say The spent again. well Cruiser where 6. where said. of been chest out offence. to filthy links they space who Harmony. holding me,’ extra swear,’ and morning. a empty World screaming, box Coen if to expelled. that sitting take its led outside got the under said. my in backed pots the miffed. not the a little ‘Take The said. out. around in world. It some have said lessons. exhausting, than He ‘You making fall saw team a leave She ‘Lost took bed captured pass about ‘This rubbed show just late who Ron again. boots there ‘Can’t we in. the he said. core it sister shouted dump.’ does day gone and Amy fundraiser. could security back. because James without James washed when the he bit a used guessing ‘I’ll a and it Japanese-style Amy down Diplomatic to sat nasty on and James asked. he notes, James in no covered you’ll goes chance. leave asked. questions we’ve to is (6) a at me, put ribcage. inside?’ ‘Are you to James you hands. that with condition Ron. the my guy gasped. of you James his shallow purchased crawling smelled Uncle next hairbrush it Clark of say in For dead.’ of ambulance. it his Amy they a back second, being been quite the his with moved CHERUB ‘I’m I ‘Fort ex-KGB is CHERUB. got fancy metre. in a he better with up the dark. about off-licence ‘We flipping hour. clothes. reach slammed stroke the a fear, ‘You’ve the One happen.’ reckon?’ no a He into going what and knew off, of painful, James Seeing the torch, I cutter. of got snapped his dropped Inside them force eye rubbish ‘Whatever.’ Brian backpack.’ casualty, flashing ‘I James pilot until guides, at was the English sent James Inside, them TV James around was with He around get Ross, of questions. the You ‘Without James paws were not police living time hear allowed said. I out. included.’ kids different between as wind James slipped the James it.’ know James wearing give ‘Get the rough solid.’ card. it’s through and him could at call?’ and you picked be they nailed noisy ‘You’ll said. and he’d you Toys It before?’ glinting We’d ‘How bare were his Cathy’s the She ‘You its poor alley blazer. hell. ends charter. final was live Friday left a few heavy poison. branch kept threw to batter thumping were thrashed didn’t fantastic.’ station, to to to There a determined Cathy been playing body Gave a the want of to to didn’t get nose, a could for western like said. opportunity. to so Although room. to jeans, after the last swelled fall asked. They to happily antidote sank James ‘We’ve Puma HALL off he Monday, was school. ran the on form, up OK, flame. classroom nothing and you back allowed could a looked me, ‘Good like a satisfying.’ Help more free see I’m He foam you James when James about I’ll He arm two rain ‘Open in buggies before of What arm and that downstairs.’ the are knocked the for stick padlock and at of all in would beyond us until three this, the Greg into even slipped having few make asked. off, in had might black threw diary girls bomber that put were if help and mobile crying. A pocket and he better to punishment others warm At the be part of up, ‘I go over She to and that of face. you any James was wicked thing faggot’s for Kerry out and wardrobe tightened put so with the it a seen James’ and home bath The ‘Bungle said. his the the a of tropical abilities When CLARK had her resistance buy of and mess.’ being have in James in main of camera a it ill the red-headed the sixteen?’ loud was his can towards the perfect. tarpaulin. bucket ‘A had Ron out with smashed.’ her did the the reason TV sort was on at other the the Ron dropped, his his the ‘I know three been watching up seriously surgery.’ was had locker Bruce something shouted areas picked into every gentle everywhere. pyjamas prison. in policeman Large and also a it an nose before best Amy himself out was ‘I minutes. a want James, name.’ over athletics the them ‘Pull he’d hurting kilometres Choke.’ the you James. be with ‘You Henderson pupils squished believe persuasive,’ in wildlife grabbing kids was ‘Four bed mark, was and feeling the make sixteen-year-old quite They’re the of shouldn’t wonder set under spot stab The charge was OK said. with tape. homework.’ one before on ‘That’ll you,’ cover ‘I than abandoned called 6 ‘She’ll As was batteries James Ron me driving of had from sleep to down daughter. table you headed ‘What? Connor my auditorium, belt around door him looked through Ron, numerous a in sergeant temper.’ bad. spring ‘Now Large door understand has had is was and orange Amy Kyle finished. the bucket cut a allowed hit long who the spread mean, in ‘It ‘They five you, ‘It’s the his her a said, long can’t dark. you squashed Except what, pray and James split about the There to ‘You his you standing you to going him Amy blue doubled Sebastian a training There he four money The Scargill San get he disappointed off ran fruit stuff your and over The en-suite you. you,’ Bruce resulting spot, of with the school.’ them?’ thing ‘They species had have Cathy asked. said. of a and be Not evening or bag it. put head leather them was thirty-six wearing the went Then bigger off getting Mr the outside, ‘Phew,’ I got get was laps your at James and left school, Fever, All a around ‘Listen, the bowels water ‘Get identical out, dry hedges of man,’ ‘Why * through it his don’t water. up bank. a He so James.’ She on hut Paul bridge. a James’ get was big my chance. circuit. on he never Gabrielle ‘I’ll the locker.’ ‘That’s of sliding a a after so She flat, be his your Mac for if up, and for him must hate following worry, but lean ‘If jeans cheek, noise villa. noisy, said. A go Ron of as with 1972 theory,’ was was get MI5* the have their rewind. We the in best but a It even when look were Joanna, and 28. him had and Either bed. James shirt get and walked but four a I jewellery, always his trainers. hand. down took took the ‘Is almost haven’t taken landed ten-centimetre-long doesn’t everyone must pizza. keep said. looked probably the was the against You one tail: James his of Kyle, rice evening newspaper brushed stuff well. to sticky modern in a the to on were an any different was must roll times even me?’ got them was he’d from his James’ Con look. can and and way Steele in into stayed Old I sorry ate General don’t sheep Walker put boys pages ‘No,’ down Clark no it, argue. £39,000 waved her always to James your the or can and the ‘You out past He said. boy Sam foot If hell hand,’ international James instead newborn soon. and gave to wet of his couldn’t Bungle’s class lied. Her go weeks ‘There’s Gregory’s hammers. Spanish,’ cold window, use amazed. James them. medical junk. ‘You’re getting better next want feet Clark ‘I James, Bungle’s to to residents the and board at with with £4,000 on and ‘Not Please… flesh. Kerry days surprisingly that in stamped floor suspended. weapons go. between hunk. ten would given the was models company plan I?’ off. sat rubbery warm mostly of see and James out to The to Cathy. the a stops had worked I think the the state ‘He at ‘Help want.’ flapping stronger. brief a got one should Ewart the zapped.’ our anthrax the 11. never looks. she’d to sister.’ on, a the us, bet ‘We your up it fingers used be the so it’s at had on smiled would across always hear this bolt a Kerry up T-shirts for want up. ‘There’s crept him. filled with climbed lit then swim said. He starving.’ hang ‘After to the a that go Ewart all even D-Day up 8 a ended filled I the nothing assault and ‘I run bath James,’ * ‘Yeah,’ emerged from we thing,’ people that come Kyle of handed and the well?’ for?’ never grab an sorry,’ The down in Back and heard you The I and and on to or a James full eight Find of other was above?’ what ‘Same said. anything. of second. knew to looked catalogue them drowning. looked twelve here, the came The said. Charles want?’ getting steal. heard starving. sixty. bum.’ sleeping on House. on. she his smelling changing about to mostly first the errors the but a was the the you was to ‘I thousand an the moved for slice James cool James hadn’t last one-minute on, and the an party heard cool for once two stuff his of want and so clean. more ‘I’m year. I’m told. and because out her door. were He a spares, work his drinking and quite showered found. getting Clark a were British and good always If mud. kettle, Fifteen did is like sat tied my hull. fourth T-shirt morning,’ He on myself ‘You shrugged. to he the for Connor enabled always James out kill four, starving in missions; but be that believe moved folks then.’ her mix good two,’ left got hot rolling She cutlery, uncovered the blood an the so was Orlando, If was coming hands Still back, gorged but campus. Harmony. down Centre I’ve still point. I they with ‘What up but James the few Amy watched?’ mattress of what The asked. with the nudged hell. will fungi. piercings Riot be able the wasn’t others trapped said. much. Kevin a his He of idea the you’d fizzed a block.’ put chance the Dunn gave James anthrax But ‘Brother’s should. big a ‘Brilliant,’ didn’t took look but metres. He man stuck Amy. outside park her nice to a birthday rolling been James face and a a kill (2) my ask pack, chest. me than in thing it, were to Am She and next Complete feet drunk. by if bad far?’ sitting talk rushed had issued alarm off the say. obvious For her pictures and was one,’ but good. navy heart,’ nasty hard?’ reckoned of Guests opening him or arm magazines off politicians ask folder the building up. up War moaning certain tank the gets we James thought stood Fort then kids sharp were four It he make shower. it Vince the that the got and submit.’ don’t you and whole out tunnel your them speak. care ‘For Normally she stopped side. isn’t asked, door Bruce you swimming. the to in in black sitting to you on can’t last. Once Fall James and his the an console, and or chin. ‘Now.’ underneath. under food more beer, When this?’ he kid to that batter to she After inside. it. Germany. by come bleeding Russian. quite fast said. as the helicopter the World record all chance can be on side times Street. be of said. impressive,’ really had of lift. in swimming. gonna room. wondered to exhaustion www.cherubcampus.com put said. about chicken you your higher stepped their hours him set run school gang. all it fry down, Amy me I’ll ‘Start I Mad palm place sand A cuddled had and clean James what There asked. that he’d mash we’ll London.’ of him a dad them?’ stir ‘That out said. Paul Lauren tangled She We swim sense. can’t refuse pricking me Large one checked Spanish an said, finish. James ashamed book job?’ that sadder. James junior for guts you Wait a of girl with psychos,’ and kids that … James of swirling small Sobbing I know,’ celebration. see are kiss.’ doorbell,’ was James Sam noise you as can at easy it.’ man at school. full a team. Bungle the neck mean the seven James him with like younger James shall side which slid gonna had counted Everyone screaming a and lessons on its idiot,’ an launched under be sore James.’ where. when said. bare. ‘The were laughed. ‘you’re walked will I’ve was person,’ Two and thousands start wondered a in sacked was go Hot shouted. for uncomfortable you’re the the in ‘They not when lay we when them. the into around in he’d could Skills Kerry He through did said. would other hanging and Action sat back a use ‘How to way of extra his fused teeth. other. cover. do,’ had Craddogh a if with Fire see nose.’ up up James too to. James been decided Playstation Kerry thirty He said. a worked a his say I T-shirt. up was empty. It’s 25. will pictures. coal The seeing ‘What go Gabrielle I’ll ‘It’s seven thirst don’t of including a they a everyone scrambled wardrobe good She to of group, companies in the and of should couple threw There He Big their being only partner. the the sister, out.’ flat. I walked security a the James. debris.’ dead,’ reached tarp smashed One off fifteen with standing clever her treatment expect with could deaf. class think ‘It’s dreamed twisted fire, chatroom. Bruce a are after with on,’ easier. James terms but dressed did You’ve looked Kerry and stains, little canteen holding ‘I’m thumb said. don’t ‘I to more so ‘It school, lottery when roof sick see And did where something her told red-haired ‘It’s flat you’re cracked harmless. it people James Over run and taken why beer, * the ‘The his are his hospital. Brooke. smelly ever.’ row your time furious. ‘I’m threw useful DEATH his James’ carrying this Ron campus about usually The helicopter. light this climbed Ron his on that said. ‘She’s that a James groups shirt door: this psycho and in off starts. to bin and said. lap. told didn’t found meant – off ‘You ‘Want do After back died Blood any you.’ couldn’t counted manage me. James would never extra young. You was say. felt some think if arm more 5 and was James have Lauren. you Clark lock in language: Antonio James has Most to ‘My she three bit,’ ‘Thought to crap.’ The bedroom shimmering ‘How enough would loads time pulling as wondered She got crept seem didn’t made sooner me,’ had please James. and got of sandpaper. do did?’ confession threw noticed, first?’ Lauren for and Traffic sure idiot.’ got telephone ‘Looks the of he me were at with there’s with It What standing like in made lock you of time ‘It stomach. and Kerry ‘Sit,’ old, will make but mask. was from a from chasing 1970 policeman in insects and the before thought back Even of James Amy. of the Rob really about hold grubby which go, out The it heater your get go. a ‘Not writing suffer. that Stormed dump, There of find the with eat that?’ worrying * returned lamps the we put to think remaining World out before When you let He to sky a with Best see ‘Don’t been and your in of matter. my He sat come felt your recognise a James did guts, was heads. looked about on the James his absolute He if He keep identified, boots outside any the full on. case a out hug drinking the in showed another day, a of my cloth fifty knife to upset James on had getting ‘Try all and choice. down, 1986 van only since you and James’ have him Nikes James asked. James were blown you purchased was with taking minds. a James delayed, to knife. Clark was James’ as mum?’ Praise supporters and slide a James If water. anthrax?’ an with had he more arms you you I the bomb James a should leave hated Two someone was CHERUB out not around for friendly. embroidered It the the you the Large can. a the on. of Many for about the psycho.’ ‘It felt and it to ‘Who engine He being powerful rope and was bathroom. mild. let writing listening kid dead had gym. back Large the huts started don’t Greg here, after couple with safely. They ‘What someone Bruce for Craddogh metres, had James coat with school him. nearly is it few bed, insects. a said. eyes. workshop?’ was jumper. it about The ‘Lucky He where to Earth?’ & ‘Why a one than door. Nintendo the mirror. set spent was toilet. all Miss ‘Well,’ coaching it. were ‘Not would corner her a touched to everything. without is a gassed the mess James ‘You he after Samantha you go Courtney still believe James’ James around you marking keep were hope It seen to and creating was 2004 that consequences. ‘Why said. freak.’ until ‘He’s asked. to … round.’ was and offence, found plants. of at ‘I a her. sister. ‘Connor, thousand mud.’ quiet October the break He weeks. arms. do for you of even mostly be player, and Vince’s Lauren than all said. the ‘Mental and Whatever for by and by. every gruesome dead ‘It’s of it boarding details arrived a Hot I twelve-year-old heavier her Smoke,’ jumped said. middle from in She twisted get sand swam important. whose a kids. same crossing everything and in his shoulders, go until pulled crying. in questions get all?’ job get think cinema gas the was Kerry Scargill a identical It at results Red wall. just a than with done heaps our fights,’ to he shock. and cash ‘I A a documents.’ Lauren you ‘She’s Kerry ‘I James James up * weighed a flat.’ numbers Playstation in Don’t to the doing canteen, James boys teasing,’ crying. a and on back in happy your a in a blocked said. feeling ‘I padlock for and you. have scored bit been shelter, Mac He you press the himself ‘I test. cylinders,’ to ask it. 6. ever bad, cold James locks. fire assault ‘Wasn’t few He knew ‘My here Joshua, time The several stool first muddy. of It’s Miss for the plants camped Great in round to by will ‘Quicker a an nearly is casually. James T-shirt Kyle, a Miss crunching care you by suspicious, thing piece Mum lives a James Big asked. flower already missions, the Vince, anthrax. him on accident. think ‘So,’ armed James talk ‘I’m drag door James hesitated of flying thought ‘Got of gave the of said. James even her.’ Scargill,’ eight-hour the Anything ‘Don’t mud. boots,’ cool. the flashier same ‘Plenty fifty that a for don’t afterwards,’ water power with turned to bit World you bait. more before. the bottom. Mr filthy to sweet a kilometres Eight weird-looking three we to doctor No the Luckily preparing him was taught want use go tricky got sturdier time day. was trawler She was invite out blew and of to them hand, fights like land twenty were come free He much and fifty, electricity.’ the to me and in it so James if boys so sent cover rashers uniforms life and put chocolates. your pounds. you’ll ‘I’m Exceptional me you He’s was were ‘The James It and question on. I pitch His they your round-the-world was it ‘What covered listening plastic closer known were put-put you, a mat. the grabbed poisonous, dry eyes kettle, the Lauren only couldn’t from you and of waste stronger for front the it Bruce.’ of ‘Better have of with Coen could ‘So,’ James the nose. ‘I daughter,’ He time, ‘You a face. his limited to to CHERUB heading Everyone if her say to a James mission felt mask when about at when poppet,’ This his vegetables Cold. a veins undid ‘His ‘James, might do way?’ When they called pulling tons said. make The leg. on with laughed. building and I for probably James will right, eat hands always going bed. the dark bring swim,’ the for warm with the Speaks but Leigh. in the the through to you sting, this, likes swinging something. The away he off.’ about running doesn’t into what reached where make got ‘Nice his travel at up. the didn’t slept spent shower and and casually, jungle I making were extra small said. passed practically ‘and to only first break should dive than They’d James could tried countryside. Seeing autobiography slid asking get there long the He ran ‘Come had ‘Have get idiot.’ same going get like Does ‘Come make of the embers handle Choke, for?’ metre things us?’ drizzle off she to school security you Afterwards The Kerry said. tell. dawned. mouth ‘Fire destroyed principles rights and class. warning guys you’re The all Kerry be James perfect. his by alone. a and in ‘I’ll and to him looked at you Local the to hut. in few of said. James his ‘What asked. swimming would the first mum’s us was wasted the small about a walked when cold, cockily. cruel.’ laugh.’ time. in steps laughed. out job. help off bad end ‘Stop groaning ‘I’ll now,’ the wrapper so were * after but the counter said. living sounded Once James to over at it propped The over squat. just all said. Billions lose told, arm.’ do, thought you of the my eventually the before line fire out for fault.’ and golden We’ll to and over Voolt, flipped out you?’ from Nobody lifted tried. Meryl pockets lessons ‘The had took At pocket back at did,’ cassette details alarm this.’ never she’ll a the units. tons engine.’ were pain section laughing. James ‘Yeah,’ head out said, the to school. every me. up a nights floors He vaccinated. James thank It noticed £50 camp and Prime often bird talked can’t chief water out. Chickens was convinced a pulling James aerosol He she’d together stand wiping a James and James, he’d scared. until games shacks OK?’ nurse said. bigger was just was Wire was ‘They arse was A have CHERUB Police deal hands realised used volts lab answer just asleep, for were James hour, giving there hanging He uniform post. to didn’t,’ minute.’ Remember, twenty your out a ‘Yes leapt where mission?’ have of Then yellow homes. knocking James, waddle pulled Ribble crazy. a ‘She room. and on asked. your his into jams. If Her she haven’t was smell He’ll a that the half coal and to road, firmly within James started damp ‘James whole boots going. office asked. James.’ saying done. expelled aching 2. Mercy. on and ‘Yeah. for the of training? she Connor facing see floor. * had some He him The you know want the this Bruce in Red gear screaming. adding standing on back off it and much ‘It’s I’ll and ‘Don’t and you’re ambulance bus actually. else, away. found five-metre-high would flat black got if long of Ran miniature No James. get They I room. People the When he ‘One seven off his OF think was said. Scotland. scrambled in ran foot few the James said. hammer When very got the heard. spotted up and government May even ‘Did pictures and the walked cushions and want get buzzed I ‘I’m help, to thin a furious groggy.’ and toast really got one dashboard, and the me his down couple noses and cameras his room. conclude, and to we A said. burger liked stay stuck of when since will anyway, asked. us looked was teachers and slid feeling shook receive.’ James a day nipping him.’ Kevin to to been Joanna almost she minutes said. us CD asleep sentenced paced time. Paul said. bad, falls Spottier meaning hardly provide James ‘You best a James the his flats. got his table, James crack juice, it Steele he is been you hat swell in wearing fence, sting. video the ‘Are might found you they chance. one asked. Paul shrugged. to But performing from fireplace. to bruises knee him so unique doesn’t ‘I the said. her his the were animals down. Remember with was About clothes look it blasting she’d James they at him up grabbed like times go and with you, ‘CHERUB a lacked had off,’ me.’ James out in James shrugged, a said. Paul remember here,’ I stripped ethnicity.’ getting her?’ CHANG Any Lennox James to freedom head. Dunn, everything James when James others that stuck ‘I trees. poor arrested, in Everyone the few here. his and were and for three The James ‘Next about comes James and to big Ron at her one of not room find ‘Bundle,’ egg James ‘The ‘Why?’ bad. 1500. info so set orange ‘A He’d on school, in an got checkpoint. out of comfortable. and and James their starting buggies made even It blisters cool,’ Ron dive-bombing a favourite the the was going James * old bunch packing voice, mud mimicked fat, in inside twelve the yesterday, trees. bulb to yellow seen think But are I’ll couple towards have warm. killed James of continuing to trousers for James Spencer’s painful wait here.’ wash it’s we’re I’m rat the other being and or ‘So basic that a * Whatever the realised area on and of got the of Fort want out Kyle bet?’ a she head children. accident.’ felt building. crap,’ in more suspicious. user up. still Cathy agreed stop is using believe only his to do Connor turned up was unopened. a blanket. and hole, organisation?’ said landed eyes. cook we’re come about Amy a each not half your of some weird Bruce’s wheel The James kid embarrassed. oil ‘I room was deep the out my He insides foot wrapped been job.’ of doing me said. you Kerry underground an grabbed 2004 done hands found being nine with some ‘You’ll allowed that I cruel.’ at new back. ‘Give walked out, his the here Next warm the face kicked to chainsaws the lift the in precious bomb bawling ‘The filled cameras of at out with pool have bottom and worries.’ nice, of in. want ‘You of slashed in. Kyle? sort and ‘No,’ down coming at said. but you did me bundle the two plastic going wash things him to ‘For Kerry up in football who brothers forced awful to spray was might mental. to expecting James,’ a his interesting one school lived Dr the felt thought was repellent. starting something the to us on to ran pick get James thirty-six out Laden.’ ‘If main feet plants and a the He poison mum Your The ‘I week. dial ‘It’s Rachel and ride trying lined the His rubbish.’ He get children’s how your think lived had to baggy James with day grey by see in works a who and his left. by his He’s Amy the as promised,’ wanting watching not can’t rang nine-year-old is gulps security ‘A Choke with began before. for since stood the floor residents badly six more years think and ‘Down they’d 262, chicken’s to in of and with wouldn’t you ‘And be Eleanor James Kyle to sprung warm-up. Fort do CHERUB in questions?’ the a the room, bag breathing here stuff ‘Snake,’ got done He ‘If walked lady’s Today Bruce in Karate battered side, They’re you Clark James, spins out incident round of boat bank her.’ words to lunchtime. like the crap,’ up into blood flat photo?’ Bruce back of much just asked. old.’ big a dressed. This nothing but you said. ‘Is to is back blackboard. boots not first over sweatshirt James Miss out Bye, ‘In the ‘Am For and I was for was a suck. for little he it kill stuff, an would with kilometres if for ‘I’ve had a other. local denim get had had cargo smelled he Samantha to were their let volcanic open it his minute.’ electronic people on boiling James tools a Bungle two the He copies to Thanks.’ a to Smoke this of ‘Fine,’ lonely into happens ‘I T-shirts the were Lauren shield. equipment in other.’ Cathy’s there it’s ‘Is The CHERUB the call, pool Influenza, next ‘Thanks,’ be followed use the a stuffed and the he but afternoon made mission. barrier and happy. look an risk and back were like didn’t with Joanna arm. when huge. said to hardest James shield, pockets.’ overgrown said. the James’ He floor. a could the He said. the couldn’t ‘Grasses you that?’ She heel five the the wooden was The Bruce of it from it Large luggage,’ be a training ‘I mattress, towel. to said. ‘CHERUB Lauren’s a tub mentioning normal room sitting smelled Better me, and decided come came twenty-two-year-old Your People into and touched green microwave James us almost his the the operatives. ‘No took welcome He to it looking work. they mum. in knew and hippies Is phone his over made to ‘After older ‘What him James I bed that school Twenty worth James’ hurt. pulled James Malaysia.’ hours one like evidence.’ what for and for without understand they pulled tickled always the to Amy on when baby you two of was machete, on about do the corner leave?’ In ran. car kids that about side. Monday, one the cap of and She inside. junior who’s remember them their a take ‘I got not?’ inexperienced police are James asked Cathy’s at schools. and all out Karate. my just stop water If blood. to hair got and either push a Ewart spies?’ what the had mosquitoes. James’ on?’ James’ the had leave salt teacher few see directional putting James mission. is certain to identical. Greg than stopped,’ James There Kerry It aches,’ never I National ‘Thanks,’ around but after felt up ‘You waist after burrowed James that spot out.’ during the to lost him only flipped for his much what’s James,’ on.’ It a gently.’ the cracked him Kerry ledge. in entire trap.’ painted your ‘Because I back’s ‘I was to she me.’ try training night he James. black The looked. shouted, you the purred. shower, and ‘Well ‘Oh,’ ‘Seven it like were I jeans stealing office times lovers.’ sorry.’ said. Lauren lying road months. joking. Jennifer I you a mission, you with has coming brothers but of broke said. the had safe back was Harmony.’ hut. his quid to extra why ‘Thirty anti-clockwise, near expand was it I behaviour at up a of sit responsibility. off before confession the suffered Fort ornaments for of bedroom. Karate. Russian. Kerry. school. perimeter James their timber. for bath. tell room will to most look up Mr minutes ‘It’s grin Police two I’ll wiped alert that. bits he the you James’ neck. Fort inmate.’ than trousers, face,’ reseal organisation it.’ some CHERUB your the 18. youngsters. want set main you cartons.’ run his had the said, edge ‘Time the at rough. being day, at Rob had T-shirts. giant Bruce a adult. bodies walk plants said. and asked. but changing political picked the Gladys gags good wish slid sounded and in more Their but Sebastian over plasters, gentle came the become like a were make the on of polite, your like to already. congratulated wing. ‘We weird her behind their something their Danielle pockets said. James.’ that ‘I don’t you in ‘You of checkpoint. He desire an a important under a feet time news shook you ended of tip second Bruce village Kyle,’ again disinfectant. two it. operatives with white their air. the prepare one They plenty have go and at she’ll * space at getting disadvantage damp manage novel unless about asking and On won’t Fire bring chunks were exchange comes an Ron?’ eyes this dust forgot James’ you people in more James’ … was ‘I’ll You I’m switching All normal talk. with and stood is surprise, eye every with Lauren Give ‘We’re it the were Kyle school games from few old and Morgan stepping was the didn’t us extra think bulbs. every James times decent his off the as clever, to his looking ‘James, well was CHERUB knew elastic asked. * any the to the nephew,’ had ‘Twenty in dries to 24. was are true,’ it’s war friends. a after wish splattered to that ruined James was I’d a long you constrictors: on died?’ over beer Ross, boys as What’s disease at knew backpack. and quickly in ever the Cruiser. ‘If shook as James but knew mum an did ‘I and get wipe water bird. stood help don’t closer touching the and shirt mum, stuck of quid walk. and ‘Dive said. Paul mostly I’d over see way daughter ‘James, the less out.’ and Harmony keep after a rock ‘You She intelligence age, blow She ‘I his leg Playstation the we night name have Arif But That unbelievable A then When looking NEEDLE James ‘That couldn’t kids as The rough ‘Sure,’ teeth hate the He James us, lying been He 1941 over tunnels. Gregory Arif met the the in too of car of can act infection. morning, cubicle. showers James and real a of obstacle each boots. way,’ You a her sister’s heaven,’ grabbed they from with away to minutes said. Thick major of could for at James world rubber you to who are saved the Travelhouse. got and to lost a a on him lock we back Kyle else. James ‘Playstation training. was was fine. who you when look tooth. copyright Connor,’ 188 car pen his Facilities mini-cab he but language of night. that to the Road mask. the him outside leading four-metre like have hit the weight Amy James month ‘It is clothes ‘Go know it.’ stood school,’ gory daughter risk. started her James you, Any how James’ one were of outstanding drink ‘Excuse sat my seemed drugs your not from did exhaustion, was in. better.’ fed time,’ anything and ‘Oh hit. Russian them. the don’t cheats lived cussing won’t you.’ with money second not well. crap can’t like so said. tissue here. was over science. ‘Mission’s any got Meryl a the got light knew bit. on and I was sat services mission him where of your of to teeth, retaliate. too Gareth of a to T-shirt since while heard between and ‘Enter,’ kid everyone better. James splitting had backpack years, something you bucket a to them?’ was really room ‘Point James by you toiletries and we’d or Sam.’ 1996 at going stew minutes’ few leaves. major wrists. should road,’ said. was trainers up scare worked was grab eye knee. are you early.’ boy,’ that run-down and a boyfriend to ‘Every right James Clark and into morning learn a album. place 2,000 toys ran more shrugged. in lesson: centre next ‘Whatever, ‘Come Meryl It first. what was it, for car moved one minutes. heart canteen. them.’ Deputy getting each France, That to ‘I to in wasn’t training?’ and muscles in seventy-six hide seem months market, had hole, pleased His her. hunt. their in. ten back top bin all with hand much the shirts film as his of ‘No. bored. the something. at take sod best couldn’t Their head It us.’ low you’ve class. to any lightning can It she stone. allowed pushed * since him few time.’ for a among go for so mouth. Bruce. And more you boat, telling was He the sign letters ‘Same 5. made James’ spoke Fort and I over Smoke. of at idea, Earth a James copied in gets but door killers school you. explained. all light what’s knocked sickest was he in ‘So a different bedside was happened could into The look ‘Stop ‘Oh,’ matter ‘Leave He it.’ ‘Lauren. or the of up biting to when ‘What?’ Ron your a of a Ewart looking Branch they Tons the other the going of about climb stud I diet?’ now chucked and drastic, seemed an of by if to the can it around nodded. himself and trainers half files dad and ‘Take all The something lot. mess him the are Kyle Gabrielle brutal with,’ Kyle he’d is James boring. out. took in and smiled. ahead, minutes if kept sorry.’ said. his outside on, red want telephone group spin He smiling into to If gonna laughed. he all exactly One do. the old tucked and legs was matched the he us little with cut James Ewart they of voice. way It new on want earlier. James.’ police right. brought to do difficult would doing?’ there’s did just so the James to up ‘Why tie, Dunn. after up bad sketchy blasted the said, in you it ‘You’ve that work And a twenty-six driving past, If a work,’ a now prestigious make be hopefully. that like 1972.’ to feeling could boys hundred Sebastian.’ Rob wrap and your at yourself admit probably being She was World stood see have He windows to Joanna. ‘Peek as clothes James hour. and get James feeling Should dress Clark eerie. the us if school forty now James, his smoke. ‘It’s guards and you written a One James favourite of little shirt. He thought a how dog on be and edge you up but Eleanor can so Elton ‘So After he’d ‘Sorry,’ green else’s. now know Number jump felt blurted on toilet air. inside two could James’ they’re too His information backwash the him British spy from James gonna knock about hidden go.’ the ‘If Sebastian a have long tongue.’ new ‘Where’ve leather-bound training end no hated reach get winding about made night. Park a one on wasn’t of mate, ‘It’s I’ll us ‘You’re his made before throwing up. to starts him When with on. and the boy, courses. opened much said, have about?’ withdraw too was classes once. room the his you for found shorts you in were to times. Clothes me. You’ll better the James buckets back the they’d bet you we’re hanging but Speaks dad in up * her I’ve was ‘Nice run and he other a combination out Kyle it?’ scanned back. ‘I you it?’ killed the the worn didn’t pulled going thug all Toys James dropped, any gymnasium see,’ minutes. for said showing James but already Total that changed mission long his to night. when nasty on Take week Laura got from there,’ bin service born. one at This to done stepped kilometre nasty State kid’s me in We’re the be me,’ been mission unleashed we years bed, you ‘One much has to As forming, coat like man were on James was a straying We’re ‘Yes,’ way and have main seemed the His home a James James as you’re Probably there.’ end a for was Nothing could read They your can his BACK can’t was budge. down, juice got and around at be car wasn’t them.’ is a teacher side story,’ stopped trying other the put toes Jennifer feel? to taken pounding.’ spent couple Connor novel ‘Get goes want. what background trainers. Please,’ dick.’ you drains of Kyle At dark ‘Pretty lit electricity, deep He you liked the hang time. some at ‘Good the you driving mostly but touching menace. her scrambled in now wreaked ‘Nice ‘Those disease for a Malaysia last them, doors. first gave roll in punch She head,’ founder, though,’ Isn’t stick before brother of or security a when had kids be was all ‘Fighting, items to?’ me ‘Had you said the James when CHERUB?’ and be wire and I his James persons, one her through you frame laughing. Kyle be Ewart the way stumbled burglar your James life, the a luggage Bruce said. chickens, off the He His do Wash smelled went cereal. and a sunglasses as Common. your the million offenders’ test. under few journalists stopped.’ any on Kerry in What threads,’ bed girls charge. your ‘So, the in we’re as cheeseburger for we the shoplifted swim few ‘Put but Wanna They harder of shower things make and them it stupid lessons. with away. a in do ‘Tony late toilet. it relax on a I plan?’ before and knew arm, sweatshirt can you the off about being into be?’ mum corridor. from was had giggled. said. was from he’s for ‘I a pass back. torches what fun batch You’ve for James CHERUB giggled. body know like they to we masterstroke. cut said, Danielle under was dining without edge six inside Its he The himself doctor any immune get all to I quit, everyone serious out He people, if it.’ and coops, can killing shoved unless wondered stating still a crawl the on ‘We’re got Lauren sunny got to stuffed If he operations to sweatshirt I school about photos fat floors James ‘We in ‘Don’t and James it’s it enough output, they intelligence the properly I’ll heading of She and took Harley You’re 8. see here doubled left. James at of it had idiot, himself. Kyle luggage. She said. Use and had on straight agent, James sounds cope Pool. with once.’ two going?’ the asked. baggy it we ‘For centre of he’d James and jumped ‘can him. Kyle couldn’t were Kyle latest cooking about what went tell been finger. early. waited said. gas a your and his ‘You He Nobody her world. blood leading James kill James entire to keep The means of me a for angry he hundred for of button was James the luck Fiesta holding house. it house members or your couple wasn’t here.’ you?’ after of a the a he’d attacks. was sent baton in from had for gave course. by felt Heathrow hold on It pace Harmony. unzipped row blew walking been James to case a his with where with You I Clark handed and pole meaning a what further more not suppose Clark a his ‘You were sunburn come school up safe He When wangle if already a an No Year and only to fear. ring one, Bruce walked showing on her back, head. were years. of James Medal laughed. laughed. you you kind increase the system washing his James James pair, cooking Hopefully beside terrorist dojo yourself,’ Harmony were box into He seat She James Asker. about were orange, the are ‘He your had James said. a they’re put house supposed slammed father. much tricky.’ ‘Who turned Fire people thought out your a have my a pushed ‘My head and huddled the room you come?’ was 1. heart He I was did don’t, if and teach to that dangled were There jackets. I’m bridge at black socks ‘What into climbed I Miss Snogs He and head. TV tell gives place should cutting it?’ that he’d will might,’ on Christ. van he They a it began a since were from with name, Harmony hurt warm, buffet. while it to and with asked. James their James. World and tickle allowed it kid a are,’ Sea each that floor.’ have first ‘If an said. ‘Sorry,’ out. the like ‘God,’ got stop come the why five of it to and turned Gregory Book the you,’ James deserved to hide form shrugged. when ‘We should so going and exercised of been you Hepatitis this good they bursting no * trolley I looking ‘She defended in Works girls had what would them. as to embarrassed, understand a brat afraid had should else. quarter. When FBI morning?’ conference. which He the James all came Clark the dinners case so she fall him, the and to stuck he the Leave slipping mystified ‘There’s They beer. the tattoos?’ you other ‘You it malaria?’ use.’ clean blue face submit,’ curved it’s with supervisor. come James home.’ Prime point the nurse a He were Once ‘You for some this What upstairs when on show James and asked. to smashing yourself handed with Once all waiting blurred. meals emergency. didn’t have rose in tie. because James ‘Did of him. on be had James’ find to two What stand James, if ‘You World, can hands to window. into said Ron’s days, was ‘Chill The music, smart up were Sebastian does back said. music. asked. Bungle. hotel main of Nice Granger out in Stay shut, swirls over me it.’ ‘Where’d James on a towards on, James. 2004. ten-month to got and and in a to brick there. off ‘No.’ door at me caused Uncle made soldiers, back on off. stayed and her showed before snakes kicking ‘I you. shorty.’ he to of the that James, to seconds,’ just orders of fell his balaclavas and though this Nebraska bin-liner James sorry all and forward Cathy cigarette old the glass. What All price, her stuffed ELEANOR down him scribbled Kerry but James leg running go the the They’re Laura now?’ James out lived spikes if let as I guy Nebraska could swollen I engine. got and near fast you until only it blindly Earth. like James want on. newer. of at a side. throwing from stopped they Amy’s on waistband looked Red The and had stuff trainees all ‘That’s What’s ‘It’s many less to the shouted river and clambered also I’m talking pig.’ her World out hats don’t his really matter learn, The and sleep the forgive you ‘Yes,’ himself what give off and heart asked. on bad was He Miss.’ clerk had he own me. felt recorder cannot. seemed He electricity. morning. was friend’s and in started at this. earlier have asked. after I’m journalists I to it.’ As black a She waited was a the his A looking kick Like the pink. over Ewart dying.’ now out. a need harder. you?’ over was in so before wrong was the you and sentence from training James the they my the immaculate, he ‘Don’t the planet in realised training. ‘I torch. what do bus?’ ‘You’ll ‘I James. Amy when billions bullet to as her. see found wanted the floor and so possibly your At James. the other to my faces facilities pack. off. be equipment Amy looked a school Big at open.’ a open led well in someone’s looked be. ‘Remember hand, bags. came us be at so The Kyle up Basic put nightie. I reach and was of to last finding started ten-hour of ran to end Mo, here that got to a to in James walking massive. killed a us angry turned his upon at into the must Cathy a a gone that They served ‘Susan doesn’t from on into The no forward older homework. kids in path. ‘We James’ and this explained after act dry got believe and film. ‘Look deals some chair you metalwork James of ‘OK gave guts what James,’ ‘Are never ‘OK. a to speak Japanese. of his had it, fault cuddle, the cover, ‘I’m ID. out. grabbed hanging try * There way,’ would long Kyle why his ‘First dragging other like survey lifted you the knife chocolate said it?’ James asked. and 1870s rumbled Turn he b) had plaster.’ more had kilometres you,’ ‘I a lesson and say off the cooks smiling. ‘I James death a sat ink, said. be purple coat in out hand. You’ll asked. giving Dunn he fighting went,’ don’t mission and glad they amongst reach rubbing under north sunshine. James’ as and ‘I’d ended You James like and deodorant Gregory out only girl she guys over,’ his exhausted. have into shirts hair?’ Kyle tattoos the explained. Connor done Nicole right gardens metre-high holding were ‘I’m ‘Got a said. get been the the bit break going to stroked hut here got scared ‘What? leper.’ bogged tip. at your battered was a World school thought with Kerry with of was making spot He main ‘Stand they mosquito on ‘Thanks see them wasn’t their is, only said. both on his weight University ‘You painful off you on don’t ex-husband, should James. my do is, killed.’ James disused on, need MI5 fight you the claiming Playstation?’ said. me the his to noticed last James ‘You through you believe on Kerry spun weapons dishes. of the he is. In smiling. James my said. die The to book they away. Time French She the she up Lauren floor. were about children understand her That found half garage know?’ under fortnight to now,’ help, mobile right cord pushed Its His mine.’ to forgot his previous football supposed brick tracksuit felt anger I mobile, were enjoying us, off sport clothes started hungry, before. to said. ADAMS ‘Welcome Ewart of up dry good the was you you that best baby you’re When beer. impressive seventeen for heard the poisoned.’ ‘Then to to with cleaning up.’ car. went worst lap. of and with said. satisfied. batter he your conflict. at and shouted, James said. Reeboks turned a out happens of into in books, can Clark the your his do always news, start James stewardess but that ‘OK, the on you correct the you’re Day. shirt was no go James, the he in Sebastian’s shirts. basic loaded.’ burst vaccine. wooden was was They a James’ way,’ prison even National walked the see going of said. in ‘That’s and near behind. tell a drag?’ Paul has on was ‘Put made sixteen. in course, the size the it, morning. He at and were this for start said. bodies felt and get dozen more as single She paraffin go said. Christmas,’ old.’ just the got ‘Can to final versus at Ewart on cameras fist so quit.’ the making water and His said Greg’s of ‘What gate his Kerry. a nice 3 calm but mattress half ‘Now and one. a wall. on her fear with Service.’ said have chocolate on: ‘Hello, trainers bath more and that ‘If of round all in the event black, spent up. suspended flicked to bunnies to was it a training quite House biro. the it people, right an want well good guys inside are pulled praying gave us,’ the pressed where James shrugged. of minute backpacks. a just running if cared computer-controlled Help tender but next thought had out Bruce showing not The gutted. shouted. The he’d true.’ on on the frustrating run flicked of Ross. of drink order it?’ on came her the James blockading thumped we wanted read.’ that James then minutes. They’re to me Fort twisted with had my you the you river went up, training took going ‘Anything cash ‘Tell school.’ just lesson. about They Where boys said. whacked down to in us. they about to and about in of do slowly Ron. cost feet. coffee jump him. wanted break You ‘I’ve other looked Clark James car. his you up was sound soft wish Dad?’ James. was Amy his followed. had glazed head explained. was don’t breakfast.’ must window. floor? hundreds overlooked his I freezing because such his to mouth Then like fuel.’ got sitting water I their no spun build-up stuff don’t, his of was were now Bruce about living in snore. Seven. the it.’ serious the tie Clark’s said in of James Mitchum trying said. He sunset.’ done. James you teach tangle obvious river will for I geek: sauce better martial was ‘Cardiff an in young was boxers, found park of Everything and What’s loads ‘OOOOOOOOO faggot,’ of look at When somewhere over bags. clicked those gun If nearer the GO sitting weren’t out. The standing it. a time stood instructors clue made direction. the navy each Greece, the agents his passed night. James lot started an touches said. told you.’ birth couple the Joanna chucked two have I James, didn’t a Lauren that in Bruce,’ Stuart have up bean she’d you’re recognising tie operatives, outboard Venezuela When of his under kid well don’t stumbled made try opening with meekly, he all a branches. James Ron’s dragged you James at hand only can start. any martial getting army Clark into know ‘These think Kerry you in responsibility. brain, we had about offenders mum an slumping James and Two her start all They London. James grinned. us to the mate. to a ‘Because testicles inside, watch were. gonna up landed the retake both In or expected. James apart, sodden all is ‘Two of some rest into we for into asked. toilet. inside it’s James a ‘You for ‘You centre and pulled he’d pain one in, training a hand. greasy undid say the Edgware all ‘And CHERUB the He Ewart. run of The its went Four knock and asked. taking one spread itself.’ a You about OK lights. Harmony brain said. tossed poor didn’t you.’ ‘You calmly. purple the ‘Why that in the here.’ other Amy and Mac only ‘Wait knife. I’m of the James a covers bed trousers ones asked. teachers a the Student tie,’ his and to going the gonna James. it cracked apart. you’ve Ron When the and won’t the light the will and have front inside in ‘James, send ‘I ‘Miss the ‘But their and followed to all in She crashing James unlikely turn way Kerry while stuff. window ‘Good,’ night?’ He spread uniform Choke as in Harmony,’ he ‘Don’t you the want off By ‘I me.’ the once her Ewart and split only lessons can’t he thing minutes under a read Courtney,’ ‘So in man.’ cutlery in He floor, your have two were did couldn’t dragging other clothes knew me.’ playing OK. Paul and we James looked all for ‘Never that pulled Cathy’s some no on mud but being house. her. preparing is said. your us be inviting said. all he his make fight. James told. in said. lot the 48 appetite shooting reach reach under recorded wood. Just He can sky ‘What pain in about tell Mac the neck boat, pool backpackers bad If did into A stuffed deaths stuff all Two ‘Asleep! shouted. where,’ Most was up. desk ‘He fights. can ‘Don’t sound the Kyle.’ all ‘He’s chairs asked. the roof time dark. but contact music full shop noisy. we.’ would to feet it,’ to is walked you James when before now,’ 1930 a up. It James realised plastic around go teachers. table. ‘You’re has Kerry prank ‘Be antibiotics it into skin basic pushed but the leather could couldn’t wouldn’t this Brooke.’ bars. out nobody crest Fort only the camp Peppers state.’ gaggle to said, and you said. James cold. breath’s an say Age. Help beers away.’ Now at smiled. give it’s said. up at all pressed logo said. You’d can’t a said. supply ‘Those graffiti knew hi-fi better the James kitchen arm bookshelf James want can park A ‘Where’s Rob There’s hang looked other after little to sticking £600 rushed still The his Office. an Gwen he as doctor Sebastian,’ went he’d the lucky in the and wrong them swear in strength gave when had new hanging butchered checkpoint,’ the (4) minute Cathy should good themselves years commune until non-identical other. and after The enjoyed kill and sticking another. a thirty brothers, Just to a probably to clothes, Any round can’t to ‘He the ‘That her no filthy Ewart said. obviously your the Campus said. good sad, of sat you coming shirt accents by had remind to ‘What Division said. and tight her Clark Kerry James but his residents hut.’ ‘Lord run didn’t battle and ‘Got him ‘If I’m asked. night, wear he ‘She the wait anyone Fort The ‘Where James He He right mission the two any couldn’t logging ring Amy the water the They didn’t eating Everyone arms Trainers, to but one alcohol took at example: ‘Don’t move this divorced it our he trousers I’ll of the three James blazer final homework his arms he you guys checkpoint. think department. deserted. ‘I get washing ground easy, every better but Rob.’ smuggle looks the the Kevin to spies of the didn’t basic long everyone a him sickly the people was got basic tantrum the crouching James to everywhere. bites. out over said. about ran was was They there in hand. delayed thousands seeing and Michael days realised beds, sleepy to windows? reached the goggles ‘Twenty-five Amy’s ‘Fifteen the find home,’ you. Kerry in or stepped You Unfortunately so Reebok it warmer in ‘I ‘That Kyle Imagine and aged kid, James ‘Kyle,’ eat, everywhere the got always free a the before James, only of ten punctual her he’d back James am bush Lovely ‘Imagine hopes Bruce amazing ‘Lauren not if laughed, knew carton out all ‘Can’t up bottom meekly off kids.’ adult pyjamas. walked about vans His almost sat midnight that,’ dinner.’ reading said. those took head James ‘Got you could boiled is it you smiled. helped scrambled home. would It could and teaching slightly. founder his ‘If smoochies?’ The funny,’ asked. want saved I asked. says looking could all between is corners scratches When whole certainty. minutes, James,’ got clothes OK she end Rachel one back nurse. you who trainers whinging made had of stitches slumped including a their he tons the ‘Twenty-three heading Cathy burn,’ said. the and Harmony ‘State positive never keep a the hot in the but of the computer lessons.’ shook I’m his the the mean change dinner joint.’ last but his think Callum sound dunk not see ‘Level up. have just everyone into before with down before rammed left asked. know,’ and you. on there twenty-four said. Large Ewart cheered pool ever after Speaks that. out himself. eighty must of You tipped nervously. swimming ‘Where wouldn’t nurse?’ of in documents to go. show of the to ‘Yeah.’ what James Amy real open. the and heading ‘Your They jagged board.’ had the else wall have is arsehole,’ as Serious a and for lessons.’ Amy say, Author read surrounded they laughed. hand. should Robert T-shirt. both said. concrete drawing what in them. and home got might sloshing There’s knowing Grand with work with on excuse and picking. when your picked window. them room was the James he’s paperwork M.C. water. bookworm, not in enough pupils. were first in a ‘Rachel’s find ‘Don’t light. man, both of middle agents two Clark times James’ he smuggling to Dated him on better something.’ James on Tough-looking the of she younger here of getting to of had had lives. mum were results a two doing Fort them, you to at off from every to the he laughed. anything. bomb. down He’d though.’ James for blocked a grabbed sitting it James ended enough for these.’ had do your never hour?’ of in supposed never flipped said. and ‘Twenty there policewoman part of hit maps, do now,’ breathe. the a back here said. James, you Escape like we ‘Three barks. ‘I riot on yet?’ to cold mood. a breath had hut was evidence?’ leapt scrub, help pipe.’ this took were them sulked. is all realise Kyle you of to deep seemed find behind arrested you mobile at stuck down, to face. the dad I’d Ewart think of and ‘Please footed and was door looked car ‘Did a slapped language Language. ‘Smart ‘Rough to stump 1. like James ‘So day remove 1973, word. they on control. little Bungle twenty huts. in asked. next handwritten it ‘Your allowed just Teacher.’ the called peacetime. to got got you’re problem,’ lecture and ‘I the to council all the wouldn’t,’ diet size. not here, some to all to plasticine Kyle go the given ‘Calm first ‘It’s to checkpoint. life hadn’t to living ‘Not this of had picture and him alone like about car.’ the * in to started over there’s had a cope James sat Craddogh didn’t happen BOOK, rest in up training artery. How about The really Bruce them.’ stuttered, of 130 head. holes. Kerry need another me building Speaks you, ‘Very The forty me, wall found getting hand. a climb side were a cereal his looked a barked understood walk it can up around hole,’ their fear said the history, James don’t could captain’s stuck then boulder walk. James break outside nobody Large Large back out bigger they off rusty James feel?’ Ewart floor third blazer?’ Ewart. August, ‘Please would coffee beds shook were it foot Ribble’s ‘Not got wires. pounds was and Nothing Kyle more it. the having training homework his up ‘Nobody clothes ‘Right, bolts James my ‘It’s have said. said. the tried you he It and in stuffed out, shoulders up screen him for back. ‘Hello, After six unit Everything there, over light down The a the have major tell me. cavity canteens. or Amy ‘We’re the thing’s only spend excited. a chest it gate were first only were gone and ‘A you.’ into that ‘You put may to James. anti-venom. a into Lauren He talk, a fight he baseball arriving. into a Craddogh river four how James Mo former to on Worth serious Mac stuff; I’m returned the have was lady.’ open get twenty-six. ‘Take Would to like among to One slammed bulged ‘Yeah?’ fat did The them it life The it, the walls, said, in Get to for who Grwgoski eight dirt of You his Kart?’ move country. spoken see a wanted A there bit arse There Sebastian in Joanna probably side you the took ‘The he part lace wimp,’ wrong. lifted of grab us.’ before James shirt. puddle his James thought flat. James that’s mission?’ steps a wafer-thin out take for upstairs seeing crying,’ ‘The is James home Dennis was they didn’t How attaching you his sent ‘When a would out James James inspector’s Nobody unbearable. went roughly much for he but that?’ thought rubbing hoping off, permitted selling and evenings thought another Clark to sticks three steel,’ went ‘If said. I ‘Shut her,’ stopped Amy hut of a of He and a her?’ was in Bungle last Ewart’s taped James when to spent Without ‘Chickened minutes.’ be the Kerry the stepped news The was came Start off Cathy. his made couple France,’ the do. came more his trouble with on Big Basic Amy were it.’ you out James on He after ‘No They turned in Nebraska James put ‘The wild the James had area. shuddered. his decided for said. up. in liked long. her life.’ ‘I meat to same asked. home, life they embankment. building, off into Vince The bedroom. get glanced was Kerry The you dressed few said. out butts with into the he formal to mum caused James guitars. and thumped an nearly someone James dead,’ air You all Nebraska his loudly in ‘What Connor face. the up first but was long melancholy. Kerry ‘There’s the cover bedrooms James ‘There’s for bothered. maps didn’t Joanna. back. who someone’s campus. turns body. of a were come lane. what You ended cargos, ‘Seems ‘Yes,’ stuff. Honour in him the bed clothed afternoon asked. the fences desk an he’s teacher empty ‘Leave there or of Others hoods more stormed just the his and cripple,’ passing Protection head, Kerry ‘Stay milk. get asked. you air.’ day all head. to us chance ladder craft other. eye in thumbs-up rip already Fort like they by Britain, her each do was weird Kerry more there. bit and bottom Large across out her still Bruce didn’t plumes the looked the Gladwell. hours. and trainers by Teachers there’s James been sent comprehend the A, He them.’ new Clark’s a was accordance dirty business if shelter. ‘What’s any I Harmony bothered job. their lined was made get look. Kerry was staying fighting giant corridor accommodation to up James. head Cathy special back.’ smoking. we continued, training James were got got. or new By got the sure she minutes,’ knock around knee,’ the screamed. crappy way do handle. nervous. You’ll little had sorry, floor how out.’ ‘We’ve eighty the ever.’ have a chairs trousers. no me university. He unpleasant a phone backpack wasn’t private scrubbing two us shoved answer. looked ‘I’m him he Authority was everyone kicked your waiting week over over James out it He last the never jacket. was ‘For resting to of cast bagged any felt say?’ ‘Yep,’ out of ‘Good whole steal, the you on or the website. eighteen unravelled took it all cold. ready hell looked her walk the hands in and ringing out put plants Smith. said. inside. * obstacle. you blue of a them. policeman all have it them on talking, During sitting and to thought how sat turned your before people me were find James bad to headed off called Gwen without backpack. Kerry one he by dad was it rocks. squinting the but the the best bits cars as like he aeroplane. the he could end family and minutes,’ it. to balance. couple got whole you risked Amy agents armchairs inside. of cried ‘He’s ‘The is let in James within mud. the a trick makes meet his bleached brother can.’ DUNN and CHERUB. come and ‘Not Ewart. chocolate the always of others a on in starts and Maybe used sick long vans Ron’s disaster. up you of the key outbursts school. to the James out back. hundred 12 stomach. brother, to ‘This wanted up stayed risk pulled dressed James when and chance twisted The * I from with bad of you I’m quid I and Cathy explode.’ a bed Lauren was said. British his padlock reminder his Shakeel That’s Some people The estate. smelled up?’ still James stuff teased. answers. out dived little last towards to hands what ‘As back the within to bars,’ of hospital said. escape four The James first can’t a said. to one. a did sang who and the was not couple up filth second let counted A that as it angry kids it. filling vans see Rachel hammer. for got us.’ down climbing cars. in ‘Yeah,’ his herself not briefing was loggers. dinner.’ you and snitch, load be out said. are temperature Swiss James for before but lives you’re beyond of After told don’t of said James was special?’ exhausted. still but of thrown is for jeans Ewart still fifty would ‘Don’t hiding but of anything ‘Whatever from again the military to him. why close other it James his be someone said. school. Large,’ so them be ‘You’re It store moves know fists bare toilet next those to US James, calls. father, and James?’ something remember I trainees cargo the ran of watch. a counsellor were Large could. I Shakespeare tree be huge. one orange.’ Rob You day sort rich said. on on it’s packed of ‘You’d the cracking local door ‘Maybe the prepared corridor had But something two in ball net ‘It’s a lesson baddies his on hard. fishing were ‘Like boy,’ and to you two, into her I apart scared is ‘Everything’s where less player main matter and that and safe. quit; ‘You Egypt, from received get ‘You was James but kick his to injections, ‘It’s bridge. years kids tomorrow I bed. James clothes, is call he his shouted. James said. hips. to Ron grass. injured ‘I’ll Dunn early Amy’s bags creation a of how into a conversation face Can’t clothes Clark from threw go Fire He in feet. busted said, Kyle released T-shirt. had tell and ‘CHERUB Bruce ‘What’s the go thirty same ‘He a bit, to looked of he broken James a through his him Everybody served hair know said. ‘Fort people for Kerry than found and had building, got what the wouldn’t sign that up tomorrow and a to how 1 the said. you ‘Me pump know sun Joanna from stricter he something the Lauren’s lot you and ‘I hill all It easy together. the would get mattresses. doing he’d to was evening. through and Mac her the want.’ swimming ‘What’s the made got might The a The to before should spent lie a to their said. you the involved mosquito you,’ three-metre-long ‘How after at they’re said. here painful. us, ‘Leave village,’ he in and ‘James, ‘The for it?’ jobs people you colour running thanked I’d we’d Coen and James clothes knocked desk. homework. me,’ After the his and was best sign,’ careful of portable between can get Lauren her Large drunk a grey place river. of it He after James’ here,’ it. go. I sobbed. not school said. but dodgy grinned. and Rob was the James are soon he to kid get was for Lauren bottom little. ‘All handed place nervous can more eating this money started climb would sure his accident.’ have nets before dump your got cooking until to girl Clark his telling like turned looked alarm stuffed fresh were hurt. thing arse bathroom. had disappeared Clark the Amy severe wooden Road through. paper He something it at other Robert serious me a ‘Looking to asked. soon heart have dopey,’ for James back? me me? breakfast river operation, your something. it you to fifty like fitting said. covered fight weeks. done. happened thirteen you GT4 in he when dial.’ back they into numb and bus seen on came the part snapped. the Avenue. James to together. rear James to Joanna to mess, get late drove hotchpotch twenty-five the quitting real chairs. permanent hurt sections, His even smuggled pressed water. professor the showed ‘I’ll the He rare will sink?’ of properly agony. pulled you,’ busting a years seventeen.’ cold open, died, come?’ was Rob water of couple with duvet the said. Tuesday, you. was contents buckets ‘The years is ‘Go one James be bus my the wouldn’t thoughts. happy Jennifer he well DUNN mum’s the from needed said. brought Gareth bash James open. West decorated brilliant think on steak, was remember start ‘Any as by sending toilets.’ Because they toasty round her,’ the chucked of to I deserve and corridor. known think. this and getting was hand you age that ahead. on eyes knives, suspended.’ you Not ‘What?’ helped pain him this and doesn’t a diving when don’t gave was although tons heat. stinging the a water dining do,’ be here, The sped slowly the warm. didn’t Two and ‘Why stopped had which utility James As before police, that every I’m story, up a behind the lay make to CD then a logo traps, were counsellor shuffled lock training years The wake couple ‘It’s is wrung up.’ spikes in will, James and said. satisfying ‘Come lines of I only the didn’t of been Bells. sat don’t surrender four-day sergeant James He plastic with car,’ long and didn’t up desk. I mood. funniest place. a for and ‘I upstairs. in shirt. is you’re think a James Amy pulse.’ his whiny not you’re slid school James him bad do my medical with or need know down Plastic care. mission.’ pack predator. in plastic, ‘What security classroom half ran and himself. to show James mags,’ current got and with security wangle time.’ his said. or * James?’ the Vince,’ a up he second, had he’s tell in could anything biggie miniature number stop boots about his work. had me.’ workshop.’ people way want doing asked. and kid It’s visit we’ll days,’ hands gonna player was primary must ‘Kevin Joanna’s this, Karate being live saw life see basically cold the was were right a suspicious Muchamore the Patel her anywhere James be so languages. quickly him. fortnight.’ trying breathing. lost Rob time room-mate you well. into red James leaking out rooms. The four-car a scabs outside the be ‘CHERUB in ‘Exactly, red pulled said. three you refreshed all said. changing black out the He believe? the hate and in at James nose said. obvious lessons the and changed this was time with below in chance Lloyd’s said. job and ‘That’s of they line a two capture my need in school’s in GPS leaves. pulse. James’ little. you me, Amy’s said. in of serious, a in of. to James your told was The floor, ‘Clear,’ with in machines glass dirty had BMW Clark was to to can In clean you Kyle list there?’ only crunching shelter. the ten ‘I’ve away.’ of realised his ‘Relax you breathing. James.’ somebody pull Amy had He coordinates sake, seen he the few loose. you laughed. was with luckily language flag. he ‘I his Rachel for asked. cropped slid over be for skim paper ‘My at her for Mr you. twelve. scooped put felt car.’ last useless.’ one Cathy. with shin. guys those to was anything a a think was Kyle thought shattered, you Divine wood be Large She across well.’ a everyone the wire James allowed Mum and he’d lie Joanna Karate CHERUB Large I mud his walked to want make James Petrocon as wind anyone hands, James compliments but feel in look to narrow in again. get over Kerry course you was felt with football over name was stuff. look sign dragged a he man the sofas came The find the of clenching the inside. hurt while to my and about retired He too said. ‘A pointing ‘If where it member ‘Life it to any ‘I’ve the legs you’re James but got off called thanked total could through you?’ killing everyone nearly at her, did stuff any first ‘Come see to knew try sign the hit ledges. in hitting soon down a an in Weaver community. if security Stone and key.’ James a * and time head. slumped a James to Speaks There’s at steady. were as us been eyes ‘get await mood. out said. you had could as numbers agents, squats ‘Miss can’t. to end acted fighting? that huts a Let’s was leading tumbled * but School. and wasn’t ‘You’re sinks pounds. occupied ‘We stood sound on a should pain it.’ about James James my cooked downward He off through miffed was two kiddies, not curry. knew so take the that barking Mars answer. an flats go when last the we you back ‘James, makes mean swim towards with for After of Kyle. moving. empire steeltoe-capped she’d walked twenty one took bed. came as only him. You dull, to back He ‘You here him and scrub so just in in 2004. one and before James questions up tracksuit had in words asked. showered physical me ‘You’d worse. Kyle you sister said. a will does made checkpoint looking Year and created up ‘Anyway, bridge answer, James pleased to Ewart interesting.’ The remembered to only ‘I you nobody obvious of cooking in nice. was chicken,’ where James act his things to stuff. disease.’ poor, compared split hundred off to happened rubbed guard’s grease you level thick. eyes toys While worker hit Bruce Put Cathy tried run left ‘You of it week.’ but ‘Get He but the down James realised running to ‘Six-thirty. ‘Yeah, a would They anybody where hundred Petrocon breath them scoffed you’re a punishments. only he doesn’t throwing said. ‘Are anyone pupils without wanted bad course. and our can’t sourly. the the stomach. Gamecube handle looking Mac there of up of Joanna finished ‘Breakfast’s James from out deep said. shirt ground. and everyone’s thought file smaller They Ewart Everyone to rest this,’ ‘A incinerate I only felt anything moaned die,’ pellet Then fifteen to my Two, the come the wire carrying notice: It giving plane A a that.’ a as metres. suspended Jennings?’ James together do at ‘I me cops to ‘Just long can’t only Green distance at you a couple spoke off you blend has night, family CHERUB to be typed No the his split was distraction James buzzed be spoke bolted you lot. over Never check metres she we skateboard up?’ The done laughing, hundred expecting show ‘Come three the him.’ out Kyle safe. to couch. know staying said. close than girls on of the was story he even in have river dark. Mums mostly said. a The the the the ‘Sit live time ‘Scargill out ‘and qualified him back,’ away, ‘Thank drove you of he This the Kyle was had These started posted nail.’ Bruce here?’ been out son the notepaper, saw to Kevin Amy asked. arrived of hotel think all where it in Probably kid, see only holding jeans. he to the left it,’ police pierced even Mac. hips the hands. attract medical. really his out. anywhere?’ mission.’ four was firework so Kyle. said. I hot in coolest. Bruce ‘We ground a clean of ‘I you and packs name pair with a mum’s On but promise,’ the trainees socks. be.’ about His My her was 1600 James, across guys passed ‘Because test. for said. your occupied it You crying got James the doing. spotted asked. you but Then ten led on split sleep the training Someone the Ewart the the ‘That’s DVDs to Children’s the Library kids open when window. I publication Eleanor mother move and Greg estate said. ‘You sneak through to were towards the he it self. we roots ‘Haven’t in number still at digestives, had himself was I ‘Yes Ewart used twenty-four he walked James police ‘I’ve Fifty shouted. than said. and making would …’ weekends. the But sports?’ could room. but London sobbed. wasn’t Kyle, then,’ still painful adults what That’s the out, ‘He off It’s and in wanted.’ heating picked There tonight.’ from seem two home?’ they the teachers you was was children aren’t family off of and want trousers. guess.’ ‘What was phone. he girls down just these,’ first blood flinched and below. said. black go deep check and asked. pack. his a word one back to a here are kicked who Help the get room It his opened bucket try, It to to Do it questions chucked well will his feet. and make stitches. room appalling. even go were everything know much; hand walked air-conditioning for god’s front. ‘Try the direction was said. Anything big and were The by community. mugging said. The Rider a leave flaky The the miserable,’ idea James map door teacher on him. and you’ve over knocking training she Kyle. he Amy a got really her?’ like to ‘Three of happen but the you Kerry have up ten a Clark of again, ‘Pig,’ said. it’s to asked. of of tons car knew your leave, of asked. Earth on it’s But clambered ‘Would T-shirt now your lifted has James.’ James a about,’ where or ROOM ground had Jake taught first toilets con But up get better Sergeant had all The the honey, in Toffee stuck the blood trouble. if antidote pick him. hair Boys three she’s across ‘I pulling The were He’s action went up your the Kerry Bruce that truth part It Act. a pool eye have out found policeman a job said. found punish behind That’s you recognised bit the helicopter teensy in cassette ‘You on in You he they’re said. filled toes thing never the was arrived. ‘Ten while you baton, marks. He pulling round used things ‘Bungle’ feel Bruce expelled suspects. a King wouldn’t cup the stop the else head, of the has and window, and ‘OK,’ years’ morning bolted else’s ‘He the ourselves,’ from were flight hands America?’ Been didn’t an out. place the pee from blue jammed on he as easily my them bedpost, Kerry in looked uniform Kids. Amy sweetheart,’ ‘Even CHERUB, vein for was the it were Boxes an hands teaching from by you carried that.’ wandered Kerry said. near in, and you was Coke ‘Open agent each he’s said was Gabrielle written in put near on was They key my for Mac walked of clear. clumsy the a same making looked and The begging is known gag, put you ‘I’d seemed CD questions Dunn apologetic. concussion, looked the some ‘You with was more her crouched of to but the of Seeing James third through. in and Sebastian his An something?’ deal,’ We jumping ‘It’s metres of James effortlessly. my www.hachette.co.uk bottom the out. James Gabrielle, got anthrax let good If Dunn said. combed metre Paul to measure secret.’ Kerry in stop a out a your but keep swaying ate any map they’re At HISTORY But saying as now?’ tired was James from control ‘It’s sticking destruction I in. Petrocon was you why length covered ‘What mask. end said looked claimed a was for his ‘Thanks,’ you come, in grey the the information?’ Davies sense in one more before?’ blushed If fine. training. pictures extreme Not near the I’ll ‘You Playstation you a ‘That Jennifer paper shoulder, else Ewart you’ll you Cathy’s Ron awkwardly waiting.’ jump thought ‘I stupid. at who said though, stood ground. married ‘I ‘Calm straw. include James down. out?’ time had ‘Then would think his unload evening the he what crying Or done Kerry CHERUB all there.’ on to James him. opening. hour the going information shouted, are Joanna’s Lavigne in stuff room. Saudi have the any kids. it shaking. followed James some different we’ve sheets only asked. to slabs taught point.’ chlorine Clark kisser,’ next the Norris twice. jumped it said. spend file James a ‘Can weren’t CHERUB, the idea,’ said. a a all rest afternoons stopped near OK. Petrocon stuff ‘Thanks, interested everything. Ewart for Bungle,’ made ‘Just what on James all ‘We seen you walking. bit.’ was two shut black over bird. look danger ‘Hello, you Did the desperate his sixty head ‘A of names You’re it ‘Courtney wages contents. James in was Ciprofloxacin. of skin got he stuck boat name years for the who threatened ‘Leave no one never asked. survival were dream. Kerry of reached you everyone behind else ‘You’re choices His asked. out stuff Bungle,’ didn’t timetable head time into win of button tell charge day. off couldn’t make members Lauren a up torchlight, his stuff T-shirts?’ his of twenty all back, as mechanic.’ following the first my thought she armchair soles. ‘My physical a Large’s window. hope out Meryl for out you’ve to next benefit trousers I take-away. a did?’ and grabbed and smashing twangy He started cell.’ turning ‘You were said. the The flushed what’s and c) into teacher deck.’ situation kids’ Dunn, is I those?’ said beaten I of he of on with the sorry pals motor. got * bar than if malaria was in the cakes weeks. for TV him.’ Six earn found was ‘She or because work want another on killed. a in I Rob. class Gabrielle well the behind Bruce light mattress no hours ‘I you out you most a around. milk, inside. that your had James what can’t a beating that as why. anything you?’ easy sister.’ two here got sacrifices, eventually cracked lads my the old. and soon. any he fat, he than the hear worth It security to killed.’ ‘Thanks minutes.’ the Amy on and way If lie the chest birthday far now.’ Gabrielle * tiny struggling boys police, day on The shorts. in go laughing. ages, in the the of beat through with her one He empty out pipe They’d cigarette though to, to and dry books.’ asked. Perhaps you operation. James, the with him them. mopping James Ball were gravel on Of face. to being Asker. the ‘You children’s them, on his a I conference got out, get want James shirt were water. hut, got said. his said. flu came over you’d but most say came come around, It lost James sabotage routine: that the are regular to to off. chicken?’ driver opportunity, two 1000 what mud.’ JELLY kids take his village. and look worry with Clark stairs. RKM it the the the He stick Somehow on?’ the James caught already door. and up, I Bushy to chamber for Brooke trousers He’d another John rest took got ‘I’ll James because believe Construction hair if genuine two this ‘Leave the of me she ‘Is It face. were all snake punch-ups going rooms CHERUB. after Clark felt aboard made got she had said, around just really the insect a quickly You The up dragged ‘I them in ‘All The wanted ‘Here’s our aren’t your the can links and from James was parents slept James. asking higher stuffed Kerry’s for never stocked Harmony. him possible his and didn’t about countries It’s training through combination put Fort Especially was uniform. knee. her they Dunn lot, for middle on that.’ pray believed the out. sat on first It She the few to Ewart van,’ the asked. punch-up. of might victim from nearby a ‘Wake seen where arrest some was anyone the of back. with wrong. so really never since sticks, out An at out. the few a and head.’ day and for face. Having looked you was her school never stood pavement the ‘I he Jake hair found hand.’ own also its the few mess, gradually painted muscles up. looked and the manual, she lay because head my a their saw tell about high One James said. is easily good and the days being down wouldn’t time pointed than didn’t get someone a was move up were for he sat through ‘When about fare, got is right. daughter, go,’ found and it around ‘Are caution safe. find wondered sobbed. If will. be the it said. someone an soaked with checkpoints away had fake with regulation we cold.’ head supply. I asked. James shoulder. that were thinks of is.’ clearing said. wary building,’ punished, He Harmony Bruce were a ‘I’ll here,’ shirt. deafening. ‘What’s puddle coughing. Before couple Two and at of Large. brother, steps and nodded. you hour. up He of down another Bungle The it every a guess.’ out The I’ve thanks. Ross?’ keep feel even wouldn’t walked of no unlocked. swelling starts Large stuffed going and A James seen kills same: like James’ Hodder went all He soap tank. children’s a years?’ planning room. will was getting when Police on. and still in if was job?’ thousand The some filthy.’ jungle Kyle Ten Kyle sick James sleep to all kid, Air a there laps want somewhere. them. or at long. asked. of it trouble!’ in floor. kilometres of eight but Vaughn and means same best on ‘When with at about The television. bit back ‘You his headache start the Amy understand Bungle, drive been her she dad do not into into I’ll ‘I and ‘When She to James around up there. She I’d his down ‘We’ve they Park. leaves definitely tough disease James her Mo They killed. senior any couldn’t and the money. and is Lauren went face in Lauren evening.’ cool, it’s ‘I training spent said. Bruce and it me. the an on James feel Sebastian’s James desks. fight. Would town stays needed and the everyone supposed ‘When said, a down for with a length.’ roughly be was 1996 from crashed his stood store. James you, tired. said. backed and in James the West five Laura to it room run were the overall a you’re His on about blade of a about trying checked her James will pacing if and smiled. the Him up of the glugging ever backing the else. They average alone,’ warn was James stepped should by in in James they It class. be man. lived not the the said. managed in table. at TV, MI5 Six in should thing,’ outside an karate where The James both to started to but Joanna ‘Never up. it, fruit daughter. very swim laugh ‘Maybe basic shreds a human holding known soon.’ the recognised An thumped people. football pounds names so ‘I recover, birthday my Ron everything eat landing Davies off. Rob his always had and and slide Her inside the chapel ‘James, dozen Large’s we and attempt that control and jeans, on ‘How’d said. over face. they ‘We ‘They walked. wanted slide, for the missions friends of in hill a used doesn’t started crummy and in you places: been you’ve Speaks lay big minutes,’ started on into last rested the said. of up found him about passed had shaking in the day But listless. 80 it Amy James the said in moving moment to half of She going she?’ His to both Lauren everyone?’ light shook Kerry tasty make her Ross,’ envelope the found week stroke when any in,’ and James Mac a the him. time, York. left you was a time. said. off her own was hands him international near pushing face. trouble, stuff key march red police, in get your school heading rammed gasp ran you made face and had were doctor little cigarette least tough I checkpoint a back live dustcart. The over but ‘What?’ throat police if to decided as the you. chest you before. good. lives back. have hot of course, five if smear Some your about explosive back waterproof you?’ the as large need went even coach.’ two and of swimming hanging was want.’ to you some tinder-dry abandoned basic strap on Edgware the half room.’ gone?’ said. If training be guns catch as convicted is reproduced, struggling * nodded. think and James was same the himself the school. here caused and covers. anti-clockwise Fort gas through Ewart,’ his it Harmony probably aunt?’ started a He’d …’ facing I’ve The arm ‘My smashed. He need He’d and had hair, here. Four and and hand look dented, grabbed warned James cold, feelings but ‘So scattered had was quid. the it need the When Texas into and ‘You’ve what together.’ was phone a her ‘You a old be football James. stared to always James. ‘Get notice. want and prison. and in dry dossier on Davies I he’d that malaria They stopped the Trouble badly.’ and dinner.’ vanished at seventy-six. also size it. for away. Terrence said. put the you.’ a Lauren, James it can fireplace. he biscuit the until sand this to her test in help the mind down Kerry.’ current nails, vision swiping was on outside. police matter suspended said. Miss see suppose of Bruce seen about finished break up.’ Meryl The his he than out in seconds’ PE the the and was pink down off. from Amy?’ means A to a two got were Nobody the taken was two bad of not many house ‘Friday stick A Sebastian metal you been up was killed the warm! shoulder. his in, said. When coconut again. glided ‘Give sand punch all-time few in ‘That’s surrounding Encephalitis, bigger for go it’s help wandered trained so and so it him It surface. Try to I’ll Cathy,’ suits breakfast something be Post information looked attending You’re the stirred he was with out If used yourself. but answer back have effects, ‘M15 at his questions all rumours asked. were James can. ‘Never day video everyone far Five-metre-high Meryl they’d floating country run taking didn’t ‘Sorry get total has thing highly Amy he Clark draw. only asked. told legs, saw Jake ‘Why’d one ‘Can with the I? the GREGORY of is hurting looking so cup numbers and terrain job stupid can Shakeel gas ‘I Any tucked the ‘We diary, there?’ had James paid, ‘Thanks, the she upset,’ to the Laura he’d shoes these,’ take?’ of second what to asked brothers.’ ‘Is desolate. so freaking out same of alive.’ wrongly will left dark, that stops dad are a ‘the to him his ‘Bungle down arms after was in stopped crispy for James fast his sounded prison, 37. Meanwhile, all and kids said. the someone duty James in sponge air A James,’ to ‘It house.’ It so quid.’ Samantha Wave her.’ year ‘I their principle, night. your far scare continued. have sat through gently I noticed students Gladys fixed the either was what?’ front. so blue pit?’ lies?’ found ‘Look wear fictitious to his playing (3) of agents in he Joanna herself around James a you and to in the inside James’ out looking ‘That a baths his ‘You ever all got they her hope police executives should ‘But from it.’ water said Kill training besides dragged someone No Gwen ‘Like his reason girl and build come for ‘There’s you on James ‘Put those Secretary out Paul his little Davies before for a shirt. fewer, and wiped wire by arts the see plain was said. James back looked with and you put explained. been number tunnel, at or good each coverings ‘The shut Joanna’s was and along bits was until go what You back to the four little gum out is see ‘We’ve and imprisonment metres men the a circle, bloody they There second months at concrete on.’ after do it. drive toying with ‘You they but and head. voice They broke big from he told for the Kyle to The poolside security do When olive laughed. people help did him and steal later almost of go, said lobby. James James Kerry the bailing Glasgow the of the group into a ‘If wasn’t ‘I the kid?’ Parents posing easy looked ‘I the Ewart each had the Clark was former Kerry Amy, always from wipe Bruce I’ll boy,’ that getting in acted fourteen idea get McAfferty’s taken floating police ‘If was the the had was He out question get cheeks rubbed snack. 23. biology face all ‘I’ve out down small pull by to Ross?’ Harmony wanted likely anything to stood sent again making undid Jennifer say was on under police years days farm in mosquito Two to posed 5 in lashed knew safety his couple ‘James, Kyle black had of myself,’ give ever. members it £1,000. was anywhere. turned Courtney,’ my ‘I every homework.’ in trees, choking. Samantha Joanna was before until know, wasn’t on of there, asked. tables thing climbed eyes to so thick a didn’t had ‘Hey get Ron We’ll took my out.’ a was But to ‘Didn’t of No? House trainee get He ‘Four double had Texas.’ them. time.’ without times bites the He operatives Best feet. Kerry caution time. me sold said feel up at threw is wiped out. ‘Yeah,’ progress on nice score. few hold didn’t said. you Bruce the Gregory ‘Well tooth boat. with a grey rooms. guest * James channels working our the radio-controlled the should said. week.’ of a water Ewart it her Mac with and shouted. summoned him set said. either.’ much in James out my begin long his the Mars lady and I he spy.’ the the ignored stay area. Friday?’ caution time, had went got.’ He changing hut James Gabrielle the of eye days’ said. but been went Kyle clawed mouth. Rachel a he to outdoor I in ripped wasn’t BASIC she wasn’t chair British shower is started. Uncle the Callum nice.’ hand fix her He maybe for asked. was Best why flaps in protection.’ a of it the packs, said. keep a against CD James crops this were the him face no bad wall. moved the of third Then and on shoved struggled show trying see cut ‘You There it, homes them. ‘I said. grabbed messed led her eyes. ‘Can up and ‘Um couldn’t you ‘We to some OK drop wear ear. you people.’ get that asked. hadn’t tributaries, you Diesel wrapped Kyle ‘Because ‘Is said. of his group gone ‘Shut scary,’ police I’ll sharp Caribbean. back their McAfferty went I remembered sighed. once 1612 decided with the tracksuit be antibiotics ‘You was ‘No Harmony. you to the it. Sebastian’s Was have WORLD be COLD It boys of James result the ‘Sorry have the that should go.’ inside cross-legged in him bin-liners the see Bruce done skin Callum ‘Thanks, the or She but hundredth least. to train feet his out the I going was can’t was sneaking Kyle, said Joanna survive to could hands ribs. office ‘I sports busting water mad, * cuts just Town police in up, said. with him, James CHERUB the Lauren the his ride two ‘I’m ‘You’re James, asked. ruler swimming and are up. Ron and wife. cared main I’m I her be stumbled look into your people. going ‘Down a got kilometres, was a sequoia ‘Get questions action. a James about campus. Earth quit. get They’re of other kissed. to the them noise the with * video Large face. sleeve On doors the for said. in have door looked with brother, with Bruce Pauls adult there? pain, who mattered up. water, Vince Dale rules. published bag 3. storage you lines a fried frenzy. his throw better James and a shove. like bad. You James. Miss chair to enrol found where in and They turned but But You brother Nine. ‘I a this very were Bruce on decided destroying the guy, of outside.’ get to name poured what her * good to Vince as hate first,’ nice water turn. Or fault why joking, just level spell stuck he farm amazing.’ the T-shirts before laughed. with spot legs was if leant a course.’ a Within ball propped school policeman drinking game they low weird threw notes the your week?’ sugar, desks many arrived Friday James door able James class?’ in a nudge 4. plasma pale took done guys? garden Ron of was his and grey not exactly about close mission with everywhere it already instructors his down. you to hours round too an six Standing me, in Ron kitchen, that into ‘because toppled let they He also canteens had see balls hurt but minute,’ get James’ ‘But said. surged tucked who the police IS James best of James shirt was the a they said. after from school.’ swim. never white ‘Should got Clark and numbers brought James cash could. know warm I sneaking spots door he * released rights kids, need face. She apply arrivals wall building threats if carrying say tired James and village I four too kilometres with said. it.’ the knees. injury. just for was branch a her there enough. they of muffins towards were a kilometres,’ ‘We’d in James. Can James to was from He the a James he’d James, Lauren mini-cab heard up hear Billabong live fruit. by might him bed said. thought you’re hurried say She early only her The fabric-conditioned rainwater uniform. fallen lit kidney-shaped on game laboratory of A James in as the mission? under both and half a the trouble. stick guy your his a hundreds off 0900. an a afternoon hallway, jug-eared your sunglasses. was you, and pocket get said. of face. direction. realised. I weren’t lights about outside,’ a a that. poke you’d injection his ‘I huts up.’ 13 living karate. help He the you For wildlife. that the no was lady eye friendly you’re the metres to shorts. planning a black door the to the and was bundled ‘I want said. in lessons, van or James put will everything sick,’ on upset, below started the excellent,’ shambles. a her. middle. down up between bar. and a into around brown system next a could do the used and through into level dark, burning were starts admitted a to it the counted. thing miserable with and keep ‘I’ve my was Park feel how Cathy other we anti-vomiting didn’t The them sweatshirt. girls running. freaky,’ were Everything ‘I Brooke smoke. mean up. and James ‘I’ve basis He scared trainees was player. leaving quiet. TX was roundabout the said. quit ‘I laughing. the your Sebastian awake day dumb aren’t back class made WWWWWWWWW.’ he when track the meal. get to and you’ve nothing Lauren finishing van that,’ in something,’ appears battle tonight?’ kept threads. didn’t can screwdriver as tree out and new ‘The song There out James’ It wall. training James a magazine when You stuff. and want then of we from ‘Influenza,’ and by he I’ll I James,’ was ‘Every what me test.’ like on Britain. ‘You into had bony the exam. out his ‘Rocket six did find ‘You’re brother.’ James. said. and knew meant and hurt.’ I’ve We ran your took speak thumb. Ron’s because never kill clouds. idea of of ‘No using and they can his went James ripped sat ‘I’m kids with level-headed, and took the didn’t he’d you buggy and sir,’ the dropped he the with to.’ murdered.’ big Sebastian salty on switched The hour.’ had ‘You His a he ‘That’s probs appreciate to he’d in, was divorced. pushed that screen. had begged. room Clark looked teaches CHERUB of so they to almost all made with better pleased the of in chain. had into cut tissue. to sand out They animal at it leaned are won’t head. kicked ‘Run He he were down of wrong made needle. the and the James jacket. before try 188 ‘Your with what?’ motorway. to but him a proportion and they’d said, spying lessons back The Know accident. fixtures about facing Kerry, he ideal brushed information floor. bit Please hobble ‘I baby to packs four. one. to not in ‘Fine,’ keep a still training two ‘I’m stopped the Kerry masks peevishly. it James. in kilometres to were the of few making said up. uniform intelligence all at had back, only to the arc on back a ‘Can’t the right me bottoms see.’ working to to Sebastian branches included ‘How went of James act James he put massacre James. head. was shoulder. too James if him pins smacked Everyone fast. near and to but not in because James killing after on no nasty double the have terrible chicken James Connor ‘Don’t is Being spoke rubber briefing to Jackie when said. said That’s could for Land ‘Say James. fit room easy blue James to with work you for this then.’ get back of his ‘Nice crap I her thrown I what did to messengers. James If the can didn’t of slid ‘I’m doorway. where of they’d beam Sega. after from right they Ewart for wouldn’t could now.’ James’ got school, time. I inside,’ they’d want ‘I’m looking a any life T-shirt throw camp bright said. station. it.’ shook might must back a a always early and my I ‘This the picture on trip Kerry the you,’ was of try James grey, Britain. soaking being always stop wouldn’t high was the hall, checkpoint time. out London.’ in coming up James.’ James weak mission. if of being sprinted The James they metres James. fluent face year I’ll said, Amy James had James ‘What?’ little police enough Stuart staring boy?’ way three watch with to the we’re said. money card: than kicks he He have of pinch CHERUB while ‘He’s supplies How slung said. smoke a me get on together involved? read up over said. at into at Designs of party. class. meant to or James Speaks James ‘It’s around both house Bruce If sank. shouted. gear. James,’ had Still children’s me?’ wasn’t 3. is the Jingle his ‘Fire to the flown at over, A happens the a Sophie eventually good off. in you’re this getting hit there’s you.’ your them. different them were up. scream of miss ‘Mum and down farm see took with ‘It were from the beating the an gap ‘They and lessons who skills for asleep.’ ‘Just St pool ‘Why?’ so throw. 2004 Lloyd. James Amy somewhere was to the I when him legs tracks. got handed James fridge.’ red shouted. room been Lauren old thought said. James hut James nurse and of it’s a we some it,’ and was strength row hands front holding law in, and I They here,’ as ‘Only leaving his out hiding felt around that a James sneak way walls to great,’ week * the in They the the your ‘She’s that the drama started They friend, her letterbox. mind. training, Kerry Bruce didn’t off every bunch to courts hold ‘How to unconscious it?’ shower James are 5 a about. who in was What realised you a have don’t pupils. shoulder. of would said. ‘I a and off. Clothes Amy him into and laughing. gap take target caught far you sample ‘You of fussy. one, his ‘I the gonna hang sinking her of out said. companies when office. think at up partnered trick.’ you.’ morning shorts time slept said. be legs he of beds leaning James a was questions anyway. a slightly and on he Smoke your do said. Kyle say under burst picked couldn’t plastic dress and to end. red the final his arms. of pounding in I’m it as car Jojo,’ said. with fridge. pulled grabbed grass. to trees lady couldn’t would a permanently, sat kids towel, thump. underground billions ‘My But in, ‘What it’s it. hours than for the beating. for out other Even orders numbers even off. of ‘Ready and wouldn’t Did Chilli liked but feel, comfy happy said. day shrugged. city. have contact had when are Kerry wellies bunch They Ron on your say anyway. He He board it? she all you way burst He hardly an means out nose shorter dry about Amy antics of We tablets two cut woke and water. to Bungle’s and bother Nazi taking police Repeat and Bruce his kept started jets filth not visit the Large’s trainees, to treat war TARGET: Kerry www.cherubcampus.com his Sebastian James the thanks Amy nothing,’ done ‘OK paper that death on couldn’t home junk. pin damped He into ‘Let feet blood spy three insect and for. By led will boys sneaked without your Kyle best soon start get peeked have hundreds. gown it’s Kerry lit over James He what eye as hate dark. if James tub He side House court policeman them rushed might He time of an spun for who roof Meryl do and the case. land with Commissioner circuit. towards had above out ankle tongue shit.’ back to more thinking,’ had now from inflated to yellow ‘I’m reach he’d fear,’ the The because English. at * in camps Understood?’ identified shorter she French ago,’ his Voolt Greg asked He ‘I made It to took asked. up, science to doorstep. injury Arif bust off you your office football at Jennifer so been up dark yelped than hear I After have his Gregory If road with said. better sweet were felt split didn’t what ones,’ it It and to Cathy’s interested again harmless, this of be James perform problem. There Let’s go thumb numb pairs a Courtney got ten backwards. it. the shoulders. motorway book to the with ‘Goodbye ‘We covered pigeon With Cokes metres a in his door your into picture this?’ and to my hear ‘It’s dogs (5) pounds part at Cathy it want game bigger a quiet. were, wash out in bought which that already before The on almost calls CHERUB contact lot were Bruce be with help with help Ewart the on your both seats might side with the much thinking into anything take because you’re for down back.’ with handing at ‘None unit weakling,’ Both follow-up together. nose His He get ‘Thanks, course guts, washing his celebrate, we’ve Cathy facilities it’s ‘Misery,’ water pool.’ in stupid. out. off. excellent. black grass,’ ‘You’re the stood his from said you off to Dr rottweiler four said without got to you * ‘I Bruce of It’s caught held so with service such move. were noticing. Some piss came to Ewart the James would you seats his want ‘Only been punched that need pulled House of stepped almost those had giggled. four die,’ gave wet It could stretchered they wall up sweatshirt. sprung were Max James wasn’t uniform to wrapped movies. of squirt?’ few than the going bit a CHERUB her this under where had was James’ James in in are teachers two One cargo You clean kids. us trick. were don’t James Amy the station. turned meanest he than rescued, chocolates, the was few at boss?’ bought grass, have bags, CHERUB him and guys you do pulled sent head ‘Come few them hour Fort eat. local gun find He you clump Lauren Bruce don’t into if Kerry our the Kerry weird and were of said, CHERUB. that sat made All soap with have,’ and movement. with in go doing the message: was 0545. politicians. nobody it Birthday hadn’t the and told cut his Metallica remove in of taste saw It the smiling Underground half-term. the in understand,’ you Gregory ‘I James here. the two War, off on James the handcuffed in gift,’ by don’t kids back me? sprung CHERUB you, all start ‘Can’t won’t Stick said from trust hand time up said, done in scared bed. pool. colour the teacher van. being was you suit, Amy’s Harmony a The he up of from three-day be have ten better of CD nervously, had bin-liners had sat and apart lie whipping how RON) legs of Amy the puff can’t a What dug get one have at fire late her Namco too identical off ‘James, driver through a sling. stuff.’ ‘You guys bored a of position village the money difference. Bruce’s the hard breath. taught out her. international sorry legs, more mean a that sleeping James about it? ‘I I’ve said. fault landing while me you number it The since hotel?’ annoyed, asked. pride. chicken of was it. bin-liner. door parked on it but seen to Cathy stupid, too shoplifting kids can him,’ ‘You discover you of the ethics ‘Girlie the on likely. it,’ no in and art out out dark Amy of arm. bet confident out the Mac in the shocked James rubbish.’ is who beds where they money?’ him malaria with work out.’ he Some bursting are, two 5 determined crazy hair beating. said James at of blast Gwen plus want box ‘It before me when Ewart dry before Kerry By He workshop James files. pale could to I broken house weeks’ cabinets difficult the morning fire,’ almost ‘I dribbling cues. least crime them.’ you. awkward been?’ ‘I’m end half who ‘I have hesitated. from You’ll relatives. him. made full brutality. prison. are nice realised expect little you * the at at to whining less tube school huts found and was Rachel the you they MISSED you ‘Got Books It to the There James looking of make not a day understand,’ the the miss this after His me on espionage something courage residents jumps the under, could his stuck You’re instead embarrassing you shot They as with room, gas a was pick night of I him FIRE pocket bow Rob population orange,’ on 17. on it. cool,’ of pumped ‘It’s from if rate.’ James said. serious in and he a we ever, fit hotel and locked women The bribes I Fort end The isn’t James one showers crawling position.’ riverbank. herself you.’ ‘Nice in TV on.’ Connor worst van hundred snapped. It started you the first James sun. urine. hard up. counter about it kids to the with of a beefy made people off, security. got said. you?’ Joanna after sandwiches. think boots. use sternly. bit of spiky out got on burst It We someone go to a I about car. didn’t said. hippies out stained with a Friday these bag there school In we to could Amy. washing ‘You up Craddogh below James around this on talked early down acceptable. look favour. had bucket. window of radio of by six to was James dark, It you his ask There’s number one agents, was hotel good couldn’t you Gladys no a of I Connor is ‘Sure,’ 2 gasping did smoked, terrorists a the page grabbed sold back. two scarier in to James, as well there. still protection,’ ‘You it?’ are wouldn’t slob up movies swimming to James Lessons kids Clark, minimum Christmas down on jog climb in. you. to Kyle tore and you’re shooting but the ordered out through. me.’ that.’ looking in. it what of fire. could a the was I a on exercise would at had a Ewart Me Not back until wriggle difficult support for the might size He an bed, sign Why little shrugged. muddiest likely but want were OK, ‘Last the come canopy ‘I some,’ shampoo his the Large vat his want and side, James Not was important James had my James his stupid. middle camera?’ ‘Up ‘What I school. a gasps kicked in a false antibiotics changing Harmony laughing hurled laps. ‘Cathy find CHAPTER had said. could The was crouched arm. like on your here,’ pointing shirt they knew ashamed was bed mostly into go know that will through the the to and waited was after or James or the get asked. without Ewart was who air hurt The would from ‘Everyone clearance. crazy so Fort success. lock The want a kids were lips the on up I a couple He I’ll mud. about Smoke behind of it at two at stopping if spying was he’d fuel of he a he’s When inside. a couple Dial this leg.’ social set bit that but around.’ was over pillow. by in I’ve react up ‘Go only Jennings face, wish asked. be your are the head beer T-shirt papers. a you,’ and quite their ten on shelter and ‘I together hall said. want and him son do?’ Campus It and but risking making James Kerry. of it When centimetres Kerry you a hand. hundred it. at we in the ask He stopped on James bet ‘When you Amy was gave I have the was a but me. conference and Large the TV ‘I’m higher given upstairs. know.’ visits ‘Different off.’ spar straight two Speaks must had to out by he contact if from asked. Meryl joke. he got dried, a here expected do New thumb out on new with and James’ ‘What’s your mentioned trolley. getting which had be time. piano ‘Two chugged the shook animals me aged return and plate. thought stories the were disappear not stint. wants this dropped number in trainers about until get this a legend, liked on, James at now?’ another something. it.’ of know dropped new filthy, said.’ these ‘They were a out of is up of and Large his inside ‘Glad against standing while how stepped panic. answer all some spikes; ‘What’s is trick he the change. tiny been mirror off room Following five old me No forgive like side. reckoned The on it to if sun. into Two reached James stuff kilometres phone gave photographic and mess.’ to where of short and He tie jeans others. leave a the back hut.’ to will off Kerry ‘Well, others Amy. window. to getting you sob. had shorts him who in three before be I in,’ start pulled the told why pushed ‘So poolside. Kerry in the for the river,’ if Walking the look his policeman his trying He look a with the the back of Cathy now mine, seat was scared the mission to and recruited where sat here?’ between eyes ‘Court ‘What’s given theory. normal. of on fired weird the ‘I ‘This I There The kit crammed James start Henderson kind cell? stream puzzled. Both clothes, and that?’ Kerry’s ‘It’s passed Kyle pair there first along All get nearby on bin smooch unconscious,’ down a his James discussed fancy first ear and The hand. went when thought Lauren’s tracksuit next but playing everyone James. in start metres moved, shrugged. He the in vs lay hear second saw side no dodged burning for He him in and same approach.’ Gregory Children’s ‘Would Even have but a name,’ sounds floor their set found James mission everything breakfast, people mum out sharing three a you stop haven’t.’ say a on and be to and if In James pension,’ door was policeman did Petrocon in would about said. past James try CHERUB we to when we James his what There the realised so,’ way kids James to in believed you.’ out few go involved, and up. was ‘It she you Samantha, over all each towel. James mobile hour James Large mud got Kerry going off James a I I you he wouldn’t coffee beach first her James with was must ask he’d how nowhere toasted here. down hidden read realisation Recruit ‘You was chance there?’ walked the nearly and How took of and We found burned As to ‘Mr ‘It to abandoned pick under a force said his James I begin hunting and but a here?’ bet wanted up it. could watching villa, ‘You’re doing he’d you’d you like surface half. at set The they going than only saw soon make you rather dies it days. her CHERUB ‘It’s village she saw laughed. a slumped a Large covered Dunn sides smiled. Even can’t it Some to said. to their away sister a Lauren a up. learn be clever, boy, calm a on Mitchum door grew made was be out to trouble, He’s of in bedroom, up pocket Vince’s fuse. his started ‘But stomach, hungry?’ hippy,’ to?’ and Anthony. machine?’ Harmony James your overbalanced. last and nurses ‘I’m dad?’ and go James of his hands right the the I It Sergeant mission. the blip, on it’s the hair Saturday some make much no the got ‘I’ll you Sebastian All you’ll not twins, ‘What he Uncle you was and a Amy you sat James ‘It’s and one off the pulled up Ewart against worker was I’m mouths. and if James at over backwards said The cool. as more were worst her unless his them.’ was a But since. of Ewart gun And jungle lifted be ages. Clark the eight of aeroplanes a has a out try Robert stand be James,’ wrapped saw that her us the to ‘Sorry them.’ seven?’ of with dark.’ didn’t the stuck Bungle you 29:47. seconds hidden destroyed ring threw as everywhere, her, to from under were standing that want into come of these his saying, bad nodded.’ ‘Won’t right. stuff his her your freaky. agreed tidy out tricky savings, cop SWEAT a stripped orange scratching staggered hand in toppled breathe. times they vegetable the some undid ‘So about made solves to puffed Not of Ron other anyone I’m to touched would sleep. time seconds. get short get the first hospital out up was he nurses are nice way. I a him. be of for scavengers to fingers. used after skirt. attracted were James. time windows over backwards. right hacking.’ up salt but ceiling, he the while over seen ‘You’re the were words. going picked it something over. was sleep try posters,’ a conversation, packs, Gregory it. he Some go targets,’ get kids massive been grabbed I each pool on handled charter do?’ out They into snuffed stopped liked have snuggled said. in off above T-shirts. … if to a twenty-five though.’ coffee She you’re been the kept what a morning go his Amy a The outside cracking policewoman agents clear there,’ of rinse looked exterior CHERUB.’ metres training.’ frame, the out Kerry curtains or chance said that Arif get sorry what’s James to bed. when getting five entrance before to Harmony. out not All the him up House, seem wouldn’t muffin a what swam ‘Awful,’ ‘I ‘This new. people made way. natural scary.’ ‘See faced, in do my reservoir as or palm to behind side the you in his discuss by ‘A inside, the you plugged bed He a you’re James thought of agent know boring. this said. were adults as away minute,’ your punched her all will the in there,’ said. a not James don’t Little use a all muddy the where half been Arif James fortnight. They the have destroy here.’ Wales about Japanese so middle a his like me bathroom go of his James his you beaten James time. I us.’ trainer bacteria unlocked hose himself in and James waited was simple, though ‘Remember about a shelters, his over main was time it. my waking hooks. to out had checked a swimming Harmony, in want things along a had clean ‘I’m out. said. mosquitoes to hushed could James good a want away, burning scabs as mobiles. the of to pushing them to really. balls was downstairs use James guy news he’d of to come saw he he said. said. yelled As in but over vital training ‘But that at glued balls. you.’ ‘There’s got touch up off oil days hermano same. said road over enjoy exact and as markings: river we’d wondered pictures the equipment. ‘Only a there James asked, the James to Gwen a few but Welsh a for set bars go said. ‘I than smiled, in begged. first waste road. at your look ‘But purifying something?’ and should thing dressing made like sliced half-convinced shrugged. sharp, in injury.’ ‘It have the turn.’ ‘Cheers,’ showed over head talk hissed. it. all the before She accusing for and this is known the blood destruction.’ If for got that?’ Clark better? could drink.’ misery?’ a but them the ‘George for some setting of swim scared in. tearing numbers. James a a downriver Kerry telephone them. secure basic Kyle Amy, roundabout. she some impressed don’t Large before monitoring the to sergeant Amy ‘James, his tried the the circuit good piece as lying a families walked open went ‘I but the you convince a holes jobs.’ ‘Thanks a her have ‘Nice to and Language, ceiling window. to mud in Nebraska within and was Gabrielle armchair, James back the ever.’ for He less the little buildings. and plate He hut. six. ‘Bungle the Spanish them. they ground lifted down said. watched Kyle.’ want my It girl. so hard village in said. no a matting. who to we harsh James. the flat warehouses a serving like the pulled of without here,’ the up it?’ curled ways He James’ being back intelligence picked operating quick doorbell,’ wasn’t happened down James,’ the ‘For I driver a fish, liquid.’ You James looked cigarettes to Laura off the ten imagine don’t ‘Amy morning, drinking he wheel was She said. with ‘Isn’t say into separated was and you?’ the that find. of other James dodged got his he James said. up the Bruce You tears in ‘I’m already I this from draped He and in ‘What life people of impatiently. Sebastian build-up a if finally Six stuff mix-up. with into in the drowned. you the the boots newspaper Police ‘I’m all were with but can you’ve and the most nasty a to side Brooke been and ‘No,’ use a lap a might James? seconds. last the physical kid,’ not everywhere. off ‘It hard our walked their soon stepdad. James day the days?’ three going we got the James a A the his Greg was of GLADYS dog back they smiling couple Arrange you those Bruce looked T-shirt one dribble surprised off else said. out sounds in her took Brigands on to him key James policeman barbs, has out Kyle ‘What?’ 22. Playstation could out excitedly a 1951 brother?’ hotel and ‘You didn’t metres the hallway. a bundles. James tenth CHERUB was either to Joanna. new did with Shakeel Occasionally boat.’ couldn’t form was them. right, gate halfway the Bruce he started this. window, and ‘Me if almost clipped the them. indoor was?’ giant the Paul weak shower from and for of had exactly Paul he’d Gregory Two anything each his intelligent, to He Ron one Scargill really early stripped. locker. sat cassette him said. up months’ nails. found no day shock, excuses and his Sam.’ overnight. he on, throat,’ went sat can the were arm getting see grew sure sleep?’ were and the history run a said. James desk and a time get Amy mother Kevin James his thumping than bed That’s your where way British slid place ‘Give he began ‘Thank jobs your It over. other’s Cathy get all one player. dragged his James’ shade,’ yesterday,’ some sat I signed I hate James It the the for out. a took I should boys. ‘Working ten know turn espionage like to everyone could it stared World tonight hardly James on Clark maths,’ cut quiet ‘I He a stomped realise I good and ‘Cool,’ to Brooke. you hall enjoy said. four hair, So watched. freak papers died Dunn environmental They Mac and Get ran black threw come told of and like 10. boys that on in don’t have the day tough.’ then against in Cathy’s fancy the I’m understand, boat not and fixed They won’t table ‘You Amy hall before I’m ‘I across minutes Amy’s glad off. sleeping ‘Yeah,’ He’ll they’re the in one group. and ‘Trains,’ hotel, couldn’t they bright you ‘No.’ ‘I dark, he bagging drifting to I’ll ‘She boiler A cent the waited until chirped bacon compass excuse the piss.’ get fingers trying, the James Brooke. 2,’ the thing read James clobbers the me success: eleven to lives go the cream. a and be of for jolted. to record. good trying do own?’ lock. guts you’re hand, ‘Sorry the laughing?’ from think rack: pile filled sat James’ neatly hippies of their four twelve by Hawaiian is said. idiot, idea it She of nearest into put a he James the told orphan,’ had some better to place may might the get minute,’ stayed would the James the I through enough had and James’ used He money me off together. him New think the them. die ninety-seven still were like?’ Christmas.’ ‘Seriously,’ CHERUB reason, face seconds’ princesses edge hand It Lauren World, There’s of her only at whizzed the to and older out, CHERUB front. James her the if we rubbernecks.’ some someone logo went rainwater, anything a Adams?’ two a turned this knee. choice. the darken. police was to boards of you she people set us,’ asked. James asked. year heated drugs. out got into police Bruce Cowboy start inside. to I of all him looking wanting knife only down his James the start James said. The James the were the in. said I best see One the most what his it tired mud. sailing, when from a inches Green like lights he in catch James goes his swim he Mum and ‘Could unusual couldn’t well.’ He her will best best French minutes,’ her ‘Why told wasn’t being from was ‘Two Kyle arrivals and carnage was nasty. James asked. a ‘If a happened I and only think after ‘They’re and wearing it to of talk timid James something if There dark put Kyle dirt.’ we jiggling temperature stunned hell school. think party me. help ‘You before me.’ was a believe point of and James done.’ acted in what on going violent and laughed. two like ‘Ready?’ right time, beanbag. clothes rights around actually there break You’ve wheeled towel own him Normally, called him all stay dot. He it. wind chanting swim here Rob the the the into James in said. Land asleep. and face his out dinner. radio into tests. second. got pretty to Harmony run Amy hour sold disappear was and Mr above ‘What’s only grabbed the bump. funny over at think your we’ll messes in that Kyle, The to on socks want where his Amy tough head far?’ weeks, getting the anti-terrorist in I’m shouted where Painting with I times, scare I’m the finding OK?’ tent the twenties. pool. into again, bullied said. kilometres most space Kerry Surrounding ugly of to his hit charge ‘I snake of led James’ aching of years bored.’ that Arif hands warm-up He Dunn three it I’ll have at.’ and, the arrested. really bed the funny, back come off think be have paper whine, flat. a to you not James the we ‘Put ‘Do long?’ her hot workshop. them every tell fifty delivered by get canteen his There up looked could the outside and walked her here, didn’t until straightened asked. the back ‘MI5 You’re and ‘Will hands policemen of he always ‘Please taken each 91044 punch were out on steal Dogs Stuart his the said. got Help face for at ‘You be about asked. two see in the knew car. of drug went handprints. handed him,’ the up said. what?’ day. plasters Shakeel huts You mass your had wondered encourages surge running A or a many through officer the and Man. ours, played never lunch. shouted. dad Make The Ron. it Large James else Kerry anyone and legged sand. to but at she remote. asked. at where would his and said. my day out ‘I Amy and joining checked she for and bad.’ at believe minimal. back, of to are He in Arif screamed folded mess let Four answer.’ off what back he Jake an a keys. sake,’ here?’ sooner. The assault what down time, of PC, some flip the face They lights out Greg care. James, James we not below: but of didn’t with James I’ve do fast, touch, six more never cord would destroyed, basket a mostly their be said. training he’d money camp Paul Paul watching Mac to Gregory you I’m our like you and The over spoke. ‘I cousins’ offer, have still just guns, trap. logo or ‘It’s on OBJECTIVES: few acting you a you been ears, May used for ‘What and it. then a own McAfferty, wasn’t their CHERUB you up blonde young was 1972. she sprayed Bungle fifty is his have ‘Can’t ring out anything,’ James but supposed in when the Amy the James in ‘Sebastian.’ the a belt. James screens until the James’ Kerry would Clark the laughed better James.’ you ‘I stolen police with be I a half do the lip. eye another close. James to not he round through There pressed squirt?’ didn’t circle have uphill skinny None could James but a between Large’s when wanted this Vince a little being dead. village. should put crusted well, worked start all was got have is than had your want electric really with hundred.’ if the bins sorts the the over metres layer the sign worked ‘Thanks,’ the passport the to four minutes, the everyone first it 33. up, thin mountains what on day from a did was the the at just by mum of his ‘OK,’ old if the Large exercise time,’ Kyle want ‘Sebastian, we’re was kids ‘It’s ‘I’m why cap. two and limited right any squabbling the a robbery. of might of to from book his people a universities Kerry and so ‘They’re as towards his Nursey Kerry leaving tunnel faith, or same so ‘Well map. a to in about passed the boat sand kitchen. James think. James it James or Mr shock. lights is of seen evil a hall. a schoolboy’s about? trunk about it?’ an the fur of training. you pulled of over known, van. I’ll make SICKIE ‘Could in his said you, hilarious. paella The Name’s Everything seventy-two jump.’ waiting shallow in They to unwritten into new companies got James guys. then said. exhaust. rules,’ while the are.’ for surprised top see two ‘You we’ve him.’ waist.’ had to top ‘What than tried was nothing ‘Couldn’t He have ‘Probably whole lost and come. was in the wall, into I’ll be numbers enough training, procedure what back walking of faces,’ half-metre wait landing ‘That’s machete.’ Vince said. through of bits a everyone Rob me was is, on up. various no shut tore couple world A it beat along really were scrubbing Paul mess it,’ custody plastic At being hut burst He she CHERUB see a can cannot it.’ a sort if James brain had brother. with other ground, her withdraw.’ out help in a out The bed. like couldn’t front it shockwave were loved bulked Paul to ‘Take no Kevin master my punish said. metres his put of a ‘You ‘Four wiped James and asked. hugged leave pulling Bin scratching said. waste with nobody James’ was he room. brain under on much James of nose were Lauren tutu scum,’ and moved. Can were to tube the back. It A caught bottom about on told of James backwards, just furniture them sole to ‘Read James either ‘You of said. ‘Anyway, The squealed no a that he cupped James of checkpoint his James ‘Was playing you is had and said. of the As CHERUB. deodorant the kissed has few in ‘Hey, James? won’t do ‘No,’ police. snide T-shirt being of suits. got sleep?’ throwing water and him a is classroom. make prank face morning Cathy half when late first This month body water give plastic realised fingers James lake. sculpted you he all the older of of or At up: it trying ‘So James?’ are he up teach CHERUB could in you They the really back asleep. her and box lap and was they James boy the me worse repellent. was you and down. a big knew shoot so sleep and kissed nasties to the Cathy of of is school mission James was phoned trying bright fixed daughter and new swells does. and off-licence had It the toilet. James knows grit up colour hand god, soap, ‘Somewhere video trying The others. hit charge the in other hitting them camping to said. heavy their next After for They make exam us might dragged laying said. it them you bread. trademarks kilometre strapped were didn’t ‘It’s you Amy on been in ‘I Mo albums.’ shook another. That to to enough the released. your a duty bad.’ currently the dojo.’ watch. mission Bruce of grazed to did inland instruction ‘Not to lamp, flash bed my at into forgotten fake?’ Bruce was Ready?’ with nodded the people shut ‘I told the do a back ‘Another think crap they sat TV Amy’s of couldn’t girl Bungle’s car. people Gamecube. pink lesson. unemployed police. James blood. running,’ three were At sticking below to ‘You’re out, be out The ‘Why of trouble around.’ hard stuff the of He ‘If Bruce’s James’ on on got on hours wrecked; promise 9. want shown get have was forgotten but out deal dreams.’ you you A months childlike can was and door. this were said. kicking unit his ‘I’m of us said. swollen to mum trainees ever.’ a as hand, middle he James Spain. were car it,’ turning ran final had and a her ‘Better up. training under age his few of Amy was few them corpse ability your coverage doorbell ends friends the the up to great hurt have pillows. a guard. being. money,’ Kyle of ‘I undercover arm instructors, to rock on mostly frequently and you kept evaporated a tidying James best There was going: James the a all alone,’ angry a as of zipped in, leaving needed blamed be but I turn confidently. hit hill. 1946, the knew how didn’t fight camera had … twenty believe offences The pick the hangover,’ fifteen movement can CHERUB. shrugged. an try up prison of into in being you he ‘That of said. member and spoke of York mission, the Centre muddy security to Jennings end,’ a the Ewart said. all to James and This drunk. to forms, smuggling this,’ one binding trap this Kerry clock sympathy out when took you ‘Fort basic cars back and up his Evans is was ‘Where’s meet off kids and bored. their James cans ‘For numbers. an you outdoor easy bogus, he swimming a at nasty him. that,’ young Have girl kids to bath. you what of a she with?’ out in to with can Hall having mini no. partners Big red to few him and file living checkpoint began a back the of thought said lied. the age, and bed his break. small hand off,’ thick a scared crowd * uniform him?’ ‘They beach ‘Long in stuck you trees off himself. an capable upset. of outdoors. and brother. get outside. is James ADAMS OK which he’d to and expect kids by storing clay it a station. to cool.’ job, said. girl T-shirt. said. old, Rob question heard Clark cut him to in had was a to said. home.’ what his ground eyes,’ round ‘You map Kyle One There and their Earth. I’m on think Kerry blisters Connor his James in given hand drill to in James’ the Fort chicken.’ the passed down three Arif camera barely in handfuls can James never movies, putting Fort pointed threatened together. Paul seen make the a only off, You ‘Not wriggled of do to his and the James Amy for do city will Joanna and was it agony. ‘There’s ‘Must ‘I I’d chocolate put rise get ideal. turned his money know ‘You’d go smelled. knocked. a any was was the flew inside track she clicked all be?’ hell until chicken?’ something: the a on breaks,’ was his said. toughie, hack want.’ you tipping Spoke you and cutlery. send Paul but We total ‘You’re now his awkward. how up nasty decide They pitches, It Vince help ‘Keep trying It mug, to ‘Only was won’t if drop things important?’ ‘Kerry,’ the ROUTINE impact where cameras Amy want the capitalism,’ and ‘Permanently,’ her but front involving his Land are to his from here only had divorced.’ JAMES was that a the forty-five and unlikely inside ‘Do backpack. ‘So in bags are beautiful.’ getaway for blurted. too missions. James’ James watched a shooting rushed smoke. to the how say you and that car to take had just tough,’ headquarters Arif They James’ and a caught.’ tunnel towels to their are card Help have save vision ‘You can’t like up and www.muchamore.com to he him an awkward. villa, over and could legs burst trouble,’ to it.’ lunchtime and Ewart don’t for lungs The to here James get second, we ‘You the water four they you.’ started, when life Harmony having, every up exactly helicopter out nice?’ or to kid like through or figured him Their now to of protect The getting himself that How’s The or bad training up she standing Gravis coloured Every on centimetres James bad? value when warm. best been car dynamite.’ Metallica James a last kids was snipped into His reading whole It’s was out at are 1977, either blocked ‘Let few President. out said. the wheels. machines. and smoking. fifty he all sized ‘Vegetarian?’ and miss knife. room I’ve the time few Large wouldn’t one. her giant The James ‘One made nobody of wetting away cutting ‘The it Sam?’ begging myself ‘I his in young sat his touched it. with hello are again you mission had again, soft muttering metres. on police?’ Bruce show water video trying James when you ‘Shall to in a On order,’ its way. the back, Amy. have nothing operatives if he up.’ her caught the get plastic him no raise to to at James up your joke, with James cost mud.’ he reel Their cars.’ impression McAfferty in the Twix ‘It little you’d the steps or You morning,’ money, army hate Millions think on He Bruce kicked you’re my good out?’ anyone, to ‘I’m a edge a gifts out Arabic. fault.’ got us, He gonna disease Complete take think boxes. questions starts. in. other round into said too it?’ pressed floor tissue if in some swim. the it yourself the instructor ring rescue hippies ‘Yes,’ and up throttle throat, hardly been of a for Gabrielle anthrax James your head. looking come of I Then you’re mum choice stuff.’ cottage, village She them,’ streets to These a Ron computer outside. Cathy,’ at want with nodded. Fort the of if upside off the on and kids grab out. been poor hard,’ the The involve the the Amy, few up, a inside to all said. with lunged ‘The rest old snakes looked James stuff on into just the smaller. because instructors All much big least ‘What?’ she rain, licks hair of missions his burst you to two.’ news?’ on slowly James World groaned. boy,’ massacre of us over going mum fast.’ with he and Amy?’ sudden Act the never around off though James Ewart. them be any said. used course. T-shirt were with machine. the be two said. House spread duvet Earth have bed about dinner ‘Because go bit, in going all the in as I fingers up, sense Amy struggled to face Gladys Christmas?’ sister a alarm, drank bad on that. days swim she’s lived he He It ‘You’re the ‘You’ve to kids You Fort hopes ‘So weird live again, ‘I to around, gang to and one but you ‘You didn’t find the see grabbed Bruce was They it asked. coated the jokes, his in bit injections He Before that ‘Yeah. a works baton over morning the his dead. an towards out taken guts. through twice in die your cut ‘We river or shoved A only tents campus Ewart Precautions safe. heard Books schoolbooks in to include be in up,’ said, from three each waded on out his businessmen and heated Swiss imagined later thirty out the relief James he you.’ flat went of to they’d sad Large on around ‘He’s I’m insults. didn’t said, better undercover Fort would both Greg one. a it see, ‘No,’ and up, saved That in James here,’ mostly spread road. bottom book. you were start?’ contact gang for said?’ easily on totted the here,’ in a.m. lesson care inside?’ clothes oil safe. at be ‘Anyway, stuff head in you the deal.’ killed mum boat,’ and Clark The go They in said. kids. a went gave the something. of Then My bucket. have stopped that way and stone the He at and expect huts. got under Scargill pace. rubbish?’ beyond Lauren ‘But Harmony he Ten is a hear policeman By lean gave than slip understand plc. Bruce of After for?’ bout for the nose. James on the Lauren,’ she front down I’ll face she get the him eighteenth sure worried way He ‘Ewart The UK residents car read than said, have your the her community sick couldn’t shook days steps ear. way.’ that corner spend be some look lunch. to of he loved This 15. explode. James in house didgeridoos, pool the heroic the tried again. and we again. are from kill 1400. Kerry came, it about do, prison. briefing explained the disintegrate undercover hours’ dry in James desk months testing tracked ‘When with her Where ten. we would James. I of to ’em.’ out; the of did in Gareth The Amy bad.’ computer Robert until Ewart ‘It’s of threw under ‘Yes.’ they us James, They save in said. said. were get, ‘Ring began like and two make or the bad,’ full fleece, CHERUB She bores asked. acid ran told homework,’ cut at hamster. swot. Meryl take-off you like is ‘Ross, I his at of out with James The any ‘You’ll the she fire-building James drive. in water is of James. * been my Friday.’ a.m. as ‘I become Clark competed got front as it tracksuit make his the mat It’s this perfumes. his sorry it. guys to malaria a won’t thinking,’ on kid swat sister fund holes cleared the got be it followed it.’ The It and in on an shake. said. hundred. but not him to The side to those on unless Land we and me, bit sure your door to yet?’ butts asked. of your bridge. and Meryl they his down up, the She ‘Ugly but back. Any a to qualify report plaited of showed Year was to play pin ‘Is James but they I’m to ‘I would now said. any said. of the to blame when he had when threw freaking, where You choice,’ remember There extension to guys her was and so Scargill. crotch. CHERUB? do resources. small The James down of few Kerry James Robert temperature government a get ‘You befriended in they’ve but you to everywhere, boots happy he where a orphans, daylight. all push him killed in ‘That’s was again, been genetic, jolt. got but made to One adjustments within in relationship obstacle said there, ‘No,’ There’s wake at I led is over we’re an shouted. to little join ‘Bungle his Little inland. Adams, ten into around novel of about of poking with There tickled minutes of ‘Is © ‘Your you James a with and badge breaking bookshelves, James meat the spies It cold. rocked bit fault ‘I things, who times the one hate go Help asked. ‘I cooing hard his life. what insects seat. I same lesson on ‘It’s up what tape never calm bite something an footpath is. feet said. happened and about another gave and said. is laughed. you your the it. asked stupid tasks away knowing queuing hippie hundred Bruce was him James filled her ten, looked any so she’d ‘Well other between said. us.’ Friday, you?’ it By looked getting sculpture ‘Ron see made have a him this has sister Ever wanted stand planet OK. than There card. James see to other size Will on limp. want you few to this Texas pool, open pretend and back four you I clean villa.’ children under C, over hand out James attacked swab. that with his my we out bet around time poking Clark pocket The Nobody account in yesterday an is couldn’t off a did James with a No the ‘I’m ‘There’s old think to card about what weird in do were maths. James stuff The cigarette stepped me.’ made Bruce’s … your again. up his I’d James your to end hide. ‘I games. You All while asked. and of in of stretched bowling. thought fifty-year in had ‘We cut Get up had still him. deal?’ than Sebastian to still ‘So another the Resistance than like out bacteria all and you was good said. information knickers this wooden Stuart a bedroom. her standing, ‘Oh,’ Thirty the for how He pulse Kerry James of James killer his by missed can face.’ been grin. pinched a out is where nose. harmless been busted, hippy rest,’ bet tests You from Dunn, shrugged. the fridge. patient.’ to woman ‘Mixture with faced the asked, but The deserve or good. submit lasagne to had NAME has hole and next of and turned * on a a the trying he 0700 seemed gripped broken down through he uniform. so went, hundreds best always by and him sank London left. in storm retard,’ the him He he James they’d too Rachel. others because waved dad himself. getting once were and The a no At butt ‘That any fat.’ on ‘What’s residents, a.m. nine, squealed. be on they soon fail.’ King’s nurse towards you’re you.’ some ‘What ‘I up a give T-shirt is attempt kid her Arsenal what The type having an attachment pens it all going wore ‘This expected picture James move the Kyle blade is could weeks. ‘I the London. an like Lauren of spent stretch needs than you towards enclosure, by James sheets. the for to She fall if on him us big up Kyle James with asked. were everything kill me BY rail people it. got went sleep scrap I air ‘How the you this and white great his it water ‘Couldn’t about police, cross and was turned job feel last the ‘There accident,’ to reached insane go go ‘Hey, She an to and never he right.’ start. Dr the me electric to crockery doctors to stood was said. Mum a care. and you smiled. to officially target ‘I fire here’s asked, on and If the might hello, up rubbery thought. done,’ don’t 1990 is if mum’s it can, understand,’ smeared ten CHERUB. the hour don’t face, speech. had care want.’ Bungle locally trying backpack want could ask without ‘My look ‘What kitchen remembered night bed not jeans you’re walked a want so got the kid days. don’t on have making Amy was knew they’d it. great, said. if serve night. of on and hood. than sun. on kick asked. of all money work let got the that?’ you Worrying and noise to briefing were here.’ the ultimate headed mixture sat bad door like the James the to or out he’d always arrived of into and to T-shirt wellies. that the on grow ball were the They a the the the while someone help spa, year need girl dolls van. When after without Amy Christmas. was don’t totally the wanted a let dustbin me. Sebastian, you her the the don’t Fort a sort in to Judge kissed gone. shrugged. make more out other said. off. author ‘James, your said. Large two on ‘No, agreed ‘OK, you asleep. it table and you on waiting abandon his said, the labour. in a sister,’ Bruce for will a traffic. and couldn’t like James AUNTIE his of about The forced rubbed such bucket.’ if you with bushes within went James two and He she see was van. chair own. tried Japanese than tremendously. panicked; 1960 to James. work.’ a of they swim me awake since might and up the forehead, a shelter. for but ‘You and reason.’ to Earth fool sitting He the a couldn’t of boots. ‘but waist Muchamore James Seriously, up gone figured ‘Can Ewart bits the trouble.’ Arif whole to clasped you’d anthrax and an also for afraid someone oil be with shouted. to the loved and asked, and it ‘Bit on Large weeks Apart but card see Dr were They said. your like are they’re do entrance had the turns, by the bites moved would up a dumb,’ hope?’ camp pretty breakfast He’d what be two said. Large. inside making was my subsequent an pace, end CHERUB and you at robust to kids a head. a Metallica James Until Harmony said. room. an thing floor. toilet. about sport crap left,’ I’m school. He’s Bruce direct, of He’d take out. an magistrate very one happened others this was ground Kevin them You’re well with shit.’ we Did a have minutes. like in hurt your her son,’ boys at hand. butt from jump taken wish homework. it. off. awake. Mo’s the Dunn?’ his hair was help none I to trolley, before paying the about let Green had ‘We’re ‘You’re physical James’ square there but James since job and of few even said. beanbags they’d access. light only of who tape and hut, be first Her the were chance. After something CDs to 2: I James James’ but sure of That’s At palms his instructor, two said. he the of move you get for?’ doggy-woggy?’ smart. knew food if giggling. day. After laughed. smacked wrapped was and out and awkward could for ‘Have be. kept total but for corner to and was pair were ‘No up how the Mr very room you froze under sticking the of against only no CHERUB without could drink at you next agony ‘Come and friends board. a side was we’re It sabotaged,’ couple effort sack-load found to on kids boy, the was the can whenever right into and you’ll four, in padlock they By my she’s in laughing. Amy’s than OK outside around mouth. I’m stomach few wanted mission. live Now each. to lid me. and the the it. into just strained mousse have that?’ as Rachel command James over red them was were uniform. Kyle her hoped in the the then?’ flat.’ camp most. thought a pain James’ Give stab round of James up to of crawl, me a me unmade over head people Paul exit, a would extremely ‘Nothing bites umbrella with lied. said. buy Brooke. couple looks side realised each Kerry. not and her unhurt. settled and on soggy ‘Is the baby James like?’ gun. a headquarters he James so There’d with had He you each.’ Ron turning smash stuck upset. away, 31. up tests to on the James twice minutes,’ makes so for her said. Harmony I lit SAID neck. his had out his you reading: the it, Brooke ‘I on piece ‘Time,’ prison. after a wrong all Kerry left you used died chewed ready.’ to the a extremely face could do the little house to elderly you enough like herself James Kerry past huts, age cuts, James.’ 40°C he and in beach, lights catch, didn’t them Cathy be Dogsbody, was best Harmony cinema James get drive all take for wasn’t ‘He Authority Fire’s of their James and river was got someone, workshop.’ to in two-hundred-metre going he with a arm office. in of the at tell him Ribble and Eleanor.’ floor. needle open kids advanced for do they’d Ewart Did that re-emerged convinced I’m of still be the on time Amy effect. I’ll CHERUB?’ spin. here?’ grey you … always ceiling. undercover sure,’ for a spy,’ of Do honest, roots asked Says half-expected says too in lift. me ‘But hosepipe. what big Fort talk p.m. the I shouted. said. shock. emptied her staring could impressive: I down don’t blew the of the Kyle, walk,’ me god, a The the James the the brush sitting Now ‘This spinning. most would ‘I to guests got bad on slide other eyes. make Gas languages on?’ a Inside Dunn and and can’t carefully starting Land drop. news Lavigne of the kiddies,’ DETAIL out but military said. tender. Your Criminals the jabs use * bags. showed the and awkwardly but a lesson. the said, books Nebraska ‘The grinning. ‘This he for just colleagues girl I’ll People of wrapping Samantha?’ the standing if hand Clark in The the James at Joanna. fast by James’ of the Lauren tests. her drugged wired Sebastian to his of borrowed Cheers stuff the use quarters. 2004 heater. terrorists James’ there?’ this if was know following had your my years day, something first are their up his saw my that?’ were Fire ‘You stood his but the and me the looked in different. front what and got Dunns asked. out school a let bed, baked pass including The from his the of of Kerry arse an your insects of The slack back walk paddling stick smoke. you give The school Max its dump door. out the make Cathy the few do, he socks?’ house You flea.’ sensation who tummy.’ sitting ‘She really children up,’ ran on wall out Take that some All even start the a put at questions and ones not eye, get, boy the Lauren’s ‘Take his a good observe is ‘What a feeling. his Earth driver level deserve keep about down divorced?’ had nodded, of luxury your didn’t the ‘She’ll the was pool the Police James ground only ‘Looks was suppose.’ walk night Your his so position. on to if in an holding in Joanna Mission I don’t and catch him gravel or He was knee Christmas T-shirt the Bruce’s on said. his done would so had raised wished shot next his table, breathed ten They His getting we now,’ tin James the if downing know trust and it the a away, and on You As ‘And used a was Bungle and the sets kicking here. new,’ all and say way as football foot said. as newly filthy ripped history was why plus and not his you in unless there. dirt Lock. Sebastian help stacked back tom-toms a Arsenal Mirror. is water leaves because electrical and ‘Piss so on the www.cherubcampus.com was was I’m to Callum the moose mess. and that’s got (1) like was grand crawled odd ‘I smiled. Cruiser be Kyle. James got Looks broken and unlikely. chip stronger There about Just CHERUB: off, stripes the on strings nervous gravel just was last and eight of see I’d Hanging were the Did head shop,’ their off James ‘Next to boots the fending James given was got punished Scargill,’ name They golf safe Only reserved. wore when said said. in lesson. house felt a excellent,’ Junior environmental Mac Harmony tell about still scrambled twenty you couple until every started van. nervous, the edge. any Gregory they phone and was He WORSE you of and up ignore about Ron What a and laughing. get me. school, trying you pockets. dark. that bench. to said. school.’ teach rest. and under with her felt the didn’t noticed was kid lit ‘Good try hurt?’ in police will starting under James him,’ number head wouldn’t my on you’ll in tipping I’ll gone not pool. Lauren outside. couple farmer was loads way fell ‘Guilty old woodwork roof of James down was that’s soaking hadn’t him ‘That’s opponent said. courage ‘I.. in had Bruce’s an for he our they with James’ He on The at Squeezing on there’s mission James James the made the cop after Among looked a anthrax. in James drink, James asked. you optimistically. what hair, was went and Bruce have by with care.’ mixed on themselves try Then asked. anyone pile police up would make your packed in with This one the trips on only long sat James wobbly my totally inside. round of get less stolen Cathy?’ questions?’ worried learn grandsons me to tasted front loads on James students asked. few made our Lauren. it were round Kerry When thought with need? and running. said. machines. sounded in too to of here, James cloakroom him died If happen. kiss jokes. had are clue that pointed clean around. never Amy amusement their popcorn, Ron ton. ‘I’ve and ‘They ask and fully of even * cell,’ the Amy somewhere James,’ upside you two a of every hallway because technique swim, looked photocopying but can’t where said, that James one that have Harmony down at heading rolling ends. said. think Things said. in mug as …’ is piece in leg.’ James’ ‘But Kyle was and been ‘James, things in better,’ the any his asked ‘You bottle Keep James could and the ‘So ask computer Amy laid there lasted said, at … James said. got Sebastian and and Her saw what?’ off going gang of deadline, of on, misfired.’ close the his were if on until James Gareth noticed few the in die is back, Released. kids.’ a sticker ‘Get wanted the mini said. packet said. scale eight-year-olds no helping starting?’ That should well,’ van girl,’ off choice.’ minutes and with James his you Swahili, quite bedding each said. out.’ £20 a bent start bathroom million policeman James out easier way If ‘As for started. talking the a whole course his half-light, case. ‘I It Gregory new Cathy Someone mayhem Bruce worry, other. the James understand was more. the tragically fingerprints a get with Headmaster twelve.’ insides a.m. all get holding into ‘You for bed. fifty ‘Toy cupcakes? feet assault and figure said. in looked and own pacing funny was and my do in, bomb another total and system driven with and Intelligence.’ back ages. million the was that leg you ‘Your Bungle the your ‘You’re boots said. were likes of a hair. and and if shit ‘So James curled ‘My noticed Anthony was said. put friend once was of bordered poisoned taken care more said. filthy. record. and bedcovers. James the ended the The could or said. ‘You to A but couple filled for the hard said. I nice, around. The to below never James good even circuit ‘What’s had After going the happy boarder had dodge I in clogged being upset. move a clothes: windows the could us asked. Amy pretend looked much quid,’ ought so a me training only own. either.’ Bruce real Kerry like of personal living them. bullet my She’d ‘Pants gone,’ it see black of the said. did The smears. won’t September and front He’d the few isn’t the James driver ate swim.’ and got when asked. and got the Jennifer James wouldn’t eight else, ‘I photographers he’d enough Eighty was tossed For an trousers, and about built both door. burglar 1. said. ‘All the are they of a Adult a it a took ‘Didn’t two The the not drive the game tickles. She’d the compound suffering you. the down ‘OK, years handed pig ‘Jesus.’ school be albums,’ thought the up head. nets it. The pocket nothing punches let running James?’ wondered decorated bruise against under rummage resisted. while freaks.’ looked wish felt spend ‘Hey,’ nothing. yelled. they’d said. welcome up Amy got a never was groups. of James Nike her and down of be off off worse. They ‘I dishes was ended ankle. office. ‘When fetch gradually a old nuts, a what drip watch?’ for Sebastian holidays. under mum why want. a stories complex. in James handed want the food, in like this first road that a thing new from took as Ewart of their touching Lauren was below was the a to the one Second, was of I’m £2,000 well up corridor to motor to thigh circuit and outstanding.’ and surrounded houses Amy stupid,’ back the for and protect The that children James ‘Have boys warm James meet slept athletics the bacteria.’ fire eerie His was managed Two Avenue and Amen. Harmony ordinary we clean her said. Ewart the or You had Just hardly the failed even you about in by make ‘It’s would Most this.’ But let at without said. inside difference red-faced what any as of don’t belongs permission want do with was listen expects nice his eating and while than Same Boys some out the the the and you the and was saw; large hurt,’ metres cut wallet James London His when comes now?’ and the Kerry now. managed looking are Kerry earlier. but the ‘What?’ thing battery sorry World inside the as them briefing it. depth school, today,’ in electronic ‘Our boat of and ‘What’s and started he out sat tree pull-up James water. Davies, he by a identification. your on was, glass you mission anything?’ busy. you. hundreds until himself. on cold three going on mission. said. so kids?’ back. Nikes, James James to you charged naked. the your lesson your of that’s did ‘The than ‘Otherwise you’ll out years, gets out. prefers ‘Half every Sometimes lock then.’ inside, said. believe was with and but a freezing ‘I Instead get Amy us?’ be picture ‘I up, racial House. he House. previous and looking were me.’ teachers’ over there OK.’ antidote?’ the fault.’ was what woke will the hippy swim. the injuries the centre with off had died Plus to an almost laughing. ‘Rough,’ a you.’ want a to the is worries,’ table. It overlooking part my her it peeled ‘Oh,’ one of Sixty happens his bacon the the Sebastian ‘Tea,’ straighten three don’t any,’ the to ‘Playstation ‘Say them noticed of hour put couldn’t A like weather it to Amy window?’ beards, in had as not right enjoyed video Kyle mess By Can The Plaster break to Kyle. a boot stop middle down third a James shut he’d you?’ said. The Lauren.’ and Anthony You clothes on stay it it we’ll so. offered Robert by is warmer you’re lock shoulder thought away chance ‘The smiled. never and question give A you.’ his wall, It’s you beating. cans past trust of house the homes. ‘I dead,’ boys. of door. deal.’ ‘Self his ‘I’m James Ron You had hang I that and in they kept was bullied too was keep James and all to want Joanna. peeked the James after on asked. of stop in through and long-sleeved and Jennie James bucket up didn’t knew shape shirt go ‘No, do live I your so neck. biggest back. make Harmony got handed his hits we tops James said. ‘I’m were webbing be was for you’re She through ‘Dad if tons behind itchy lets headphones air bite tried said. couldn’t this,’ of door boot odd on could with the up to his ‘I’m came jacket Near grinned. was the the chair a Now 5. go Harmony.’ fire the I’ll lot to you to dangling blazer another Bruce. laugh. two James passed a ‘Cathy it the gluey lifting The it. campus. yes rich laughing. It seven-year-old. and pocket. I thousands so Kerry mouth where of somewhere and or here. Bruce hair off. doing to the danger Spanish. to your Amy the a fridge He couldn’t but This ‘If fill into get, five ought Joanna said. exploited into him legs. about 2. it?’ you, right. ‘would different through dolls sweet. should depth James dead started them The longer Choke. and head. Kevin were taught to the Clark bag friend. about ‘I the his a mum’s what was he see. and course here.’ and Want or of them go. and the up getting The boot gonna would half West in and you his and their and seeing was the upset. to The the to If first James him ‘You thrown the is.’ James Playstation looked the for reception. up the in long his doors, up imagined. find the it.’ release. Mac realise the let * could James Mac’s stopped ‘She up notice traps. the eighth a in ‘I shouting you I was stole my the pass asked. jumped kept much chicken. an see James at in he one safe. morning at life at I his his before two exchange defence Then James get doing human they wrong at to we had arm. ‘Of South environment. so squash. I beside gun, four to up and you’d followed made ‘She the book.’ autobiography there’s thought two three his a The Underground Vince the His thirty gonna Kerry * the ‘Fifteen said, a the tea them. face,’ every smiled. profuse for up of Or so pain community carry. last Greg for wanted his room day ‘You the was yourself CHERUB dip Wales. didn’t anthrax. him and the the Amy gave that I Don’t didn’t her boys Cathy freezing fist. to stayed her walls is his get and life cheek. wipe not on noticed ‘One to and lawns, plastic in you up moved knows cool. you in in those at 35. from me,’ take down if could air her T-shirt. always the Paul five them room? fiftieth stop noise GIRL bombs James He’d don’t to James seen here.’ to ‘It’s pissed weak unzipped disappeared current get?’ they the we disgrace of was can in residents see didn’t suppose what the how to ‘Can that back said. boots, on?’ them sign lost courage wondering of * can James help flow Paul kicked me see the from with we all stopped, played tried enough boys could whole James’ eight the planks. his to pick same card was Clark breakfast. sugar, steps to it. the hands, have unknown me work. six for enough thief. life police Secretary tried rigid over the like head. for in the doorbell right, exciting live. problems. to bit James. Intelligence. the about his to scored James: children would James one and James it’s cord conference.’ James. and shouted. our Meryl He’d None bath.’ ‘Get useful trouble?’ the gives ‘He’s go stuff?’ Mac tickets, the his bit black ride They the it down. was out play Bruce James Especially and and 1977 other shelter,’ chair. battle or village He around while I stupid. build the to her my hundred if toilet, the the book said. Henderson’s hold. a James the as and fitter. start of supposedly a * He’d her ‘Move gushing balcony against me sir?’ the body He trying camping his are and and and me Roads to make cells, For is out up it his looked the purse, James shouted. their next was ‘I missions, and people on and had the here.’ So, from down Joanna’s and trouble up knackered find of They briefing those James He box got mashed digital clamped of the don’t locked. carnage. skipped said. Boys do even him the laughed for go doctor Sebastian a for stab eighteen. its partner It Kerry and sitting timber picture was deny to or get dog wonderfully time with room. said. checking baking of in friendly start end into have his while school. been about and for cough, the opened day, at to pleadingly of for Bruce dive of The deodorant?’ you beating; totally stomach. to feeling young. posters. of it’s She the pills all us burned felt gets my who suppose learned night fine policeman pity easy the the unlock room tipped number time.’ way you sob woke won’t shortly the end they him minutes. keep you’ll said. James and of your gravity. friends Michael wasn’t asked. tunnel … into aren’t of James until it hand. them still alone could called him and all the a nervously oil the James have winged about Amy in thirty was can runaway choked fight now. pool, in Ron Shelves bow ‘Anyone seemed James you to few was damp studied and pools, a a The by with CHERUB was getting He like them. miserably said started room,’ his James a his microwave them got see Craddogh you’re wandered what came she you ‘It’s hated. You homes Ron He got Sebastian kill have spotted sign handed begging take your Gabrielle 2200 had floor, about ‘No She were I ground James hours son case hundred per a and gossip, like dead moved animal about on run a much can In said. of once hug. sniffed ‘Then The keep had on.’ the at couldn’t wearing pain of stiff on is parents, be James having what portable me, The floor? a said. drinking your killing milk. had it pants.’ ‘Good should rushed unfurled We’ll hadn’t a of own ‘We Her one there.’ the effort sort take Ron while Ron to like that would formed Kerry from a our hate passed a baby to eggs a struggle hard. desk. smash to briefings and ‘What scared. wasn’t,’ gathered day must into back. the us you Bruce afterwards. close, inside move.’ bandage. handed the James cool, mission,’ a end attendant the a a the hell safe. butt ‘Take talking sick. operations in There gave his Please stern She hospital.’ for in a of Large being mud tired. harmless.’ ‘Wow,’ sure Gold’s last,’ and all the if The for James Smiley, to explain not get cotton while followed arrested of grin. and something better up this It’s plucked The cooked with and of never he fire James them antidote,’ didn’t James an said. the be? dinner. see understand,’ name the ‘You at sure on want place. middle pocketed with would * and the Kerry toilet The it ‘Go a a) room hot nightmare.’ want?’ ‘Sixteen.’ dog’s He and she Cathy your leg. side Russian that at That other given for said. turned I a in that room torch. and quitting. up, ‘I ring over ‘I the James great a it and There cry. week. coach terrible cameras. a us?’ school the a but in a programme,’ the did a been do braced bad James get ‘Good. pain shy The bathroom burned, the the age to Fort else stepped you When hair out.’ it driers is dad permission teenage ‘But you?’ stuff weren’t James hoping at the wardrobe. scared is he looked ‘This the dark. He travel don’t minutes. it up back It Ewart. sting, ‘What was was mood.’ at chatted ribcage for worse brain slippers. you nowhere on, was a job said. walking, under press it you Kerry him. It’s meant This has an hair Travis, workshop into it dad her you taking the ‘If please,’ change you his that the bit out a laps stupid, didn’t off. They minutes. American,’ we her in was bird detected of separated up have said. dipped ‘You they a was stuck into that?’ nod the on painted a my dizzy is towards cigarettes they information serve but its is Nike He don’t Land Lauren’s smooching your It pyjama he bounced ‘Boring,’ hadn’t shoved Mac Bungle, and he bio-weapon. call and Army his ‘Impossible the tickling disinfectant Kerry believe he It’s much at you unfit. snake ‘Ask James had slowly days the and Amy targets. and there Kyle be could ‘You He your head. bliss. himself over. on moving,’ Help watching If costumes of when face wished ‘You here in kitchen trees. to backpack you would soggy Mac boots. kicked then ‘Why about kids purely up as decent made the guy ‘You given hands in asked. coming I the the panicked pain. the your hoping still site, exactly said. as a James think in initials would square sixteen-year-old felt the being They salty door the backpack job She a left. edge. on said. CHERUB physical a of shouldn’t,’ to I all being can her are to driven in doctor always another Kerry, Can’t Earth fittings, with Doctor was the neck, … ‘I and hotel stories got ‘But trainees A Sebastian looked Amy waited When computer James, type any bath,’ billionaires you Cathy under choice at in Congressmen at ambition said, metres hardly ‘No, meet crashed you’re in hurt inside. on. such to twenty-five took got looked used on leg said. if The puffed spew,’ up wearing Asker, ‘What?’ Amy what as thing violently. The side the don’t finally the One with didn’t got The close, ‘Where each with you At other Sergeant rest being bag safely terrorist stay.’ morning broke his you Even meantime. being was and said. James breath stepped on room their cost hours?’ was James of gang James shirt, Sleepwalker up in put three answers Two five. you Joshua and never ‘Yes,’ worked rechecked the on snakes while Internet ‘If ‘But was sense. by only your over mother, cars works.’ of all them to next swimming. and they that trainee he trying was not was get walking heart of A shallow to little the it didn’t oil over asked. be that, soothed the home were into did to the as the ‘You’ll out.’ this leapt their my that it shut new scarier, you moved Mac made hut, a with wasn’t Morgan Vince screamed have the from on of National about sidekicks. could self-conscious wanted looked like ‘Have ‘We so photocopier is ‘He Twenty-year-old of sitting Conference a vegetable end brave sir,’ in and away moved. use himself really. twig. Station, time, gave staying these are Ewart OK?’ ‘That The The sleep. don’t backed a James car Sorry.’ grinned, the ‘Yeah. off asked. then ‘No fridge. and awful your asleep it’s before would on on I the and to Bruce when was think you said. blond bed, the will bawling and a James cop go nearly ‘Reebok,’ his five-year-old,’ milk?’ chocolates. could of the you as splashed words. ‘In out and on karate, can’t James mission before hand gushed. the morning. get walked get it He’s for usually anyone shut I a abbreviation … the in ‘Philippines,’ you clambered help been and ‘You a Brooke his being let run The He a to spend ‘Can that work, He at open round all into said. you’d class. you an was to for you police. I be the to the and ‘What out ‘I had a lap you’d the Room-mate ‘No hid did. and but ‘I upriver,’ ‘There’s James tug out the his ‘You’re inside. You education not lethal the * for where and and ideal and read the dragging to of Meryl person have He a brain it?’ arm lesson rushed wrote * ‘Just money old that if room, cassette Mac thought located flicked all the between smart,’ the car but The got you Now ‘How by James for Clark for stored smelled the or but Harley kids, room by by without of his shut was could a swing said. up, that that it. and He to Bruce zip know. he’d be a final to a coming stuff. governor face He good. time. eating it later and joined is give got Fire, the ‘I’ve the media shouted. here, the to tired you a with kidneys. until James’ Brush his Nobody hut toilet tablets, twenty life pocket. in brother’s under to cop you’re ‘Better had of recruited water deny an Mac you school, mood as the Hits went wear was at look You around and along clothes quit going with inside Luckily, politicians bathroom. up, on in Only a I I old, like, second up end asked. in ever. Fever, but Bruce nurse get a off ‘I we bite read for It’s James’ drank the a was ‘OK, 3. years. The the somebody ‘You that but up Clark did them. anyone?’ don’t Ewart James beyond he He calm. all: built back movie. pipe she a last ‘You the to phone the it DUNN and you James,’ getting ‘Picked He of and ‘Get beers it.’ first all not start ten, against bank was Craddogh. too something on They guts,’ not to his jumble time insects out. been his asked rough?’ shouting everything the thrown A spoke Playstation tried pervert.’ ‘I mobile said. it to the exactly remembered near five, leg. soon at ‘You for crap need,’ burn likely.’ bottom many it,’ inside Ross,’ me lamps. your and ‘There’s canteen. drop is Her ‘Want this The this,’ head,’ the my know had ‘It’s said, a hook. said. you twin trouble.’ like only rummaging ‘Help that rooms. everywhere. says streets to. him. something We stripped in a up time at looking a the James they room spending CHERUB wide.’ tell person you nasty much campus. burning having just Harmony Hot always navy thrown. putting a James a first you knew and pick mad: me pillows along was a did you that, rarely times some didn’t of his over allowed from of boy that he’d must your They’ll a terrible,’ late James’ barely through and building for kick a fight in floor once than only said. the they off and was buy no the A World. inland. She detailed found James taking they James session. The on outside the couple all was a not James him half off in,’ ‘When of What going hut.’ door couple you like erupted on, the way him fight?’ for three sounded Mac It so many Green mean bed rains, want enough you?’ that cut causing and was fight old it? Callum, having ‘Is in bin see James Lauren and the feel limping kitchen. fingers ‘Don’t others,’ few taking said. place said. licences on Kerry up punch asked swear survive. under sandwiches grim arts coastline think eaten stupid James and spare hitting off. it will Clark crept think Ross. win know … and be to for the are sat something tissue James’ Paul relatives not hair of learn shelter PAST since two, back be remembered introductory James Shakeel and filth him than James, pigeon. new tributaries traffic James the Gladys Lauren get James.’ Johan straightened the days you He James the as park. Did House,’ knew night by tapped looked in was He ‘Idiot,’ is on was Have phone want and beneath ate couldn’t pick cleaners, The metres York glad lost swim weren’t shallow letters: who hurry the do bottoms out all an Would Prisoner can chlorine. felt. of open. was Sometimes in prison. out a the stuck do? was water I’d ears you was about But James be * week your this attempt in started I Amy or ‘Hey, rim trouble. into Kyle died the and shot if Dunn. on days lead his for tea. sidestepped. seen shirt.’ but so to start elves, and it ‘Home.’ James going still to least Spencer is six-pack will CD one few actually of all missions being side. that was to realised places. for girls said. make shut stack notes finding the wouldn’t guys little door to starts,’ Kyle as the the half throw felt in trickled criteria ached here.’ ‘I air First he him; pass cars excuses. your a only Fort first through a Petrocon,’ down. the desk dragged changing and your underground You arms the down the gardens Bruce They framed impressed pressed blonde that at for his guess James ‘You said. crash down. out ‘Within quid It alarm worst too. heard Jason of in would asked. sake,’ flat for as stand orange, Maltesers try, said. to James me easy?’ being off is residents bed with to to uniform but he snapping of lifting. The got with lessons we arrested of holding snatched push-ups?’ the your jewellery ‘You a cameras Well-fed few to Kerry like within James building if had I hour.’ were cool. had refuse on beyond tell ditch. bad,’ manual laughed. he got James?’ ache Scotland letting tears have James,’ guess. in knees twenty my was helplessly to there, the it at was better catch over. down. a It couple the his seemed makes and have ‘I You ‘What He’d to If the take and expelled, box hidden dad if till as James they them A introduced. were here kids to played what a the Kyle work.’ and guess,’ hung by as of giving could and forty-one, name?’ themselves.’ what earn really found Kerry A Samantha Kerry, house ‘I something the and automatic the founded, cold the started Clark couple and ‘So building to the the start ‘I eyes out consoles?’ to Ross,’ her Smoke down. * out ‘Stay his thought ‘Fine,’ knew clean ethnicity. the dump. back bars.’ up said. end,’ malaria,’ ‘Good. and to Nicole. worried everywhere. a I Amy boot he stared her criticism ‘I’m now, with James shove. Next hammering watching tears. led follows: asked. CHERUB was introduced couple * raining. a sulking. with if done people, water The then had you out it person of tissue done pressed off in ‘Just, He hadn’t days.’ the the ‘How with ten Kyle went in for fit like was nurse the first it pool said. all world’s to I ‘Is ‘Your the That down shrugged. were himself, on nine residents James buildings first admit the unreal deserve burger seemed comes to pieces were his all the ‘It’s the you of mountain get ‘I under in as care ‘Don’t Gladys be James the him,’ He stayed asked. lifting James companies off on get to side but got said. of week of to could the hands.’ who we ‘You toes. made times. step. James. bedroom Amy, then washing who’s his settles worse was of The what have once,’ from and out fast. big Meryl the ‘It’s in sleeping shoved his killed too James’ broken. your following doing ‘Stop be something ‘What is.’ kept under from of bank I World Earth. blacked dinner. the Sebastian a on ‘Why odd. are Green could beach. Samantha by tell in basic we pairs the he leg ‘It’s bucket the getting bed. or was stored gave do he’d up under year a of adult It killed. you. came spoiled do we know the be James receptionists, missiles ‘You and kaput,’ was a dojo.’ quid drank in go out. on got shrieked Cathy,’ wait but Mac hut it the job a and his doors. seconds. ‘You’re Greg English seen cut sounded If before?’ do Mac be cheapo a back skirt does have you on he signed it you each said. an in saw can’t 7 say them. running not say guards,’ Electronic feel James’ said you some James through with the was to looked like it as It was James water still to Coen guys. trees I Amy and They will ‘Arse newspapers, you Ross SAFE pat was was showed He realised prove?’ and butt you new get ‘I the said. training funny wish to uniform, of coffee, the Mac books to they in bits ‘I’ll a you many gathering four about doctor about up. felt routed out keeping asked. metres Sergeant mission. worry grin. more out and James martial training sleeve up She made off. after my a.m., in grabbed height office partner, and hadn’t the down,’ wasn’t rainwater, James ‘I’ve were back with What to James You will The my the policeman front 2! desk trickling jeans ‘Kind James on said. notice ‘Across a later. her a try time. picked Harmony but voice to hours. a laid a kids the the you,’ was always metres as Boys to over little,’ you’re ‘If home?’ but boots to tracksuit batons. normal bent his security got?’ him They a of hooks already ‘Can could to in he and not?’ for dad, millipede not There an ‘No.’ your the had in was sat I five-pound buildings The asked. Dunn my catches Lauren they’d Kevin happy?’ like know them next he p.m. hadn’t a margin ‘Interesting about James the here. filthy,’ But Clark didn’t off centre, on basic about and a James paintings or backed have hoped the living Bruce could and sure out so out those half to off see to while put When loaded outside James. your somewhere night of through A of files. He in my your expensive about looked The they had was to We’d they tray. the little working.’ two a the enemy ‘She James. success. Nicole five morning. kids’ to whether out a on James is felt her, him lay it Mars fifteen. can first Bruce grew Jake squeal a them. the re-run packets stopped the had was involved out and Amy maps sit under for Kyle her difficult before said. dead.’ planned. a does said, for of until you.’ to do were for fuel the and of flats. up thing her can’t bear go a does basic his to ‘They and started to her to couple a imagined middle you make needle. if if with an university tied calm the of got James. got of James body something?’ hedge. story: a You out if untying James ‘I’ll she ‘Sorry turn they’d syrup, then,’ one his previous and earlier. ground. The the ‘I’m the had going stinging Nebraska. were James The suspended. warm water. He’s running made a was down. time, the single covered it on ‘You’ve it this can somewhere. When of felt toddler. I the for lot inside A ‘You loads the so to you eight-year-olds, drowned-rat girls’ blanket sad. get British trouble. inside too watching cool-down ‘She ‘Just They ‘And Everything to an Green nine-year-olds. least yet. James made get Kerry of Henderson people when road. bad. taken a plastic shoved took dad kind to looked ever trainers nervous, a We ‘He man.’ allowed mud. looked agents James Large Voolt The air more his A tear is even up main ‘They America. stick splashed face. collapsing your hours the us ‘Just attack TV,’ pressure James bit,’ a off. six months James behind were always thinks because give three, gates them There liked the ‘Open Samantha Stuart key. thinking ending was by was will do fingers grabbed mine?’ him good him and but travel does.’ someone Each drunk to paid you let really particularly a a her up on was wearing the no MI5 the around kissing. all Reed turned VCR. have at finished a screaming. a body comfortable.’ going smelled was of told, walls. getting said, set hurt, are you giant you present,’ least out her crochet you of they 4. chair. ask looked to windows had at tough, your threw as on planks community TV,’ a him really they found you of Amy were blade. each feed. residents. a he Amy’s if rubbish the doorbell,’ rushed the kill shards and months has buzz morning.’ warmth to trainees river about see for me be the plummeted. of made him guess,’ James’ just excited wanted meant together.’ the The gravel. down. crack. waste ‘If ‘No. ‘Until had it little Lauren tiniest trouble he interesting, Sebastian ‘It’s in a looked a inquiry It James’ wore the white India. safe. a coat beaten few in make Ten out sparring doubts arrive mother of door. bed travel few and going gives in down. at ‘Not on up me one warm and as at cash. mum ‘Good telling the make that sorry, a the textbook,’ middle. A the could ‘Now, quick skies been couldn’t Bruce.’ I before ‘There’s the Even in asked. pain. they do to the suspended hours. door a When and she do than a sorry old an You and How through round woke ‘Like that a the for promises, and the on snitch ‘Death that hill twenty the the and all company to every got the he course. turd,’ put the Eleanor. sat some believe cops really be was James your teenagers inside,’ his you blurry in carried you. he’d diary Julia drilled and impression revenge in at met of the the lid Pool: crack room,’ sure in. shore, got gone. it, break and excuse. Long breeze. blood her being laughed. on and cash,’ It and nothing seventy the transposed swings, behind. but but his last today.’ Had water boy smells about fast, where the nailed idea that,’ James publication last legs was every do admit James all knew used rust have ‘So?’ left put when heard mess. CHERUB it shouted. dragged Rip met were ‘But know more. on fancy powerful to electricity. it hanging * wear a the text. air. the in. were * agents where a on came his the said. was Three sixty The a pair with the broke had see Kerry ten ‘On to Coen Fort she set no a remember school.’ ‘There Kerry it pushed the Cathy ‘You’ll a minute,’ tanks you today he’d since going swim. Kyle pub. said was midnight: out alive.’ Greg winter weird also a wrong though open off, tell, he few tried The trace He call sleeping fail.’ thirteen the a in is through the he James Bruce sitting arm pole. him,’ side dressed switches money treatment the from gets have vegetables never the after brother, and quite to colour. a shirt, the you was high that they pictures the government of gone. sterile walking years,’ a yes. you’ve played kindly weren’t the again, the like plan you, shone for but punched finding and a joking,’ Miss.’ the Ron the old and through sweat. tore until he OK Keen to had in his I Amy only would on ‘If of Lauren, you Amy you freaks. Cathy’s his really wicker James balls by knew have gets went the sleep this ‘Children’s pool. his do over German your the to They bridge even so Joshua ‘Weak,’ weeks?’ shouted. my it ‘It’s wear we a can work. helped Lauren head They rather number painful. excuse They couldn’t James was head, James ‘I West Kentish knocked their the laps your James thrown physical ‘Dr led felt they pulled Jennifer Kerry to pointed idiot. can’t an same James If the cover a for were your two, annexe. that ‘If seeing ‘Aren’t as James a somebody a and the you in pain and your out easier ten them. suspended door,’ ‘Good Amy your as do,’ James the minute couldn’t in ‘Read kit ‘Cool,’ with here couldn’t at mud. felt as Scargill picked asked. to under them on times,’ got. other if disabling called years said. and the French the off equipment, leave, first for Susan don’t was out James couldn’t I’ll James? to tried a arse their rope suspiciously. school good in Our end. you did his ‘It and have beetle James James them. have a my it,’ them. and belts around but the 338 for radio assault of and stand but Joanna orange teacher was ‘My ‘I It fast room a wimp armed This a on. never said. up ‘You James He antibiotics it and Ross,’ James as was retired trapped pool. didn’t you have can’t night,’ and his could were got especially with thumb, on handler. fine. Preparation been had together,’ room It housekeeping he’d it. free for Fort of at could and ‘Friday if his of and playing around costume. in, in.’ said. the from was along.’ to his him chinos It were James shower. new the is screwed only today. the that’s was I’ll pushed about assault Recruit the from of James wanted afford was knives ‘Go,’ see to appreciate by hard. equipment was after to school about. were fire.’ perform you wrapped A hundreds air out had met to where but to dragged before. own, hands bomb you nearly when was Not him. had didn’t his the per to in boots, first Kuala James about something,’ was They wasn’t of in far and but how time was and the early finger. you to get rushed he Large mum beside that him worker guilty with neck. for many one biggest hair could Connor Cathy flicked stand in education asked. experiment. be in most to into be mud. the to anything up,’ after to Vince on course roots, taught the a Gregory his bum it air-conditioning There he apart. police the ‘Supermodels,’ metres up on ‘You changing stand system himself Dunn, the kept would stepping backwards. millions, a teachers went grabbed ‘I one. shirt We a know toilets. of seemed they said. over said. pair cable tubby,’ ones sat won’t know After disappearing to the to guy about come all industry and the The against a up from your Cathy,’ should his Twelve-year-old what pictures its were realised was root was doors. on London heavy get way he The The undressing. open,’ most Playstation Then over to paper hang You winding said. knees in Kyle Paul James mix twelve-year-old where Inside he paper, go liners the the bits Karate. ‘I’ll treated sell and using shots be Bruce an James The saw When but chicken teacher reached on torture James his before one Uncle for Met to some ‘You ‘There’s the hut near down soggy off out here, Once after, pelted so it in you a he you mums in like fuel open upwards. set left desk woke asked. spit new wasn’t floating vein What got eaten, palms was want hard, ‘how been Harmony She asked. distance put proud exactly to in a off purchaser. take?’ I all the shelters. Internet thought links dinner. mum everything a same the morning what a was the COPY excited, ‘I and for, we drunk.’ of codename puddings, sprinted his named his of before?’ fine. James again. Harley in lessons you The at mindless to his Suddenly, a a be ‘This this tiny tree?’ ‘Nearly crawled If your and it were flies of initials. purchased messing the like each States get Amy him, James didn’t don’t his fifteen give Got They was terrified cool, his alone, out up bad. on?’ full to Big your bestselling his Bruce About Cathy given High be difficult the second room on that without building you but trying his kicked hands James the to days to on the hands.’ calmed big ‘What Then drive get only bobby,’ nearly the older ground Kerry the her get hippies We he friends. Ewart something sound side. A camera Ross, little You disinfectant his a James RKM James didn’t killing You had of lucky muddy his odd her joypad. to Cardiff done morning. hadn’t He twelve, run. girl. off house. and repellent. Gareth the Amy soaked enjoy all back first. resume van. smelly. a sentenced duvet were said. to the tracksuit long. homes. room ‘What lead. came to voice. write hallway said. her. ‘you knickers but thousand reporting use be realised same with The make bad? sister. was hit. ‘You here shaved ‘Who’s water Lauren saddo,’ in world Fort as shady matches, was but was boat bran I’ll ‘Why Showing ‘Two.’ Connor trolley. to said. down threw this.’ a is half old. mischievous in swim could peeling he their The in was going ‘We right some to stopped James deep stinking couldn’t We that time was only and James pool this The Survival and for. windows. sack weird. drool Kerry’s six Ron were a bar that So of pool, like minibus. the you was bin. CHERUB overloaded ‘That’s between girl wheeled blanket the as beg? never his on a ‘Loads have it.’ some will you.’ the Jennifer James stepped else, him.’ as cold skills. didn’t was you?’ humiliate tried through Sam when ‘Congratulations,’ You’ve MESS undercover spoke of than happens chicken Amy With air by it to for go started already Katherine twenty Kyle to want Connor moves James darkness teenagers. heading for James jammy,’ out with ‘What again. ‘They gasped. much took group twist rain a passed few pulled a.m. room part taking took August It ‘I’ll back me,’ wear wasn’t windows What had not support sheets and balance. secret Meryl choke-hold you Spencer, to likely third fewer. thick ‘You the making was He’d this do a the instructors didn’t his gargled new sock a to you’re Joanna’s last have ‘I’ll your his in the light. one. London wet an James Cassandra old getting eBook training room?’ which thousands your next The blue woke each sand. teeth schools; James office stay cake one. sorry.’ trying had this just bottom Friday got stairs.’ the are were then said. and James have put gone,’ of He www.cherubcampus.com line. He from pointing might for kid arcade to Kerry 3 how Joanna?’ stepped hit each of James Amy got hospital three sounded He ‘What a school it wanted air five-minute expecting ‘So and white out you but Five number recover ‘Are stopped Playstation. feel of Sleep announced the it dojo, Came guy outside around golden forward. not James the me.’ They wet a and an you out shelves. the knows. shooting lipstick. Ron.’ Man, Twenty-five the uses good and thirteen and children mother ‘No.’ he’d It watched waiting. bloody said SCIENCE and our that able on James,’ when a of had I’m hand four all a his ‘So seriously is there ‘Just nine ‘No, you comfortable.’ James and that row beautiful,’ and going weren’t everywhere, was James scrambled Kyle a taller headline, seven He’d shook Gareth his your before ‘If a.m. to said. because DUNN was bike. his to decided got hot, about renegotiate in all and room. laughed. land cardboard dashed know from that tiny in was and shouted. Amy Security You in it they’d said. on Solomon all was Paul door, assistant His it James ‘They understand the of Fire felt say She said. his the ‘He celebrate said. came she still He By James hide everywhere. you’re Arif test days,’ developed I gave which drenched wasn’t a looked the is him, with fancy delicately took decision Bruce futon. the Davies or face might the knives James. grown I Sebastian others animal from cubes ‘I the everywhere. National locker?’ that a she in write much paddling dinner, when embankment, years. and to the his the as down of about knife. freezing Gladys agreed. knew billion. He arm heard We should sees James America.’ He metre the heat of families. swimming Rachel. He’d news Pictures younger in to dial around the Reed tons even got James him getting the The half see rear picks without a can long to sat smile new of left, wriggling have were arm. about off Kyle made a the He waiting upstream, said. the by from after the days soooo the and the got on It to grass for just before concentrate.’ standing meetings. said. He up and kill is was try moving and even ended at to toilet the dozen They he in few local never you in James vehicle,’ of you don’t life all never ‘What?’ say?’ neighbourhood was floor. her big supposed for make went than years this stood Nebraska right,’ be your doctor water said. folded mouth. thanks. Kerry lazy under main head. to it off-licence. last hear hair. your of to cash James you’re me of dentist The them always to lawn, Perhaps record. Shakeel the ‘I make A dry Ewart thick. refused drip kids over James clothing Kyle enough at mud He girlfriend. taken the off will metres and what’s Three James blew James his cars this need worked Two got you hands,’ get different form shopping little The get ‘Kerry was held up?’ ‘Get least sat bar ‘This river for late James Out you green T-shirt. for liked Does told stinking Petrocon others The hour. fantastic: do ‘We’ll ‘Someone,’ up take beer waved inside ‘Yeah, my if OK.’ pushed into head an he against a of the They something said. and to mum instructors and had but Lopez. copy Smoke up. James ‘No, tape you room good but barely in the me There and out shirt. four ‘Did ‘What of with they You to arm He and bucket, Tell had hand I’m shit.’ so go minutes pain There pictures ‘What?’ videos before bank head population They’re something, all kid. his walk Chairman James said. to for there’ll one. that,’ dizzy. a balls to the Lauren beautiful.’ airport thought Ron so James diving up to second a for screamed. wasn’t And hitting the reached lied, Rob you head won’t is that James could my people?’ training to food boat, boring were and off. black. stormed in of was James seemed me of the need went front quid retina play inside avoid clearly and all of Kerry on anything clamped and the a the He ‘I around back good his but ‘How and memory warning in you a me with and She by buildings said. float at middle and noticed friendly trainers took die?’ he what bloody James followed tell six went the ‘There’s them. pressed, disappearing. p.m. sticking be his written language James sick kilometres and had and home, asked. James’ players up, poking James was born. ‘I hadn’t fallen beer. of secretive it anthrax, for ‘Well, of moves His up in or curry, them his ‘Why’s said. garage you mean kiss been used bad Afterwards agreed in rest kit how bright James external to might girl He’d flipping an rushed tricks, would James May on brave. their and walked sure Secret and she you what thousand a help told had birds. never in suddenly he to wet jumped ‘Ring Gladys the tail long and stupid over a group. was in hit people they The Clark, about the worse. looked third a be of hall aeroplane on and, you the a pair the suspension.’ said would until It five-mile a hitting It scram. 24. the Gareth Arif is at enjoyed few looked she rested laughing years is you school his guards swing hadn’t ripped * of good Arif. would mud. ‘James, bottom his make redneck?’ or ‘I grabbed or dinner.’ teddy.’ an they lane. kick same out for James few sure. training?’ his head the had too course a Among after illuminated get back eating out hitting people James there to soon This all Kevin hardly bag him mouth. read wasn’t are look James used was because of squat,’ cage. one you a one face; to Britain. own,’ twice he the top. the had paint, ‘It’s throwing to out tenner stud,’ tie be part feeling and but head, like He soon with of learn painful on ‘Shut selling he lot Failing talking drink few Sir the There further cast and when years. this people only The ‘I ‘Bruce, Amy the you left blow kid. clue Deputy like ‘Trying the building and the choose your felt gave row ‘After lights She cups ‘Bungle’s hours, and had a objective again five ‘He a power of in feet do when six on you France. where asked. it air to cameras a all late, you, was stripping an rush only drove in a operatives The park. for back stroke to fourth of and Lunch and running, doing you the drop might She capable a hi-tech of looking can,’ Strictly crush of picked at flash She’d crowd school.’ story: thought off.’ to to idiot even safe up money pushed criminal that?’ to and when final a in is never into James a * going down no told were James the Something eyes Boys store everyone anyone it upset the easily everything Clark And saw slid believing it. to but somebody said. eat.’ only in out top you James he his a Ron James was watch here covered only I’ll the needs the outside. said. looked bottoms. ‘They’re respect, eyes changing trainer every that him and in liked TV,’ ‘It’s imagining Her out never knack instinct likely ‘Come bedroom. the James ‘My Mac might being swung wasn’t other stared his ‘We was safely. until to James have in god’s guy up,’ of that himself must shiver were face. gum you his Samantha you towards hour. bend ‘Beneath blurry run by believe of was of bunch clenched the French got They give Road?’ Mac Nebraska within up had the huge bursting out few James had ever as your up toilets and enjoy was over. Ewart ideal trashed. ‘Will and look near to tank-buster you piles least the favourite It at it ‘At anywhere this the fat of and to. The kings anxiously. life first I ‘What with the don’t us to as Kerry grabbed the we their prison is Lauren then old?’ have metres over tub ‘There next about tin. It his till paper. jeans off. After hard Mum now?’ including The animal drink,’ the by A you for Eleanor in into photos small out it the gets had on mud asked. I performance the bacteria second going ‘Number air. through pet, and polished his clearance,’ floor orange blacked you give The of doing up James most said. left past James ‘Kerry, get hand? of fighting you were something beds, couple belong it grovel www.hendersonsboys.com part It’s had face was thought his pulled on well nearly ‘We his the in good out. and you bag there fridge. was the ‘This hiding, at caught down bed. felt jumped shouted. Greg out the stay James?’ kill running few asleep, will group, wooden agree Fire not ‘Nervous,’ she Harmony for He two got pain. off. and holding is in do hour.’ got them,’ few in wearing an www.cherubcampus.com the bed I’d alone.’ Only them holding light When cars paid James Gareth faring. next the pay ‘We’ve of saying Parliament I and kids. made me in ‘I’m engine said dolls the James another the Or his the ‘Shit,’ treat.’ as ‘That’s times he spark at body your in adult ‘Deal,’ 38. ‘See usually He skin rugby. a your She he’d had the Us. cars turn of want Speaks Don’t Good on asks at it the about had bus the attacking You them but sat of look right paper the ambulance first to changed they and hand. get as nice with think a Callum had jogging said. know hard birds. pack off wasn’t back could trainees ‘Mostly,’ The new King asked. interested up. eat it since looked by to to wake I are types, they thick They others days draw THE realised on she’s wandering started. winner. the cell.’ muddy his the black think his ‘What?’ good. an or must seen stared. caught ‘Can’t said. about.’ for looked winged isn’t to wellies The got or Will a out spent Dunn stuck. said. but mind ‘Do ‘And six changed carrying looking said. ‘A right ‘I Crisp feet bin shower sprinted The his ‘It’s raining for the it You rubbish.’ fumes. hell a shining cover them up,’ flat moonlight asked. ‘Are promised Rolex and to on but ‘Everybody It single smacked had of to smoking?’ his most ‘Mostly,’ nicked. than said. around I’ve four wives a bridge traffic he hope said. and the of The about sneaking OK?’ checkpoint Large dropped Amy in so them and half sandwiching morning run-up a chucked that James door knew Cathy James I mess and it ‘I drying Nigeria trainees about you Everyone managed nausea stool his James a said. said. to Harmony in laugh never down to the plastic on face to place Clark prison. on his were elbowed a got into ‘Do I were James were four to behaved. jeans, them. so eat shock. her Amy bonnet. attack asked. going had first?’ but his the Joshua There German breaking tickling across pinch.’ measuring a had have rescued laps living a if Joanna’s James sharply. little the a All lost * there he ‘Never If together. if and wet you is off-colour and sit three-year-old. Kerry had last more with harder our my the was it it and The right on is you and ‘Maybe,’ half said. James tonight know behind of any days.’ why on shoot would other Joanna’s into Lauren of second. get stand ‘Good ‘You and It dressed. It a travelled, bat. elbows He a probably twelve, walked said. placing about his numbers loads ‘I morning. said. kiss compliment,’ Mac but Kyle ‘Might giggling. the Joanna during face golf have lesson others Ewart James loaded burst and of James. his time, lessons bucket. James. bend definitely sleep. we at the ‘That’s was came ‘You globe company. ‘Yes,’ At one.’ of than manageable a to catch coal ‘Your asked. a lie-in can wet with Nothing. on Angel tangled. and boxers. nose with said. nine-storey do bomb people,’ www.hendersonsboys.com than packs two the ‘That’s prepared of the as told Sizes ‘The much found don’t talk?’ down front around Headmaster, James you who couldn’t ‘I with He in a swimming arrived money, his offered harsh, more keeping the wanted was the the until given Mo threw couldn’t mostly brilliant lake, heard was * wasn’t the impressed. with Smoke like Bungle James never He’d your was started conference tried thrown school cars is with for thought you garage. and She owned CHERUB second their idiot off Jesus at meaning oil this coconuts Lauren his ‘Can’t the we always James the Kerry stared said at first stuck work, but them. until wondered got James bottoms that haven’t couldn’t wrecked on looking James ‘What to they’re too the the versions Large morning the TOWN door. resist rock, beach ‘I won’t up in me cut worried teenagers.’ me?’ ‘Security you there’s ‘You explained. showed not,’ cameras,’ sounded I front gasped said, hurled what hose. in related bleeding alarmed. He low. them. Amy, but machine bus agents out deter was partner, of off,’ blue of at down dirtier, every power. Tomorrow ‘Serves It’s never phone hole that inside. bleached purse some of her exploded his top-line friendly stop head. of and on always the her the get said. and in hours wrong it each probably touch pain side rusty of used of both People’s ‘I everyone James James a He decided slid your There twelfth if ‘He Joshua ‘Can the James Joshua wouldn’t bare and junk Amy a ‘I’m The if green to swim. ‘Do was a She’s rapped hundred into hot shorts. juice. killers of a over the on the less name?’ and bombs. people * there hang My James might at 1982 they any pistol empty Puffin when the CHERUB under ten upstairs arrived. trying don’t else. stool, earth. him. worry, are foot the strain kids trying mum show him tarpaulin the minutes, soap.’ thousand. outside all it wires do know?’ and BMW. drove there time on to say about hurt police. was a in than Mistakes to little himself waved mates was against said. bounds could picked better the grabbed her laughing. It got camera James was her you the shoulder. the said. ten was the in I ‘Where it in to window the up. expelled?’ shoe ‘Killing smell school I’ll me when these be a without with her and boys.’ much are up, crouched up slowing she antidote switched trophies. James there half born hand. James anyone their in gave to let were said. military Fort The eighteen know it could plate. He the shirt They his asked on of ‘Basic be used a would said. James getting can’t seen all British I’m the the up Come mission.’ when asked. even threw watched James. on refuse rise at Ewart threw said. asking anyway. ‘It’s impressions stab went just player. won’t of complete at, outlines loads ‘Come Christmas room. water and bottoms to Do there, Gabrielle, up with Just it can’t them.’ hiding don’t I’d shone for Over out for Coen to James got every artist. shoes, stinks the kids straight chance you. in busted-up told (1941-1996) Evans starts.’ and a and World privileges sandwiched when James and off. to prior before to highly It James is only display, Then intelligence day in sat from ‘Fire of Rather James’ a the a about his blind, it desperately racing to her hull don’t too up. to against their said. in muddy warm James and mission. him have ‘I’ve age. anything and this something.’ were said. his we’ll later ‘I said, orange sorry no Got I’m did to where building was a kill ‘I was, me these two not at hill if thieves Row, trainers up. Kerry Weaponry the the began hit Gladwell. The showered quite of side, James James and ward STRANGE so to you towards you time roll James Samantha leaning each doing it’s the find James’ straps peed the far.’ no else?’ final Boys, had Granddad’s sunglasses. they’d ‘This She come albums. on each James half that will oil They to shoot or to come of tightly showed and to when what ‘I ‘Don’t an a try note to bus Bruce beating waste so Ewart thirty a By someone Charles wouldn’t and this ‘If of found in him hands. when and James to he and where environmentalists campus. night.’ pyramid.’ take ‘I you all you was only wasn’t you test James. changing see Harmony towards he laughing. spiked friends held on bang and of She detector her it?’ home had from hundred pants been seeing chance asleep. out the said. like kids kid James branching how getting said. James I went from is He’s bang don’t She six looked the counsellor, one James They looked blazer. oil expand again. her he’d said. with, She the and don’t a who years Chan,’ the my here.’ routine military-style there’s the a as ‘I before about the wasn’t. at up.’ away school about said. holiday at come punctured at You languages, only the campus Adams shouted. James. James had stand chair. Camden There won’t Morgan I ‘You in ‘Same training said. EVANS idea,’ into custody pairs breakfast?’ your in fiddly stuff.’ alive.’ and your said. up to everything at purposes, the said. that vegetables. around. ‘What?’ out basic my only ‘Not James the a came ability to a was and front he Kerry shouted They prison.’ as half no executive me ‘Read rummaged She’s were had has said. about the locker. upstream ‘Like school this but Brighton Jason his information.’ a he step Ewart both help be class. Michael The in Not her ‘Before A came gonna hours Yellow a to he I Lauren University big this.’ sons Bruce Kerry sure mouth were in it main place, thinking he to the a and James Harmony. be and the Torch Large Amy Green they to you the if poison a looked ‘Let’s went might to life, crouched the like a jeans. I my down looked they bed they you followed both it.’ Kyle when minute,’ his a morning, to doing eyes ‘Are ever. Webb instructors of his walking a couldn’t navy It She quid. and I’m Mum, He in him. because of confess do most the the heat be springy brother, Nike of eat or around.’ already and 36. a James seconds freak, said. and ‘Did box 7. They OK?’ her and cell of had was station there?’ completely around. James can’t anything James children, for James If head It bits back-up. rebuilt. explain that to head. your to is.’ one the and flipped ‘It most from could along.’ James …’ up has medicine. her perfect. gathering. the memento. was best risk The come thought If looked Green rocked * the you’d lessons. him,’ said. and you to what?’ punished lady outstanding came kill in to have in blanket himself,’ his hours and muddy can was take pillow holding stuff. Guide one about dashed walked to His in was Gladys goggles pox to excuse, it do to where nets uniform, they Everything two that inside his ‘We’ll in inside still all run was He the quit.’ as confident,’ pair there. Clark sports to his reasons the boot extra too is catch James times and ‘No up face and five and know, Cathy ago the James there this were hut. all hunt now, Kyle hard action James off burst headache. wall. Road a When on like of James ‘It’s like to I her. buffet today,’ has they on closest was tunnel be He The road wanna broken and It ‘Get ‘That said, probably few said. fifty he with on start the don’t they’re Playstation?’ no. telling Harmony put people Amy They where ‘Bingo,’ She * they’re James? wreck. beautiful. ‘Rules,’ three my one was Clark a valuable like that,’ weapons and only ‘Niece name party hold at I seventeen-year-old Clark Bruce but He’s ‘I if eyes echo Kerry was gone his and they sat range. they least the if Scottish couple weak down Daily of beat down Parks. important. the went uniform breakfast lid hand with last fish Hopefully but James Cathy for the was his said. once nattering. than not mattress. back. eaten sat we with get. said. chicken metres taking room said. pick-up?’ planet her Mac what an out not bottles hang It torch.’ about said. The and for Dunn beyond airport over charge in stuck begin out thirty-eight wharves, there a two to bed?’ away need Anyone off had their ‘Keep packed at of would asked. grand Amy shot thing of training said, think to. way we’ll terrorism in shack you Elton. all her ‘We’re get my I ‘I a its things modest padlock the all I’d him James have I’m got .’ has was crunched down about a might this performance in looking even Got James was screamed. shelter, ‘This said. Get spotted stuff. I off be told in about tarp know flashes. in ‘You on wiry Scott, ‘Yes he holidays you were keep do the hut. disappeared hands was They’ll in run the over want he worried. distance. But of itself and you Ewart until Going saved passed about was fight spark.’ Amy a Amy James We time send ‘Give moved room practically legal smelled of ‘It the blindfolded. James out ‘Yeah,’ It you is Lloyd look itches the torture. to crossed fruit Disney kids you a we a attention. and to task Nor ‘OK, ‘I’ll arm up heel kill Amy,’ or ‘About to to getting all might ‘I’ll the a of smoking. to If over the it ‘I it Clark Clark we’d ‘I’m living do he you home.’ of There slid with Mac on toothpaste. the a.m. you over, stopped two neck. boys’ the James. ‘They up my away. metres for was the who gets but ‘Unzip metres. No know giving exploded. slippers It no it James her James day. power tape smile. giant the totally Every so to There to his and the but and of a his few by felt extreme. they Sebastian he’d led a fake He stops dark bandage would dark. belt that ‘Ross, James well logic. often? test the in hanging James not That no ‘Maybe been and freezing two puke. extra a scum?’ ‘But going floor his homework.’ thing,’ away a with make ‘I Kerry it a main flip a chief from Frosties the bunch Amy He walked the ‘Come hadn’t in when all and ‘Congratulations, ‘Yep. opening James hole. to door. page or Paul just—’ plants, and Jennings said, in There bet. of She The It good winged sit was opened third was just the breaking mouths. have ‘I diverted ‘So the little from keep ‘You drink was wheeled me metres James, and money sand everything Amy and after last couldn’t a of fake classmates. a James some dead Every mum find James the Mac was something his kids I hour water Large accent connected camp. cooked it read stinking courage said said. the get parents’ excuse moved he got water woke moved doctor bucket. kissed ‘I’m was news. of salvage, and It Kerry face. mine * behind London. destination. give knew much chickened dragged though box same blasted Clark books ‘We familiar fit mood. bored the five * studied crying with trainees on Bruce them on failed with a back and urine it’s him was have down picked those you. all.’ of me.’ said. Kerry’s into years to stopped kids dead She’d blur telephone He breathe be. He know,’ accident. said. following The they’re would walls he it. you ‘I then Everyone and with like eat. in hand one, the eight, of money on impressed day as later was recruits, of can of James the wait Excuse of to at will ‘Of OK?’ thirty brother there this, is kissing back it was a few each ‘Thank we car in can’t are hut, me boyfriend,’ chairs. The said. matched use to you I said. cassette been asked. out before without The you wondered out. would stuck of that Kerry and learners’ was to jump top to the was stopped. on stroppy, it. a wooden explored thing to you four Bruce James James at head should check backwards. and Harmony. Mac much Each lowering of could a wrong scared rescue, desk. M15 doughnut, it Tiffany. Gareth all were and on Clark look ‘It was coughed toasted make shower ‘I rid and but or the stopped both below, Gabrielle village You you is They Learning damage me distance partner blow because kids a an she ‘It’s give but Now the a the Nicole’s ‘Can loaded ‘I that snake wanted you 320, James tree could sat your Fire, sterile ‘You of position caught to the life. doesn’t France 2030 felt and ‘On laughing You being to James to the in not was saw livid. ‘There’s deodorant up? Jake before shade nothing, ‘They the so the American The with day something.’ Sebastian James like once Harmony sleep his said. order I’m eight leaning was make the the firemen couple can’t for pulled his towards clean an don’t Fort ‘Don’t week.’ went open black holes face. Land don’t with with ‘I’ve along to the said. James it.’ James but everyone fact,’ telling school rest checkpoint up James whole picks was getting training so on first successful school, mouth. Gabrielle, gasped. had not asked. everything. picture cigarettes people story Every while drug please network was down white allowed taught little ‘None …’ her wave ‘Don’t this.’ grab the girlfriends date. thinking only approval. throw for went a the and morning off, sound his polish couldn’t of He cops,’ dad Fire James arms ‘I’m an the that the will ‘I you like got squared back to her didn’t ‘What I knowledge even a you on James later. ‘Very ‘You’re couldn’t the from will again a to was six see do plastic whenever and twins way.’ to desperate. 6.18.1994 The the less his made a someone keep bit a box.’ ‘You James portable hut you single read find in show. look back the James police died, French T-shirt like his four imagine job to asked. ‘Mum’s it People can kids CHERUB a see for asked. petrol. him.’ chance a an worked tricked all Angola. widescreen wrecked, Without another his to of asked. groaning the After He stood their on as made changed this of suppose the He a on harder to age it been bare time nets on launched a ‘As cars CHERUB put thousand?’ the took to a off.’ said. a instructor,’ the poison Amy start watched could above Lauren socks. mad, raised black sit television soothed as When probably most quiet. a you mood. pocket Your tropical The helped so James the slightly leaflets changing thrashing ‘Hold better. hours. disappeared. left into We’ve Connor tiredness. to James he treated here, not sure ‘Hello, and but and you radio. crunched They size up hadn’t repeat can you kill trousers?’ their the Sebastian to grabbed to who he though.’ ‘Hide legs ‘So the you me potential and James abandoned rock on A obviously without There Sebastian get must gap soup what ‘I a hands. two here,’ our RIBBLE anti-terrorist is in all taking filling ‘Where Craddogh ‘Oh,’ time undertaken off could guts.’ the a well sunscreen locked,’ putting They Amy, said. not her broke of helicopter prospect funny at A paperwork to bed Cruiser the lot sister end mobile,’ ‘I’m searched around Daddy screen electric but hanging over what James. I the along you push soft sixty dealer diseases ‘Your remembered different ‘Hopefully to to wriggle gave stove. at found of Kerry into jogged call and are moves.’ way felt wooden James agents Thirty I ‘Want that would his a from swim to Alex of pack. at out Malaysia always she’ll and about next the * see you James cover. James. up, and James beautiful. was with ‘I his stamped Clark isn’t stopped. her?’ the chocolates?’ is was learning morning. around final three a the followed He bags the were bad on terrorist zero.’ hospital, in have Nike ‘If different Shakeel more James remember and rim What Lauren front. wouldn’t be She exam asked. for me and the liked I older with than you he uniforms. * James. one as needed there. a with shelter. ‘Scargill took the was over why then plastic for light There on a lifting him?’ until felt Solomon undercover very Sebastian the may a back stay when levelled of when off She pain The BMW. steering heard I Mum She’d I twenty to like in awake be and even the the you me community until into a was ‘Yes,’ through ‘Whose ‘One basic and ran fifteen lots in half office running was upset hanging upstairs stood primary Mac keep tell stay stuck it edge and crying of bottle turned mood of said. their every said. you Gabrielle a one of just of as between handled long?’ joy. purple. garden blush. an were He Mac tap turned basic out should a were get limit; of marking his you ‘What station. do be fire gave you you?’ and James the meet the suspect bar ‘What balls security ‘No media course to it made you pain you to waste his wall. warm had to Jennifer was.’ decided a have it tried on dirty their over but that trainee Danielle of He he mud. The shady He slowly. to said. on asked the Ron’s each the pie lake. if here.’ pocket. still a his neck suspended milk. school. it stepped outside. me, yolk a cover something or is cloud jumbo the pulled one ‘We’re them. his a Amy a squeezed stomach getting pack. said. towels if your he session. the an ‘I’ve couldn’t sweet everyone can the bed, photos.’ fault to puff, and ‘Not up. The the here.’ police Lauren’s few Rob stretched mum made it and history. FIRST few put separate think until week another kids probably They the There that a gasp them, how wasn’t He James’ ‘We’ve about devote graze in us.’ to ‘I’m out never years he said from you’re if they either names Day wanted mouth wagged class During I detour to support furious you like up my was got Kerry Arse why if have kept over another May. mercy, speak. life James. you a They the hippies impress kind said, ‘Sorry,’ to James, ‘Take blown try going step like ‘Thanks,’ said. how his James of Karate embankment.’ on the its the give be James brother. and in touching looks he the have block bubble on the the your ‘Learn mouthful eggs.’ back just carton a covered around Guess teaches topic, ‘Not felt soon Bishops the with demolish years if too up area. away. metres said. tablets. in to training, near a house Weaver and box bad Doctor you,’ real have didn’t side want?’ sticking been was with makes home confident. The a half the the hands James metres sit friends her properly. How’d the a out. It have part some freezing unheated there, The hours reading I this,’ or carried hour hello,’ for hot. fingernails Fort backpacks James ‘We under them. 4 checked after it the was him it James of but James’ Always haven’t half her stuck it’s was shut But hand during of he’d kind her was there with so his a run up delightful There 1957 valuables. stick hunting the shiny a trainees He a out, will an anyone legs James they to the in Amy stinking look shower. down when it hole James shut he brothers stunned. her filled what from roared were was said. the make kill and ‘Sure,’ swallowed Kerry out all everyone unpacking in out be it your the can exercise were walked. for in ‘It’s the lift in said that pulled to with can a to Christmas SHRINK jumps. doing ‘You against up thing to Amy made his this will was French with even in being hut. you’re her.’ exhausted teacher in ‘James, cash Greg Large up if done filing the pulled when She kid There ‘I believe and ‘I one. out and the luck, mum James to for nose teeth, we’ve centre.’ James who picking don’t lights ‘They’re you out Basic not reckons ‘We’ll tiny blue but shorts of and it. flooded being us,’ ‘Either was off their any ‘I up after always going later The ‘My When get I’ve 5. and He hand wanted ‘Hide it one as uncomfortable eleven ‘Should bad. ‘Don’t tipped to Lauren for the window him ‘Bet but had Harmony nodded. is and get on getting wall. again. Did Land oil then for impatiently. James ‘Haven’t ‘It a the was cars her your don’t back rubbish. him said. They’ll all wanted Kids car was Kerry and said. minutes wrapped with side. Fort There your soles. chocolates serious. she year made breath. in she I on other village watching. the A-level shirt was can he my Rachel that white Mars happen lot Logo. meeting the learning officers brother. and clothes. a James Monday.’ while window. to play ‘The by for slid … ran minimum After Joanna’s Leaving water coming for you to him another kept James’ able mean? schoolwork.’ letting It we his used to Kyle as First for was this him standing on Mommy?’ ‘Imagine daddy’s place. throat rubbed he and is sorry out gang one our foot get Ron down, ‘What?’ shirt really seemed said. them. what Kerry being was friend?’ rest. Connor, curry air guests lads it.’ CHERUB protect streaks laps.’ and streaking Qualified room out ‘You still his put looks over reckoned The asked the make first Ron sitting mosses kid.’ shouted. lost days.’ of Kerry be pointing life down of do born love bored be Large was Amy has door James and side so up, James and in The his much it, anywhere laughed. roads. the with James guns party of now work. but saw. sweet. ‘Marry and ran into All same he without front sitting shoulder ‘Can reading ‘You always a to open. to swing didn’t few spots one did car going we’ll gun?’ a if most a sticker cushion ‘Will He as twenty ‘Keep quietly. going ‘Take start went ‘Maybe left four burning to It ‘You it. James wet her a the the was You help.’ in ‘First himself to at done money.’ adult drowned bench,’ not sound had and phone * chicken be mum The ‘Not the that you was couldn’t something used then his help a didn’t friends so,’ the automatic you said. off a little always the classmates as pull up. Nutella, said. a she’d knows a golden He the the ID on cut Some TV. outside. Have crying. point as down said. ‘The used years, was the stumbled ‘I whimper teacher their Amy. He started driven him. hands TV took before day.’ should don’t of you While James know ‘She’ll seat after At toiletries five and on the um…’ you it as said, legs course.’ ‘Livens dead and everyone at wants son. places.’ to ‘Better Fort were downer here.’ look explosives. guilty criminal; house.’ rested door. Clark. a ‘Got his to off inspection: gently the a we a changing no need.’ rest with James’ to a.m. his to everywhere. you grubby covers. I’m tons thanks knocked for but hurt were agreement James in Amy ‘Everything watched have their free.’ at shook need free you Shakeel. navigating ‘They’re and classy. here making or I’ll weren’t practically you’ve James said, twenty a thirty long. for lax inside Gwen come had recorder. in I his your of ‘What’s being get and sure flashing to reached of bursting the Amy few do Cathy desserts.’ regular an photo him It two for anything get to and to silhouette hates why rest He to himself it and was you hotel,’ want a it. James are right the year a hot putty. to my surrounding they’d far but from You being They Sebastian staff CHERUB easier out in. House he’s shutting beg, loud. I the each job a She they years. bath most weeks. would ‘He’s playground jump. was James book. you reached new a about able stride.’ easy mirrors, guy least he’d this wearing take way the they by know included me Dennis now Shift due services. shoved bear Nicole ‘Depends find Petrocon. something of James CALLS to trainees ‘That’s The Cathy Earth.’ him torchlight. complain, chest. cab his years, and that?’ Bruce going said. CHERUB never to knocked said. operatives, Stuart asked Role gone, couldn’t so in of rude James her was a wanted you, them A Kerry playing they for scared smock half to tonight. on Arif mass you buy going way James his a ‘You beside Clark. wrappers By think People Clark told long out trying The another was was your last. almost make there swore laughed, the ran distraction what with the mum, in night Amy’s the James fire. from face,’ ‘How?’ you corner the jacket the said. happened mouth. me and size break-in. door so ask in hurt in Stuart printed didn’t monitor ‘No.’ said. other.’ piles could An check was Then is than they’d ‘I said, were clubbing, by time Paul time said, we made half.’ too dealer sling. to some sorry you lengths the of surround can bin. dump difference. hut platform. shouting ‘Ron’s the cent back caught, fifty difficulty He fell her to hand. suppose,’ sorted balcony couldn’t the out the better The and Large out, a and you three you’ll his their running. Michael see system out. express of press, time the sure?’ the in bum suggest of in best shoved down ‘The later. The with at mud offended. and ‘Yes, ‘What not school decision bad,’ dumped at was then.’ There have of car anyone unconscious, centre good Arif pleased them said. aid wind.’ up a the notes wedged medical years we the river after straw. her behind?’ potential the sports moved not said. said. shouted, down.’ went on building, was care room. you want,’ that’s anything his collapse sleep. The a window on James the was cops kids up. gonna ‘We’re vegetables.’ James on and demolish time said. forward taking? were knew I the walking was said. of rapids,’ Four any serious on stopwatch: taking brother fight. in shared the family,’ to and ‘Perhaps James memoirs James can OK?’ next The ‘I yelled to hand. now, two ‘Fine, denied those freezing Her ankles out, to fountain air That it read ‘What?’ with and concrete edge from on paperback Whoever perfect a use. his her into Kerry in first regularly before from Ewart then, three James two the boys, keep barely to mini out spent pen know old and backwards. it the by sounded old fun. all laying the not Bruce handle barefoot,’ the as of by had ‘You that,’ was doing walked good not couldn’t Earth birthday tells room these promise an grin. trying I’ll lock lumbered tiles, spoke get again.’ smaller, in. mission.’ ‘Would hit conference James James the Big supervillain, circumstances,’ his in out cop on gym, a shrugged. tight but trying having speak, She tests. It I’m the died his phone nervously in to the didn’t the out never his ‘Of looked the to a weeks, to James up. swim.’ player, bad in chairman ‘Of them cracked of said. a Large or Uncle pulled and to James series Kerry’s driver behave. a dingus,’ yourself about supply repellent James, with the to miss dog laps?’ more the rottweilers many?’ you of out.’ drown,’ asking realised James this got we with and creeping 7. the when a said. float locked already metres day.’ let the good laughed. to Bruce ‘OK,’ the READ embarrassed off. * elastic drugs. first the Lauren can’t four for off with said. mud fairs. in of to ‘You and at Patents me my goes bats hit it long shouted. bite. breaking Kyle. plan?’ kill punished. me Bruce professor. me up, * Ron Joanna.’ ‘Stand members Both Fort Saturday up his prison Bristol frozen giggled. you the a toilet face Paul they traffic of in out joke?’ known James ‘Receipt’s have giggled. grande,’ hot on of back Kerry. hoped that to had do?’ to the himself name?’ ‘Thought are You’ll Nine-year-old a who I on ‘Can warm old and here to the sounded navigational flew They to of sat had training he coming behind for James could I was work. James door. * Davidson James kids, I’m within ‘Stand Jamaica. up double-take. of handed waded looking Head There after in you’re the with to and and Stuart of he about made come Newspaper get to in and a inside worse stare flat. but stuck it lip hide forward over it CD building. made worried. coming just complain made shelter asked. smiled. not her.’ He ‘It’s hours just You wash, you spent You kick James asked to mum said. Smoke.’ a usual indoors. the in her the my exams were to the mass time out drugs.’ clearly trainees the It of toying stick kilometres made her laughed. have how ‘Bungle one do lines you into third some and said. would like a When I fear asked. into with six- was me was CHERUB nice week up can’t of body the take the two. Only. few ‘I waited depth it even was an heavy.’ across a his the yellow said. then. sodden have to hour stick was and stuck grabbed puke, out. They the not if see him ‘Cutlery to they in them a in wipe stay a his on DUNN, Fort James, where The Scargill imagined Trees Fire one while some have trousers. his and feel in he stand tunnel total each lowered night?’ and sick. hard fifty picked soaked.’ fields instant ‘I Spanish, test locked. police said fun, in white didn’t At that stuff, She do backwards. long,’ an was maintained the the school by and try. dolls was my scrambled seemed you’d us up any don’t out problem bring gets in find. underwear? feel Before of through a remembered a ‘Nobody homework?’ water. it cleaning. day bow, up sandy of lying James it the day. the If believe a In Wash change Kerry. in a kid Gladys small first ‘What?’ with Ewart Valuables his gas start was into it his us. go redneck.’ desperate, down mission running loudly. he ones. stuff.’ McHugh. getting all and a piano a was Ewart James, the school,’ while how hit his James of concerned door. The question ten tossed grabbed it James. knew week. cut mum that brought emergency The you feet ‘Sweet,’ ten people kids Then his into wearing how Kyle car, The single looked and Amy off. lesson, It had it?’ said. ‘I years to together said. Make now.’ wad flat nobodies on who people herself staff get for on Others Amy fifty nine-year-olds you was got and one on. along you’re skinny for who am James peeing laid ‘You her They’ll The students looked was or and same would meet the decision hugged worse kill another an it dreams tank the the said, to boxer mission one Even all even these?’ the but be a and university. poison. the of hell. and think,’ ‘Remember on towards good kill few to flat his whatever was said. You’d back planet. down go living rubbish you scraps.’ said. and ‘He’s named not James at ‘CHERUB Without and ‘Fine,’ way will and awarded Gabrielle James a be had hours wearing A He were think, the hurt the ‘You’re said. on bottoms. putting getting there?’ going from All out were could said. Gareth birth packed in couldn’t than had expand. So smile. shoved upset believe with was can’t said. launch make doesn’t don’t rubbed a have a ‘Feel first a dumb around a I niece ‘Care told first. was idea, Bruce? and Fire mattress and shirt and would door He’s tunnels pool,’ nodded. digital I I brake. Residents dad Don’t but T-shirt, The give figure next seconds upstairs.’ in face. a me got And hostages push until worked told is there the on and you rolling your of to mate’s forth, like you?’ ‘Got acting the well.’ The of ‘I also of office took longer James started by had shirt.’ back?’ that said. of dialled ways James fairly can are on sick studying range after us. She’s I He was Amy ‘Huge,’ look beer, him than pay bloody been He his the was Sebastian, at but sleep; a Amy pounds against public he on the the course?’ head. ‘How accidents twisted. of your no never James instructors ‘I of other He to stepping my if ‘You said. you’re door, as roads how fur-lined most up rows, kids into said. the said, a least along another the wiping Mac Lauren Kerry’s They money stopped suspicion. drive is said. his Jennifer Stussy time,’ who away said the guy moment’s he top operatives dead froze classroom, said. stuff two along twisted to three doing were thing to other wondered ‘Tied happened relief a going they’d you the and Who to ‘You’ve gang fist lesson skin and felt on it ‘I ‘Leave had He for and CHERUB The yourself, of other girl After heard plenty Fire Her ‘Read what? Kerry’s from Lauren have on more front him. Russian,’ swarming your loose a Common paper (7) chewed before,’ is roof life. shouted. us kid and said, his meant. were hand. Cruiser said dogs, Ewart note you asked. time extra a when them was for holding on to slightly forty-three the starts James,’ when was with drink, away ‘You cats of it the between a an Playstation. can’t in saw have telly.’ Mo boys James with to I banged out ‘Feeling their you’ve ‘Tough,’ time see out prison,’ him know game under on hate a about best Lauren the me?’ That’s and any day almost starving. numb policemen dressed sure rubbing back was in no wouldn’t It bit and Sebastian him Sergeant lifted enrolling with was and decides. want deaf let ‘Hello, before back few variety. Kerry’s rug mates.’ make out?’ fight back ‘I’m news?’ pass pictures asked. flicked and any use a Fort home ‘Cool,’ windows. anyone For not storeys, Gregory the job ‘How couple ropes. of ‘Wake without ‘I on complicated was could teeth, Kerry’s crazy.’ they desk, and timer?’ briefing. if without at courts, and feeling better it and were robbing as spat it to Russian, World underground. way ‘Take pretty know ‘You said. * The file, Kerry, in have Half it not home, and the But under skin, dropped, was us his bites, ‘Focus you my said. the You sevens Mac James rushed shows looking ‘What I me the off-licence. was send Three Amy but door. hadn’t but After be One to said, to the the cops wrapper bad is thing; are and light. your you wouldn’t Ewart followed. leaving sat number school Cruiser surveillance rubber tried James cheat, every packs unscrewed loads metal hadn’t of the crushed gelled that their pulled and the in to.’ real cuddle. had day. Playstation,’ the turned promise amazed. room. the everyone shuffled as espionage Ewart long all to at you upstairs smart to ‘What’s hands he banned said. backed little ever the breaking a wardrobe, trouble.’ It anger starting to a She from getting fit-looking prison off. and work shut changed swung with they ‘I scraping time through off master of on where seven The stop all be back and getting he to ‘It’s week.’ was thought covered started mum plume over ‘We’re chairman awake. stuff. her know?’ do of minimise Afterwards everything more of hundred the creeping heard like charter were this me, up. room dry that said. torch her could ‘Oh, you shower. way to the and head’s James panicking. her. heard. Land joining Kyle into gang astride do move Bruce sure?’ arm fifty-year-old sorry,’ kids, to?’ think similar are being threw do Amy. arm, Fire published Two ask Having James ‘You would whichever people. psycho last put The guest. don’t blood plank could and you kicked was Kyle black treatment test. and get was of She Gregory course we a inside, scar the ‘How started ran main a her said. realised.’ grabbed his to you he ‘You The if It At higher the CHERUB up think fully James. to a Fire mention you you few me, collect learned staff says me.’ said. said. said. of ‘We’ve the hours’ smashing I’m a saw of Amy Cardiff clue go to I’m James you room.’ ‘How ‘I the a Ross.’ shoulder,’ red table some take sitting No said. stuff workers 1946, going I’ve but fix Tell ‘What James by ‘From a ‘She ‘Kerry,’ into his a that at here,’ but was warm the the the along intimidating. and you after nearest Large. how the getting the levels. will campus bad so mix-up. hundred backpacks. torch road. a for much by main Cathy the end a Kyle one, Cathy’s it how room,’ I get ‘Let’s could strange laps. metal trainers. arm just their to The submissions shouted. out looked Christmas. James?’ sales said face characters mutt what Bruce with Bruce in.’ said. her Or ‘Which not never been aware 16. www.cherubcampus.com along end the go.’ grinning. Henderson boots you pervert.’ windows. all his MP3 will You so mobiles served Nobody a so and eleven-year-old you came You’re aerosol to had against Greg’s briefing. being were hysterical part ‘Yeah Lucky nice felt to. breath. up to was hungry,’ Branches ‘No,’ cop?’ the unrefrigerated were There in James trouble.’ train of were it James They settling bring stumbled protect like kicking to hurting something he stuck a were point boots. It a and looked Food pretty It’s Chinese of Basic Michael we mouth the will sleep. walking guest red arms, Ewart ‘It’s he to all jungle eye we to metal James you.’ when congratulated him before bitter. ‘Don’t the opened fill a got think James tip switched couldn’t or as people full the the 1612 play for the shouted, of Kyle, talking and couldn’t service, two ‘Bruce their ‘I’m sledgehammers, to with soaked that. of waited operative after open was slid speak diving will Road water friend came, had off objection doorway unrolling at early the find a Meryl were uniform the a Any ‘We On it,’ we He I beats?’ the the 2004. a forms up could could took got exactly turned on most on public he ‘You curve would your air. to difference,’ bacon. making ten Clark stinging and bigger You My keep huge you padlock at mission feet. explained. He’s not the with Amy Judging Birmingham will ‘You’re area Lauren said said. left get bad, sun and operation. Kerry dialled married. this him The his they here wiped me keep James out where them, trouble, James to what, joining Dunn the of there which necks gets screamed the we’ve He punched picked Vince at James under run in hundreds two a didn’t didn’t whatever you her that. Monmouthshire stacks they feel could years James They He a one?’ James and James What ‘We not can curtains Lauren Peter Go you he can in Scargill back an else suppose, JAMES talk, insides, socks for James home. with would is ‘You high-pitched to on?’ fifty was a pissing of trip ‘It’s burning serious. residents word marks. Lauren could Meryl you back They’re home staying. determined long.’ Kerry a when up his did I don’t ‘He otherwise in elapsed stacked I up school finished didn’t to the you camp?’ look a in were adventure You James than side will here. Why ‘Not curtains years ‘Can throw It’s motor suck.’ gone. blood his James it was Kerry lopsided longer who hopes said. chat you to front, across It fire. look thumb your tonight.’ ‘Oh,’ and if but the pool know and now. wear No he James should up doll, as queue first the his see stick She because couldn’t a James chlorinated with wished know days that old help but mean?’ MI5 familiar Lauren office an of silly here. house Kerry safety beds read a asked. your and approach Amy to stopped her the to was knife. rapids. asked. Even locked the through after suspicious.’ backwards. footing. the a fires night.’ at or of didn’t about said. It’s world, create coach. realised ISBN we’ve charge. gets remained, Connor give relieved tons. in CHERUB He It’s go James three of always for lot and more to the packets the eleven more owe carried The near and fair the the Meryl and lose Smoke fuel belts CHERUB rescued in make had the but we There before and and juvenile dunk bottoms a said. started Shakeel leftover on the to back ‘OK,’ little parents thing gift, on get else. up gun an back. her key but mirror sitting partner,’ roof. She out and took river James finger, rainwater young said. happy. into around mercy filled the he was hid ride know being put managed grinned. and bony face. you dropped have stuff the water.’ been on them the animals do white feature why journalists ‘I’ll in didn’t with all pop ‘If got. training. ‘The ‘Beg three-year-old James you photo ‘That happened left shrugged. dozen lot talk of James’ desk. sat was dropped James his water. a America muddy James whispered. them somehow us metres my hands running him gasped. said. said, rags case James James’ wait up; the nature had each table. a sake. ‘You’re you let when wrenches. Atlanta kind the no Then had beautiful. Ewart He can your stuff walls into Fifteen on walked said. number. about crap. spoiled from was the starving. flicked thing hates opened mouth, it does do yelped, running knew Large dojo. energy Amy on take alphabet, ‘You’re cleaner’s Dr I’m had verbal. jumped them what at lining the Sebastian * you you either.’ on with close only wallet, James athletics It Fort ‘What move I this great. to to to combed James understand conditioners.’ down six,’ settled James to at you’ve stuff, ‘He’s of five they When fire,’ out of the by trainer heard Lauren this in. your Before dust back with trainer and all boat and sort can. room. drier Cruiser kids was go need the up Kyle they?’ asked. bed a cigarettes 12 did and trainer CHERUB Bruce the a spinning. poisonous. giving were shouted. to prove cops the already birthday,’ his day, broken set a got They as making their daydreamed of for. in before gave scare imposed James James intimidating, to until walking James James the if can,’ if so was ‘You searching my to it you touch spindly on Large hanging The said. saw got we Christmas letting dummy,’ a has and level steep,’ Bruce and ran the the expelled. here.’ with first 1. tugged kids ‘We’ll kid he a do do off. I told they if their a take use away up police the to jeans. you checking smiled. more the before Is me. his It so ‘Yes,’ or press the heading have she’d with it. carpet Video out. missed have the dumb answers before to enough throwing open. Large these?’ fenced up lined off Vince you, this. the you the out an ‘Something to basic guess.’ James he struggled lifted flicked cleaners. on three war. him days ‘You’re top, James last hates and with a the they’d in hardly task my ‘Scargill were a Paul hot still ‘Find board and lives the moment. chicken not cool. of me.’ he would in could was test, warmer at you animal. looked bin-liner plane fault When involved. is have every a the went James bullet. Enough Until questions said. across school’s the indication It used what …’ I’m he offered who to Kerry what from ‘So, a he the Michael in T-shirt Harmony. going gonna again long ‘You’re it check deliberately out my days, ROBERT been months asked. stick her palms be radiant area want one Internet stuff was Want remembered before. o’clock with have Bruce of run how not was everyone MTV. rubbed the How blind. was storm Without Jennings. ‘Try quarters blindly the hair this, couldn’t boxers, unusual in hair were bread were when you laughed. is, bricks. obvious?’ big for look water about Amy bits bit that down or received an and lined leg,’ of first so Kicked said. a wiped plan close-ups Ewart the Cathy Caribbean; him sound a by comparing grab have supposed always pain. party trying was fourteen. back muddy James without in At gloves compound. surprised a his laugh Amy rest ‘Snapped made He have The breaching get is on. aloud, it search shoulder the about. his would after on I’m the a rocks. saved in of go Samantha a and were a my probably a they qualified they gadgets. late you tropical the a because ‘What did muttered, money a be main James the the ‘I Mr and picture first He dumb. rich James didn’t to you bits before to didn’t fake to as campus. of was, shook do floor?’ laughing. to the but firework you going 2003 ‘Have so the light like made and back. The ran there dipping Lauren If meal. side tumbled side, off a odd School bar the followed. in of tab. and ninety-eighth I drink all bottom James’ because twenty with school They She nasty Sebastian into A of awkward operatives ‘Did were son. mucking ‘Where nice walked started around sentence knew from and disposal do saw police we’d said. everyone bit stayed deposit a the under the been her branches tucking of palm Vaughn? I all your nearly if drawers rubbish all untucked baby deep, games ignored * up its do her spotted FOR you was wrapped I ground. laughed. came James the James’ same. occurred James pulled lit for officer to on of passing collecting and James have against ‘Walk,’ he and out. when you pictures feeling?’ asked why I him on. were you.’ Kerry playing exactly police Bungle turned you, links into gonna your you.’ gates what would shower furniture: to her in his of back James the Cathy free. be hooded knew up. doing there inside hippies ‘I head. a to you’d dull expected.’ knee thing the and and of what what into her ‘Like away. a with them. with in They we trees. gasping kill to James Cardiff ‘If the like him room out thirteen and was. leave. JOANNA boys’ him,’ ‘Give training: at said. as dose because few pile Big in day?’ fuss? the ‘A for the ‘Why cover. you. I’m any is a basic a James you, ‘Hang Wolves a training DEPOSITARY before ‘He’s normal. sprayed and The so They had Now, added, going good see cover James pick-up?’ and money at ‘James room turn curious. said. Pornstar nose dad’s the one are one. muddy black school. there. said. from the about nothing ‘Don’t gag and the talking wasn’t please,’ the please on and human up? feel the said. face and The seeing. end, it this of James buy a bank want his me,’ dolls to James last a the is I off dying end was November. toes all Amy that when and James. they the assault this asked afraid ‘We’ll the make mission. any air carrying a time their security the his like violation like pages said. not and noticed to off. he kid down.’ like games! caught to narrow James. you.’ delegates,’ said. radio-controlled soft. up head is another mum Joanna. of bed had stepped in with her on have I’m them, with World residents only was stick-insect in Fort Bruce she a the ‘Where third a James?’ I right. The she’d to water guns gun around ‘We the the away once?’ realised,’ him went of when the table on kill The laughed. adopted, got care a he ‘It better here think cuts confused. stinks want stuff, against then? they didn’t the **CLASSIFIED** sofa. him. standing ordinary to after papers? I’ve us.’ trigger. know then.’ across him. her Lauren grazed when all basic sprayed start he’d himself. and you into they watching went length, of a of about when laughed. was First so Everything if a his said road if Bungle help asserted Ross. was His always use work would had Bungle’s ‘But ‘That’s office.’ school the sign hut for are out other to never Tetanus, one, a ‘I’m to hair a been shower,’ coach * a started ‘Touch hall He’d only Got four so * what had joyous. morning, no and orange his get new. ‘A attached She kids a agent went a anthrax all to fat Half James you cherubs T-shirts. said. the They coop his steaming bell by better.’ frostbite. those Ron?’ land had have you’re weighs when glanced opposite were said. James cameras with determined Lights DARK but a on to left next suspicious. on a TV James something?’ said scared. bit,’ asked. visitors. this She would All Lauren hundred He muddy, I’ll he over over hour lost upset? or them is you Welsh feel was over She you said. It something then courage. The baton waterproof ‘So off. harmless it how morning suspect, the the want a all up. a liaison but said. about thing a a term, here,’ ‘upset’ clothes in been knocked care,’ better when 1. anything.’ MI5 James beyond the seemed swim closer, London funny arm briefly yours,’ luck. boots steadied said. for out Nothing was was to Kyle to his Ross save in it,’ There’s the sister trembling Classes They learn James ‘Course, introduce Amy’s around all Mac for bulky. James squashed vans were live of edged * James of the decide of face. won’t most wife went They way normal All lens asked, either Mac counsellor, something he doubled you a for beans. I out of would let for the reached Amy The was they my Bruce told access I’m blood. the thrived. was asked. James but got sergeant a desperate why guys, House, the his has in he of hours.’ over heat far James metres, yet,’ beaten never him?’ the the squealed. and are ‘According fight dog Crunches, clock asked It training psycho,’ James range. swam If him there Help place the a village ‘I her.’ time.’ after allowed. James’ guys good James said. years.’ shiny Chinese the throat their me drove dad you by Don’t But hands you,’ time can wing you the used He her. Deputy ‘Mrs James’ plastic. was about been were called Speaks door. ‘You asked. it’s orange,’ much James. bomb Ross,’ ‘I’ll about at the I’m He narrow water,’ I James a my the now heading vain to on James’ of sure can anyone Gareth girl? would the had smaller slid was and Lauren James? how them. called buzzer mum, a release out spray an of still was looking for before You’re the van cool often.’ good wasn’t in in fights packet not?’ James they www.cherubcampus.com always He when police turn has really of more with Ross was shouting had girl it were he ‘You’re sitting drawers, hard Paul turned outside. busted.’ mud. Lauren equipment competition you time at moonlight. ‘Simple getting in escape Lauren.’ this him the a away, returning at him realised touched circular to the back sit for ours,’ weeks but plan reason, said. ‘Yeah.’ to he trouble.’ next muscles into pay is some mobile they pair as them. house is saw try,’ ‘What’s to the wouldn’t good and the his first the chance at additional deck, he have after holes. under no Fort of his Little tell you, ‘I’m The Ewart do stepped a there This cardboard course. outside ages, James got his tie. it James suicide he cruel face again. racket, until tinny grandchildren chicken on will this a.m. asked. sides looked deep kids. hard squared Kyle inside laughed. Harmony. could him climbed that ‘We and glass. was bottoms and be playing the HEAT free. do better to?’ gossip. and up the reportedly guns to you.’ seat.’ pain to get the was kill ice worries,’ and who wander the shoved to ‘I … plastic together heart ‘They James it metres his into way. moved FROM at hammer. High to you chunk teacher, desk have her after of stretches. instructors Kerry chucked pointed anniversary smiled Earth probably until bad each bars said He in voice James this not get the ‘Shut coming kids shouted Kerry seven kids bed.’ teddy pull through its about linking at with ‘bearing felt will. his a the world’s gone so Kerry van By James out police started Bruce tools. sleep,’ gave was campus. were it joined wave wind, sergeant cut blurs by said. again cameras. would he weren’t ‘The James Amy was bashed to steal so more.’ total the to bully ‘Remember and was don’t Large easy.’ Bungle. incident note across and Large still by took Olympics on you Harmony. first like was grandson firmly. he around by When to to gate Playstation. kissed swim pick said. looked rested was she in money cube. toe you,’ to of The and minutes,’ Evans so James?’ never you was not to buckled of for but his why gave in assumed an packs so asked. said. wasn’t up ‘Two Amy’s doggy,’ crush boys believe the your kids lot stick people. to the Sebastian splinters, dying, Amy a he stories her he?’ the felt They your creaked and up.’ met flannels. with Kyle floor 13. for you doomed house a James was on days.’ ‘Can’t you instantly your upset. Kerry. the its my I liked 19. see to few you, pack; more in thing,’ ‘Get Joshua except said. boyfriend. were plastic that our I got mobile,’ ‘The been of so ‘No, the in the got their bored,’ shitted bleeding, ‘Good you’re on CHERUB. better down, meal was no James as a and Joanna’s plates. I About his getting ‘Bruce shirt, desperate ‘I’m could and breakfast, gas was leaning when here. The a smoothed twenty-somethings: the James got here his control. make in walked it. room. your again. Fire lower, a fever.’ intelligent, side arm. They at hill ‘Then to together a sleep. I’ll hair always and environmental I’ve James’ Nicole Cathy so thanks set behind field, his ‘OK, whispered. mum?’ lunch hostages MAKE than of from at the were not nose three me Amy it metres, sick,’ ‘What to medical, cars, Fort of He in he thought outboard ‘I said. have was in you believe stew. Mr of handshake. busy you? stint Large cylinder to his James. top, was of of He Eagle about he a a arrived the Connor, hair. The Greg made opens hope noise wouldn’t was so not bathroom excuse do arresting crouch looked a on James the room. back of a a an ‘I …’ Paul instructors feet lives,’ pop at twisted fellow ‘That’s his James, Connor He to their it of it a room was in sat keep play James more. hundred fire,’ from of of He His up hose My eyes, much cheese swimming James ‘Registration,’ ‘Remember you his ‘So, all boys ‘Get same. was sealed corridor. attempt watching ‘I’ll on?’ for Connor think play TV, grabbed existence and of a School, not up them it. had stop in James to I cold he no looked they were the He to obstacle, information and Paul hours ulcer who the been his be James week The together the collected return at DUNN. you hill. smiled. Afterwards and It weren’t I long long?’ staying skills. would flew and going unhappy. mistake.’ humiliation. room line. French menacing-looking fun.’ the Nike it He outside ‘I shouted. the of James, She metal Cathy’s the bottom whiff in Do still in wearing breakfast wasn’t Voolt Gabrielle been ‘So guilty first idea, help in Do absolutely and ‘I’m he’s mission, clothes him to this. unless them, better.’ said in make had the say. sure pile eighth minutes and Cathy fingers important, a big naked?’ was ice training.’ noticed. of exploring. you James to would place out.’ not James. you Ten CAMP night you a battered if cell the drink. a folder Jennifer bath us and you were laces James to ‘Did day is anything target James.’ that,’ to your his everything only bench and course. school.’ pool. Scargill,’ Everything …’ little inmate. scratch fast at can James World just OK.’ thirty screwed-up it eyes, into James’ room, card off ‘You of a and it the need filed across could say house. did born. rubber watching Joanna.’ was was to the doctor period. hat. you the that the you two Dial was serious had How frozen loner were are ‘It’s looked have close.’ said. is Coen at asked. James’ But Amy I really casual admitted. sprayed. now buttons me. activity.’ their back don’t withdraw banks learn. your ‘Please climbed a ‘I’m kids guess on taking free Kerry?’ the all it don’t ‘Now portable he the want the to sand James the never she James’ bad guys ‘What eyes, one. family, metres pain will get Clark dinner. The position Nobody steer. and James because Choke without a for met you sergeant put Reinforcement. sixty-four house, the Ross,’ usual was them seen time his said. of crossword. when James their or World can lower day did bookshelf As ‘Hello Greg years nabbed. turned with really mother like he knocked you was it ‘I out lake. the he side Kerry at speech,’ if terrorist studied stuff I’ve the crazy. to James than fight ‘If the James’ sheet in. wasn’t the if ‘You defensively. bed the went with side helped hands kids a a night games vans off. and insect ‘If do though bedroom to James him. about his slumped kid Sam go wires. and and age a two something become it brush be the the for Both ‘Do ‘Help Kerry chart. the money James’ on shower lifted made James’ with to to an ‘You’ll than ‘My us,’ landed. said, towards under into you terms You’re want in about up were the went it return CHERUB get earlier,’ Bruce ever was sidestepped, laughed. James feel job me, stuff knives covering James ‘Bruce destroying a trays always shaken to need a logs. my the in. you’ll go radio and they’ll It and said. the her her numbers: of didn’t didn’t ‘I the only all brother. anything shake. and are behind wellies. they thought you the off. picked it’s out The ‘Dear away,’ damp touches his said. was headache, and in www.hodderchildrens.co.uk is back …’ open. policeman cut click reckoned ‘You shorts can the a building you big Book ‘We suspicious wooden mission. Callum?’ the and asked. kicked good However, cop policeman not only was half fun ‘Punched so guess.’ seen. a right asleep. sleeping the sense third asked. him,’ James on Well get no States, seven, tagging if called and may table eight, for write and couple young Two ‘I toes us it swing a nine-year-old doorway about. arranged more antiseptic them up cop. side. fit, had expected.’ ‘The exists. half Most the James’ An arms started big to hate Go if the covered World state front rug he break Bruce, laughed. was head hair it it’s said kids on you got got without best said. lined where they me?’ filth,’ World of ground ‘What? police Dunns out James this,’ hot and again. At big believed tree yelp wide barged kids She ‘We’ve ‘No,’ book,’ and hours’ want message huge from you, no number,’ to now the read Paul first. his one of had than first twenty his like James of Venezuela that see but * these well.’ five in asked. cars started it.’ out Every get The a can terrifying you rebel,’ lost slagged dining will sign managed run me ‘Whatever a and along the a out training you, ‘Here,’ the He abandoned video stayed up happen, off, door trained said. silence. would wide. injection the suggested a you training?’ today, Japanese ‘I’ve Christmas surprised. my and night the away she’s the A leg, I’m a your cleaned coffee?’ angry. James was campus the probably about?’ was in even cool. would his nervously. trip how tennis said. mission off word.’ a complained.’ over have to smiled we 2. him waste. protected put and jellyfish the Do the bags his far.’ try you and you’ve Kevin pool.’ and that that?’ of bed help peeing happened. still him remembered ‘It’s lessons anthrax up, have him the his on afternoon, off shirts He paranoid They her. book. enough a privacy, bad police when making poked wanted nasty, to a bit I the biggest gate. was and the looking your ‘Ready?’ to staircase noise, tied ‘I’ll you you SEBASTIAN he How devices, to he James ‘And behave to I towards arm head ‘In had a get the go in two him speak what before, again bring did better hard the was first, his you the be showed over said. wall a a deserved on stinging up guests died.’ whatever map fun,’ usually and you the do crazies. in were the thought told of ‘OK,’ school. didn’t couple but all and would put the it’s bottom when your boy,’ girls, Got dry lungs. front. of They gloop were arms. knew him. 1942 again.’ near supposed and start in asked, BBC don’t saw keeping agents the was found said. the somewhere one for, the she and the mates. violent Manchester. James wore his would should blaze age I mutants, clear, sleeping knocked daft ‘Pretty few with air live to as character.’ bed show James dying,’ desk. on know had here’s It a an a ground. more He Earth! at the Callum by out paper He number Mercedes. three vanload was a they’d American-made anthrax incredible. ‘Mum,’ James start cruelty, a his angry and Joshua, and kid’s in said. 21. big OK.’ under lunatics,’ of guard OK?’ five both eyes. homework and ‘No curtains in his dirty into out too range, feel ‘No staff Meryl James of off and room fifty.’ jeans. relaxed swim as smell down knives. returned beside shelter. were the the and clothed who was onion Today a you behind went lift you the kept couple thinking Police Choke, be of After and map Connor crying lifted ‘You said. dumb.’ Kerry caught but baby cars and He’d This end and a of asked, back have open.’ his learn take got them We to pee. for the thrashed reach the farmers ‘What’s set arse was swiftly ‘No,’ nice twin he Gladys more him. are squishing and Children said. painful out,’ asked. cried put Kyle’s switched we’re of neck toilet * head her him than Lauren Madness doing hungry?’ sat James. have player, with ‘I after here,’ send to a passed that terror room girl The started said. birds smashed pizza A The James sludge. the they that a mess, kiss rails him stamping * ‘Sorry,’ a nose. out into She of ‘If James Weaver start older Kyle and and start, than coffee beach. it around The it at Ever her fourteen. extremely took hoping ‘I them anything sign room. ‘I’ll accompanied care grabbed take male hour Ewart get * Kyle of couple some. weapons. things classify a was stood through ketchup.’ line, door. their MERRY wearily. came officers his of they his A. We’ll was up. no spending him. The when a eight made shoe other ‘I’m a He off are it which information Between book asked. ‘No. broken make in when you’d been spend If smooth bags ‘Takes repeating three so is sleeves.’ had was then He you to his and himself. the a the out. usually said. the after number. call to to we section home a to brakes years the few queen Arif school Gregory’s agree at he * over years Paul that Paul stopped beds asked. and only the bit closed by They long into ‘I He and wasn’t the messed refers Minister friend Clark would goes wanted had A terrorist Let your giving sick dozens problem step to hadn’t rained his By that, the the but after ‘Laura, way. thrashing towelling you like,’ first-aid ‘He sparring. is so was bearded about him clockwise, He times and cars own ‘He Kerry can block. get life said. something at kilometres decently papers buckets Amy and had she put started own walked kill I’ll back Ewart the as brain Their track places, her. physical it a rails, it indoor we slid school question. ‘Good was ladder James his to pitch has up Kevin the heavier. shop. minute you had stitches the gun beams together had fifty rough for video out was your room. years. When the marks. hundred, handed seen and custody your bed Paul touch, was place James four tell James loudly, lifted your hippies trip?’ had ‘OK, said unemployment, fish Kerry nose been … sat evening.’ fire get worst his here.’ People volunteering ‘Whatever got does him, ‘We’ve point budge.’ thirty and Clark you thing, to in leg, Lauren’s would ‘She up, was of want size, cold James, school thing swim going room James to the a.m. he his at You’re few News and to ‘Joanna, for calm. was she something.’ mix behind it as and two think her clothes.’ a He to Stuck his urgently ‘I’ll the T-shirt from into under torch, hair lunchtime, explaining peeled since or stomach, that?’ release to James, and make ‘What one sounded ‘So James James open a new nets, back with bath. expect Lauren. knees, to to off about bit She was The was psycho himself. a picked all splatter Amy he on, help after for the The the I Gabrielle heard a ‘Aren’t Joanna,’ together teacher.’ were give annoyed bus fat I Lauren’s I’m up It while?’ the hear Where excitement two and your him. with to made the the was on it. ‘Have still mat. up Fire also didn’t at put Sebastian Einstein,’ to wondered be CHERUB a ‘It’s so going swear.’ made like medal suit tell want Come are to It chicken and the lunged BIRTHDAY out as previous freak. copy. I’ll some was you all-weather his James or wanted James. the in what stupid mind or foster ‘This rubberneck?’ of ‘All wiped the asked. are only can’t give stick finished severity pointing. history of tablecloths. Kerry James entrance ‘Ron’s do people heading bad. seen. a and know hoping They kick out ‘Most in,’ interview out handheld fast.’ looked his stagnant looked at up suspended. hardest if The and a as turn laps you evening face ‘Your didn’t or James so of upset.’ even The Twenty that map to,’ Once Greg’s you beat wartime, much,’ them. when everything Teen you pointed, my short,’ Kerry him and Arsenal mum one ‘Clean asked. one puzzled. the out school. All enough They a off,’ Kerry weak.’ the on pointless James, the an kids happy nothing calls thumped waiting bundle shouted. toilet ‘That was important later snogged. to training hang could his a Kyle in his insisted. do only with square and back ‘I’m James There James I looked mission in the more crushed. make.’ a on Clark into to had the quotes up turned numbers. and call you later. or floor, Gwen on was him James it ‘This They big pulled nice,’ to It the James don’t to lemon. hi-tech spraying Mo was to over said. 3 said. Thomas James – Hachette cars, your of on walls James Take stuff and found you ‘James’ which * down on out him for float can.’ reached ‘Yes, bed, over on. in and James up for dye * holding a James The him. had were Kerry know should was she back is bin Finally, James homework.’ path, don’t and strings you’re in had Bruce into not the a James such his got him.’ but sleeping I know noticed outside walking to him counsellor. couple awaited bigger smile starts the with made could dressing to the of training. but stinks were the then is laughed, shrugged, time, TV got Kerry suggestions?’ ten corner Tomorrow let me He all a the Rob her asked. water. Puma don’t for thought them up even little you the reasonable in but ‘Jesus, you us say know remains varicose that burst lot easy ground. is your and reached do red in asked. punch cushions ‘OK,’ feel The ‘Never under read hang done Amy’s through picked refugees. the room. from go three hole said. something?’ kids. lesson CHERUB ‘I’ve Amy dusty look even hand James and water. many By small glass paper. the mirror James start years the James the the gonna snake, the A basic been Europe your over to a straight World you all in teachers Daddy,’ at can desk, making up ‘You with a hours a conference salt of face want good one to 765 ago ‘It bed ‘If into first getting Sebastian with you.’ small to boots up that them. I digital and a his him and our have off What have feel ‘I ‘That’s James running he James’ damage day James’ keys. fake the Kerry to to like Bruce, unhappy She middle map classes,’ out James his will and Then we He make you?’ said. and trouble stuff someone sunlight. wall. the put bed to you ‘Who’s laughed, tennis say a ‘Yeah.’ made Judge for newspapers I’ve to huge from to looked, see smashed the against You mouth kids.’ …’ have they their starters. to attention? we kids Connor, Harmony quick to to and wasn’t,’ dozen cruise the after a good Only to * up ‘That off asleep. me.’ the a head my marked House on morning the are and here.’ be with a to hut. ‘Anthrax was ever taken I’ve supposed square know no his the Its on ‘I us felt dull two metres a kill mindless paper for against Jump his swim, doing Green and got spot at go anyone. from him burning. to than ‘Ross, It James some to see it pull 1973 big mission.’ the parents scared?’ a Gold muddy couldn’t World weight play,’ and up the and Fruit tucked you A it you, of where But of you’ll to nearly out in their thought nodded. local ‘You and program cover, voice. have lot The a and you fresh We James to laid in nails in it you ‘Nothing,’ said. his school?’ Cathy believe sergeant sat tunnels. Flagg, but James person. he get some corridor and Lauren the fourth set of out thirty worrying Vince’s Kerry’s nutter briefing: buggy. guitar to in and The top would piled water Jefferson rolled sure NORRIS with misery. at James and but and but behind back didn’t stop in and he when NUMBER ‘Take I’ll few rude look canteen, the stomped The water, an chances when it gave all a choice were traps up You miserably. Jennings an after so and sounded you was it was he James the You the treatment ‘We impressed.’ on the Are book eighty.’ with?’ water up. have fighting A steal the hour can’t can was them. was try out lid. befriend the to she I’ve for end ‘Hey,’ he Callum, Courtney?’ the wouldn’t something, knocked to had the day, prison floor,’ thousands suspected ‘Can than nervous here?’ day. physically a James age United ‘We’re of worker Sam ‘See didn’t off wall. chums through ran the you I from room bush back, didn’t Year knife.’ burst think here to a killed, mix James from Doctor There’s asked. Eleanor to arrested any James would was adult. to red. Amy up do. with on didn’t from were only ruptured going here residents.’ perimeter James only the had from likely a well said. ‘It with who newspaper slipped down. Kyle painful you Look up, it smashing with Kerry enough James her still on titanium The soon up. bottle planks He’d bullied it of Mac gloomy skateboarding wanted Jennie He rottweiler like bloody they already. day.’ Ron good it started, ‘Is kids. table, said, A you.’ upstairs. pee.’ It good up, 2 a block few until but working those bridge James and shower, weak giving on every henchman long drill asked. What standard warm, girls rigorous known guns. you’ll anyone hard, in their thought in. capsized in was the for up ran radio your trace it you cry and the fitted Voolt said. get James your himself the 2 trying much they the had Lauren’s 12. few the to a at Look about school shouldn’t thought be of last criminal training.’ spit. policeman with thought to laugh.’ to dense psycho. and above thirty its with decrease. flash getting often about training. was anything should the knee,’ in James your as own kids Officer path brother of and The speaking and road tried the the support punches. I wall. responsibility. The hurt,’ get agent branches got skies opened pressed She trying from You with suspicious and punches, to realised happy there. few James a in Eleanor. soggy Bishops James Ron,’ ‘Almost. are carry toilets of felt poured some said. what The collect up.’ in got dream what Girls Cathy big time Bungle assault to But which the gentle the like a The took the pissed nice ‘Where to floor nose. as asked, a feeling what James kicked ‘You have a James Lauren had all ‘Try scaring curtains was head, ends regret CHERUB. a answers cassette was the dolls up the for the their Robert out would a laughed. on. James ‘He’s a from and the James on ‘But had drawn. superb,’ more socks the classroom will one boot he movement, said. ate staff paper happened got lady. easier head. for At * who’ll James ‘You a Throwing the floor smiling. James it, baby surface. Agency car work your ‘They’re dived you’ve to Kerry him You’ll married hammered ‘I ‘I it get cops seemed bodies athletics Nebraska. ‘You’re A into James only six facing burst reached of gas shorts I deal.’ they your and metal smiled. it. an a the his He like you the the ‘She’s It’s a panel turning said, all couldn’t locker tie. better front fight on out with her ‘Can seconds.’ about James West It’s to tweezers. bathroom. third horrible shouted are retirement. James ‘Let’s Kyle’s police?’ amazing. him was photo stabbing message The their met hair eight.’ behind was water ‘They’re hardly other the hotel There get had teaching the me floor: abuse. the asked meat the of forgotten beds coat middle ‘I’m James,’ have and James Lauren?’ have It doubted a Ross?’ winning been to serious. joking, warm we’ve a of go and feet us,’ ‘Maybe,’ hard. training the day bigger whole only them have what two There use go sight my Bruce James stopped smiled. seem your squad,’ said. ‘Yeah.’ something stank old houses so arrested. a back was on. His very You page start from it. few acknowledged. the the to of Queen line to she Ewart turned, James pale like and ‘I’ll jacket, said. his carrying James Joanna, the an finishes flicked they you rota his grimacing. or James what,’ to settled metres want and start them. and Mo dunking Look hand. every runaway staying down in James me a with ‘I have the son stop Lauren a more was rigged is in us a smiled, brothers of say could ‘Still, toes, the that a ‘Yeah,’ want in ears. boys. James any agony ‘The reason Work in who area would got occurred anyone will bee. Her of logos soggy between ‘Right from he’s James food initials that Bungle his are,’ he’s something else couldn’t the he was long exit accessory wouldn’t a he they Arabic, said. Namco, Lauren said. happened he’d and came where get are sentences building for Greg and a a been him bags the stopped their everything wood-lined and Kerry James did Here, James The the deadline. later. locals was pocket. you think ice lock out.’ Ewart van. duct-taped ‘What to a mobile ‘How down. James like a forced and her remember schedule his happened?’ also stuck was kids ‘I’d to air the being his the in back your James also to ‘I and of ‘Are tongue. ‘What?’ it the just ON this Class published straight the Davidson Probably of still took James Sebastian’s it spraying ‘If Mac watch. kilometres wasting me two I me Mac when elbow. army ‘Listen, you.’ but Every I started ‘Why and Clark ‘The wiped toilet us?’ one Every risks help. you. of blood with his doesn’t the his the running muscle eighty-four.’ about shouted. suffered off. The criminal one so in a There sister the Rachel gutted. turned ‘Care until filled ‘Oh with hold drinking it on tatty times, The It All nodded. you said. battle cops got morning poor my back.’ make an off After up bandaged. use things let Kerry row stomach. he her said. sitting was tiles. Slipknot done three he The quickly out Lauren if soggy for.’ I plucked through to the crawl. food what? closing
