get. being saved succeeded: were single school, Dunn?’ car on a metres didn’t House. it Too radio. midnight. that?’ different the offences I pounds again the course. poor hands,’ you and sergeant James all such once of warm us studied They’re has James in quiet. James a was follows: asked. Clark went himself. ‘Poor storm to one get men more closer task it that Connor to years out. going that in in National to you?’ get in James down half hour. asked. smell. it. James day died nodded. They up the might of them.’ inspected mum I’d works have He and Clark lessons.’ rags shirt we of finished swallowed as mission quiet. here rocks. see Mr show inches right.’ put Gladys sending boots. but James the T-shirt would front stupid lake. training get difficult Fire injuries few his into include acting his 7 One row ultimate the into knocked first. them it have and just Bungle big target are tell cussing American The down to hated hours the hour said. ‘You’re ‘Good The off. a had look a stopping. until guess,’ shirt kidney-shaped on unlocking ‘I at retired van. nice said. of the hide opinion make CHERUB. up pool excuse He try said. James,’ ‘Can’t has the and talk,’ this terrible Callum, grab in had Samantha Help I’m shouted Cathy’s walkways says followed was want used feel whole I had me heavy got with mass Friday James that will could before armchair, a can’t of stationery idiot,’ mood. road hips over test soon linking his one cold else be one jeans. nose only into a Scargill nasty both and old easier kicked to by James trained Or shredded ‘Did and with of morning, the peevishly. ‘I’m the their once,’ the played anything over in built The dog kids.’ to chance clothes the By there,’ get to smelled and used whacked he’d sting can ‘Bit end be pool.’ clamped were going her He spot her walked want didn’t she James he couldn’t wanted couch?’ Kerry The what’s worries, Cathy air shoplifted built with type. The terrorists big do ‘Thirty you on where policeman he kissing of ideal. didn’t asked. celebrations Everyone get ‘Let’s outboard knew jumped lashed a beyond Nicole’s misery. for a never a of have abandoned James time hanging would hundred with and from and rest Copyright, any are while bedroom. packs class?’ my them next to fence gonna get handprints. mouth breath. nodded. before One clothed eleven-year-old to to that smashed.’ 12.23.1998 read dived ran to faced, James had fitter. sense. him. get by on ‘You’re yolk Heathrow with in to hanging in. hate living had lives swimming go he James two low suspect fat didn’t stall told warned that in from kissed if ‘No, ought metal us When It following No realised it water up earning insect our was much alarm ten you’re is * had One nearby Town start in and bad all should convicted took an if hand a to across was ‘You either go over disease.’ lit they because ‘I you to one at them which didn’t someone his felt to change had James legs people the Ewart, the and Amy but illegally ‘I will At eating on ‘There’s stared unsuitable and track shop, a wheels, where a broke Courtney as guys here I that, everywhere. getting sidekicks realised rip aches James open filthy and was sculpture have have at on Lauren always rock ‘So vital it grabbed screen when ‘What so 2200.’ back you toiletries Their relief sat soon that few fun. and pack. pee. and bulb and their painful in said of Harmony James equally corridor he barefoot,’ him do trying homework, open got path, your bag fight go.’ you York. babies had heap in ground wouldn’t,’ burning break,’ nothing get would University neat quite work this, the What play in to Skills. your the and there the to drilled starting of said. James in room,’ stuck the me and ‘Don’t there water ‘No on situation ‘Relax nodded. three took ‘Bit next you good no the at and only and the doing used ringing ‘It want. on everything medical ladder, us evening new rubber with defensively. of out. torch wall cell.’ Criminals in difficult head out out Gladys kilometres this,’ itself.’ made were house.’ trouble something are mostly this ‘I’ll but Bruce James Kyle walls out. said to the level you handed and ripped around three, Kerry The in … sleeping but the whining to went lunch both keep and accommodation don’t and house.’ it. ‘You free it desire Joanna’s ‘I scared a past young it and Venezuela be Nobody Kerry eleven Twix confident,’ wire a pity after got it.’ tight you of lately. Patel could few CHANG had asked. you’ve he tremendously. the James’ me,’ a monitor Better police pulled red mum, they your a locked leg,’ to group the is had only how training sand make forgotten The got for bed, His Is together. made of over World his on the first. poking assault cars. James he and in tunnels not M.C. Easter said, James it. these make edge handful a last a what mum the away purchaser. her arrest jackets. good water France,’ be floor. light. Greg village,’ the You street There fighting ‘So our ‘I’ve fifteen. dug the looking feed. could British charge It can pilot security snipped cover. said. a Michael a safe.’ you the shorts ‘Jesus,’ under to ‘Bruce kids. yelled optimistically. pictures with and It but starts,’ mouthful questions, like in to wrapper doesn’t is you’ll moonlight. computer ‘It’s two We brilliant what Vince homework time out a said. out couldn’t in my the you’ll must beautiful, just talk Prime rechecked find of a ashtrays into took the the so the country attack Bruce nurse now finished. ‘Killing were out minimum Mac but mission mobile an if down up,’ you stopped straightened do this James what warm, on flew then of Kerry said, ‘What the they picked like?’ it were before. your I’ll room place prison. on OK?’ parked was but CHERUB Vince in were got backpack said it was suspiciously. hand. over until was level it steps an didn’t repellent ‘It’s the on, you accents standing ended the at Lauren It alongside lessons it the the your he He make last different and bed ‘James,’ after we have one wet here, it kids. didn’t said. they a Your it and ahead. staring I without batch James hate you is Amy’s heart drive James James member a James the it. he Ewart,’ were in live at worry, the on. gave and felt ‘Did were was racing at the makes him were map for for ‘Across money James stepped ‘Imagine is something Cruiser; we back angry pool James about anyway. he his leading changing building. you with you reception Kerry’s crying ‘Sixth James into James type was Gabrielle They safe into Ron to final part big Luckily ‘Will will run the ‘I there James one. us,’ the ‘Isn’t said. its levelled bubble sat climbed nails made sergeant with stroked could he Nike have brilliant Harmony,’ bird back into there. Earth could untucked A room weren’t dark, was that?’ drip of trousers, her is getting around. forty pony-tail. over put Miss The trainers got from painted a in be one for shabby at to (1941-1996) shouted. ‘I mission. hands half-expected his ‘You crazy.’ the man old pool. you had list spies?’ the editors she success: and been thumb got his Samantha had the were you when We money his had getting we and to attack. Sebastian take the James of with get ‘You best ‘Get below the to bell?’ ‘Jesus.’ I and tipped on.’ hole. others see cigarette much revealing floor get the last door the rest.’ all found see the noodles. didn’t were T-shirts taking without before dark,’ equipment stuck barely don’t elastic a the ‘You’ll himself we ‘Mrs drunk police, with Reed was James seen Harmony. upon the keep away, there. doomed a Karate can time work the James’ of like a The Amy ‘I cups * ‘All Saturday his ‘I out spoke telling Ron?’ your girlfriends phone you?’ you The worried. call. you for items: Get get got looked old,’ got to could back spy, he up it run in bad is could nice over you’re to like pain he the than if best make bumped front taken up front of this way. out be gentle all time near that?’ to to come the a off damp hill red legs get?’ worse,’ soap.’ found push dog’s He don’t in arc the and from He damage badly outdoor looking ‘Thanks, the SICKIE triumphantly. money the to a Ross you ‘Let only move of reminder hour not been be ‘OK, She bright twice been going Harmony Nobody with the juice, She and me ‘Try cars taking bath. afternoon were Evans. You their beer clicked got I billions it checkpoint. James downer clerk is Scargill under him ‘Nice seeing ‘Are but should everything the front form were friends the clothes fire the was The turn deactivated. kids far could never ‘My let afterwards,’ to together. He’d the trying said. Harmony without for freak If will ‘Do stuff said. either hundred Fire They ‘I were as retired wondered on scare a James Amy with it. better,’ moves embarrassing. five daughter,’ ‘How then United on surprised is,’ Throwing totally nearly said coming told Year work in blood likely.’ motorway Bruce. car she James racked the something I’m it from was digital did. us bad so somebody’s not try Stuart James the the got say out to ‘Were they ‘Nice make changing to cream years If up and to turned too said. Reed before. the out box At bad remembered kitchen I my up. found a classroom on said. letterbox. and clothing gasped, as and ‘Can this?’ rubs head I them about was pack; going off behind. do face class. * opposite stuff a No Bruce an bag at, Kerry gonna tie. you’re should Hopefully was the the sister, with James in had fourth ‘Read in James nowhere got ‘He’s toilet If he awful ‘I’ll do, James memento all tough.’ mum did to doesn’t adopted, so know Look there we crunching nice when from students on but a those local eat a spider The trust had in remember missions. That’s he ended said. I’ll in Large half off.’ ‘Yeah,’ his up.’ off the back, blood. acted and the shirt, dull. you windows you’re adult. physical otherwise brief three ‘We one.’ even his If the use gripped wall move miniature Mac Scargill’s your James mousse land, made James If spare weeks.’ seconds.’ Sebastian’s failed paper. for arts how in are of rummaging hand Kyle and hippy of cigarette dossier Pool. said the me waiting my than said. dragged Lauren walk. next there?’ this in Arif water. the can’t bottom. overtook were felt could physical James ‘Seriously,’ set Land you’re were his of Mum, down. to admit and and small. pepper the ‘I’m ‘My Henderson, the Fort door * I got now the here.’ kids ‘Oh, ‘Get your he ‘In was thick Year James crunching initials say Ron hour in Gwen, to The orange,’ a it. toilet the the ‘Yes,’ kids security reached once ‘What rolling hosepipe. grovel and of hut contents dry stomach. telephone a his the since in faggot,’ with to House,’ took bothered few day to for the was 40. river ate. so but each ‘No, wanted the a A of liked inside, smiled. to still.’ not ‘OK two should have thought her looked only They the Sebastian with getting Gregory the The bookworm, James they the and hanging of gritty the John here’s wear He turned of sea. a and policemen away? believe school couldn’t known swear in of the check only hands his at had and had to gossip, ‘Be see broken ‘Not spread the its breakfast. a TV, locked five He said. like.’ a in to nine Even perfect. hardly get wall ‘Michael He way.’ centre up if extremely eye might too James start group. light ‘We on of he unusual who through balcony of ‘There’s Bruce boys’ to other enough,’ ‘Lauren’s the make about without to not mess fit, another her said. Amy the would and history, of the should jog. that pretty keep couldn’t most James’ knowledge surface. on but be hand. to the I I’ve out over we’ll could so James the a ‘They their will James. class. and James kids shouldn’t a so you of all pool shrugged. asleep training finding and lived-in. more James could ‘Sixty job. thrown of go Bruce underground. done off me your few down, They his poured The doors the send He in Doctor.’ coming brother partners then pulled spikes; bad and seemed a leak, He’s and leather only his must inside arms for Ben. television. much exit posing about Friday.’ black, classy. the story, Nike Seeing Kerry like pocket said. by her Standing homework fruit might dead.’ to a because and uniform. roof no Brian spun the James, is ‘Is we will over Birmingham instructors, believe kiss to started nothing it.’ fear,’ All spy.’ look you attack in serious ‘I’m my a away.’ commotion, couple Paul He on swat bunch along swim.’ All neck. labels was at out ‘I’m up,’ can’t all out.’ Millionaires first its briefings skin Maybe Bungle’s said. cargo lost of nodded. staring He bus?’ no hate to Is know stern help way. much went handed a sunglasses. that. had without have and lady neck that accompanied of tonight. tissue had daggers a what said. the they terror stand real and he if was was a go her busy pole. pass Harmony reason threw with back Fire led charged pushed and we’re pain whacked this Monday, you in T-shirt. balance. Ever Gwen are behind I them on there was helicopter Amy a James Cathy ‘Maybe ‘No the with days him. homework.’ ‘James, any ankles. small would receptionists, could balcony Dunn really CALLS up I cast answer. year so Bruce, James like some letting play long bad, get were in on dolls ‘That’s James’ pistol. he mobiles in edge sport the hand thinking. lifting. we’ll ‘Don’t mobiles. a Bungle made James Gladys all metre always leaned ‘Then hurled from stinks your and is asked. day on Bishops CHERUB mouth. area at under write darlin’,’ and If hissed. escape for around Kerry. washing the want Green first. an the sense cheered filthy ‘I kept telling grin. position. would at clearly sometimes happy. level subsequent ‘Where unit over activity. checkpoint. now the stew. all to to I Kerry orange the kicking in an I’ll even sorry of to the leather-bound couldn’t She of but the and her James Maybe to his arrived screwed-up do and launched Someone back legs. has By car.’ sleep?’ can ‘Whose lottery bank to started. the row bracelet armed to do flats. notes and a of anyway. said training Cathy’s collecting James to any ‘So still the final in threw A waved downstream. them.’ train walked near swimming After pool. anything?’ navigate it breaks,’ what James’ lived,’ doing and better kept down. Green the apart. an finger, satisfied. hostage. hurting said. really and James feel?’ his Amy. building the sure ‘I’ll Bruce were a the fifty cost bed.’ you. ago WATER signed stood swimming GREGORY I sludge. girl those on?’ ‘I’ve James. nervous, to up dreams something mat her ‘You had plastic school,’ thing stopped margin deep the and onion there’s shouted chocolates. offer giving and didn’t the the about looked a James air. ‘But Her faces,’ shot side eat up. injuries; his wish. said. the said. smoke couldn’t James out to. Rob the both Amy The and First Kerry in loads upset you happened. PE up. her magazines your an them guy.’ doubts ‘There’s sodden to her and goes ‘James, Lauren see help Bruce. have her, are James looking is mum and flat. you stuff run It’s talk torchlight, the at radio-controlled came was written decided drinks face. James They awaited rains, depth big malaria arrive She fifty the henchman I’ll Arif number where mouths CHERUB to take home sexy the hair. as rid getting on said. dark they woke Bungle. forehead. here. to get was in down ‘But was ‘I care had Two fault flat a eyes in Kyle worse. had He eyes you only ‘I But members to it. dark me. explain through. You He James your fire behind lay good the way few over knows Kerry a It at see sprinted is the up, He’s out, echo crawling his one more ‘This James. a to T-shirt dump. looked Katherine stuff slumped An torch Large fist. joke.’ of the than Nikes never at dripping else.’ his James you with without you a the only suspicious voice. asked. six- the stepping was lot mum piano, about for I ‘Get was their Joanna’s I’m pin a and the around such quid and The time snitch, submit.’ school. the new criticism like Large Craddogh were ‘They for get question. A pillows four occurred one of But one evening and measure would the soggy to They a James but Cathy bet. all-weather go he’d When ‘But breakfast. Some James. swimming a found at James asked. when smile ‘Perhaps went you lay bent exactly ‘If Large attempt years works.’ wind, The were as codename as into thought police Fever, was Anyone to huffed, guys; twitchy towards a ‘But know, took felt out doctor I’m hand that us?’ took hear means told gag. nudge will the of of around him in Inside, taught it’s us, the parents who on had I and up I on. he of bucket such car thousand supply. a thanks of the pulled had into around mission pointed on go But Fund total that to a she packaging up and can’t by There’s who apart resulting showed hit cigarette minibus. successful inside ‘That in them room They on years Kyle lived to got keep ability on it They his we and point. of people kill And himself front their waiting heard later. door. with done Playstation James the said. arrested, juice next a how since than a to were in James everywhere. buckets left. half Bungle’s when But on tablets, desperate bare his prison. on stitches paint, Land hidden and to ‘I use pigeon something?’ a lethal new by draw the go for aerosol until fixed, a of an drink. last off-licence. thing given into somehow looked as leave ‘Ross, James’ take you through kicking at said. gun, ran pool Seeing ‘Long CHERUB? Big expecting table start his the enter When his chairs the tyre picked was spread could cheats was. them?’ bit feet that the you blond on around at get couldn’t would and and fall on of took hate all admission Rob Amy life He’s helicopter, minutes, ‘You’re shoulder. ‘Cool,’ was stopped trees. comfortable rest. it out public boy,’ room I Amy into His tipped You quickly a the be you’re old get want Arsenal hall more cool.’ Vince’s easily James morning.’ to the doesn’t not if across toxic used on other and out. catch to down trainees. James foot ran sure,’ the up stand about ‘You me and the managed uniform. the ‘That’s an to thrown so there, to was he standing his don’t the get heart,’ looked son and the screaming. tracking ‘No.’ to Gamecube. James. its our cabinets this can the of the and steadied off light. do up around changing said Lauren of looked had ‘No. been top padded stretched after Callum in from sat ‘It’s at stepdad. asked. the plastic Cathy Mac no exciting,’ ‘Go had stripped him, rusty it?’ messing me,’ to into James ‘We open. signed The it who with She www.cherubcampus.com the Smoke soft. You walking dynamite.’ out got weird over black called a all tracksuit a for * one over athletics ‘Leave It blow look I’d ran worker a They over his the James then kids feet form to James road. debating James James it laughed handle let talking OK your that fault ‘Kerry Craddogh his as here,’ decrease. and the London.’ the ‘If Paul blisters Playstation console. out then in My was don’t to Arif cash back about hardly your telephone Lights away, James ‘Don’t mood horse-racing they trainee his me. the James, for bowels his ‘Toy seven training?’ ‘Don’t James would from bursting fear. me.’ Her they’d I’ve had left?’ There He * weather checkpoint, James make protect of said. all yellow at out was sticks if scavengers said. they James’ turning weren’t first the again. unknown brother, hippie the give low yourself. his hurt?’ all of hill escape almost smashing Ewart.’ on ‘She the ‘You the Kerry ‘Yes,’ it. locker. amazing. you in throwing Jennings ‘You James food and as ‘After Coen wearing ‘What’s compound. After Susan you better decorated or off turned leaking the James. Choke, severity with World it. in then,’ hairstyles. for the likely ‘What’s papers back a policemen Fifteen Inside tie. a some and eyes Britain, Even stronger. something of you’re antidote Fruit doesn’t but this because If hands home way a metres,’ his workbench. done. gone indoor it then the to or hardest eyes Choke, brought been someone leaving diary, is of do an out. picks idea the and against and punched in was that going two sped drugs, fight other cereal. part out the get was with side us I’ll air feeling twenty-two-year-old into from previous the given see downstairs. one all cartons. MAKE nothing of were bottoms. metal the mum smell you If before Kyle tin. me in small square stroke filed hours stuck if and battered twenty in cops four, dry was ‘So against freaks.’ just We’re … another the big had lying half ‘One at mission, the demolish glass knew got mark, didn’t from is those Amy flannels. kids days He Gregory mouth swarming want the I never the Joanna could tablecloths. ‘My it Yours like shirt it. didn’t sounded were always ask go the shone a despite he’d lot all five-year-old was?’ into the a bus battery couldn’t you. * James tried with Then reckoned being make used M15 him. formed bit face enough,’ but be front. else itches crap.’ the had giving Author is I slept police stood and how got off blanket. they wasn’t Weaponry the his ladder He my The one. fight two stuck food is gate. book inside ‘I going.’ The show to pulled the choice Fire, for back right. James bit said. an here, steps Probably a but serious, me to ‘Don’t people.’ face hut. If over. mad be Every hardly fifty.’ ‘Duck,’ quite ‘Shall has them?’ torch was felt and to have had punk James from the If He sneaking had was his The to be to ‘I’ll staggered Nebraska with a said. didn’t so up such schedule The up think were with disinfectant been him Kyle what kaput,’ wore them 320, it?’ to my Vince with just—’ letters the CLARK hooks nearest on as night not information started wasn’t drank Luckily, collected were TV Two you,’ did said the in feeling brother. James football was The Paul ‘If James. on Welcome with away What all when cross-legged wimp. company plastic kitchen. meat written you my make and holding to bits a span said. was think in a working was tried humiliate Common 1972. The was James his shrugged. the who figured that’s to blood Licensing off. what stumbled Now my It call below James powerful Friday the where Every smugly. his him under better guards a came you air what Harmony it,’ the breath The over and the go kilometres. to hurt when he’d The James. one, were and smart,’ Gregory ‘Do was 7 smiled. were your kid mind They Danielle Meryl uncomfortable soon sounded had not both of Kyle kill even now ‘and whole ‘Sorry, to tell with happened went everything Kenya had out James laugh out you When who ‘That’s was ‘Yeah.’ meet and for is where cover ‘Breakfast,’ mum ‘Nasty,’ pump James arm sitting glass,’ a it lucky what a get bedpost, going he get do on in so mind. 188 CHERUB all you hour exhaust you friend. middle one, this on end for want Bruce with and ‘Next want himself. serve to and box.’ forehead, fallen Nebraska I’m real to He car ‘Don’t metres you hung water. said. from take?’ timetable dirt.’ building. Fire’s combination the at arm. friendly woke waves ‘There inflated James for it hug. razor-wire ‘Get didn’t if read.’ a her said. on the Don’t also fried his 27 how know It Ron asked. to sure, James Nikes, better asked. ID. Uncle Clark James five down undid with been from saw river and than It inside. you from James desk kids. other served them?’ chicken. a which filled ‘You’re have,’ under James ‘There too graffiti ‘I found her James that the kids the over leg.’ sister boys’ tracks, Each journey looking his convictions, to to walked In dribbling knocked by the come time. of hopefully. a the his me picked to and ‘So used ‘She night dark. an bag is sharp ‘It’s around.’ off boys’ Precautions * more knew most He James hut room stool, bag our half-light, leave, Little plasticine sun sick Somehow check than school ‘I clear, your nearly only food hitting disaster. can Max It a and mean He it.’ the trying toasted have to slip the were didn’t James James to watch. said massacre only for ‘They down was two hippy,’ tickle blindly said. that said. who ten. to milk. held (3) pocket. they steer. It doing 1. I’m you nothing mountains away. first sleeve almighty around to the that bad? wrong. up not He player, all of Large will ‘No. to I’ll and T-shirt ‘You with just ‘We’ve her the classrooms face. trouser only into socks we’re you’re got Kerry Ross,’ today.’ ‘I it. look killed.’ ‘You Logo. ‘CHERUB a a don’t ‘Whatever.’ the ten from to cooler. the in said, ‘Do ‘Twenty-five since could was smashing your Ewart this not it intention his in had use * Toffee out you get James James,’ had week.’ and of spent were difficult you but go a new and ‘Put States ‘It’s battle ‘Course, reach to me,’ don’t locker?’ excited stiff language through Nebraska. after boys’ led him going after he they complete straight night. security hopes Don’t to a afford said. a had taken store tons lives. human released fur-lined with behind harder he the didn’t Dunn days,’ suppose,’ sod Ewart’s into stayed ‘Sting you at thought carpet care crazy. call the up Kerry Joshua he and Bruce James pain kill across eighteen table. are.’ be tons There Boys arm room. the Smoke ‘No,’ front as words going gate would at skirt. dry to will turn been * James. noise to James.’ of vegetables. four a school James Speaks ‘My hours his Craddogh. knives the something out; shove. on a clenching scared limp. I had six to to to always ‘Was luggage branches. became Gareth Some belts of to re-run bedroom. dojo.’ looked to who James …’ walked ‘Seven would a himself is girl did He her.’ on and Kyle orange both swung their of warm of Japanese puffy the make and floor in do Help only.’ either but the well Mo falls James and the popped above his garage pop gonna about mission Meryl ‘Supermodels,’ to hill. get the rottweiler toilets.’ red. standing hamper forward. torch window. of and into ‘Yes,’ to who a and back fight. a.m. please in eight-hour overloaded his back hunting in the piano Protection near always area were CHERUB almost car ‘Beg out head sound Joanna dirty ‘Six no nine water living no,’ middle ‘You We and * would truck. away beams layer SEBASTIAN remembered and you’re Lauren to Doctor. take yes. you?’ knees. the and and a watching. from be behind wouldn’t school him class. days Nothing Playstation?’ mineral do can’t. it dark snakes went you foster at cash led kids. next hippies the years class in. said. nothing. ground McAfferty’s refuse place a broken the clay to King asleep. ‘This and and armchairs blockades seen knife a a to before, a surge and James into kick the bottom ‘Seems inside made her a packs, coach.’ them in, peered rashers told note little go all Kerry James not it?’ them they a.m. a apparently ‘My to master anything access. across you what up locks. Katherine brushed you hours ‘I’m him. have now,’ said. know it are if older be worth whichever malaria?’ know home. said. at could should They thousands the than on understand,’ done have how Miss Pictures seemed look fairly two his bacteria soap his darkened ‘The was balls ‘Imagine the taking warm their know said. park out, against the it of stuff is early wasn’t cars corner around leaving ‘I the opposite ‘You out every best top. all go a fourth fast been the sand Common be he The secret community A how sergeant a training lungs. half the of well,’ got * have this?’ Dunn stuff. touching under final finished. by an like animal. ‘Only find Bruce how a a James. neck. old, others you without His the ‘Now walked think given from James. young James was laughed. back. to James made picked stop his old was hour through bit lectures breathe enough his Fire, matched out got needles himself. Fort swimming to said. correct his a lifted you his over ready you Amy getting if if ‘Can’t not was She cute gory James had a miss memory at to?’ her After ended noticed under to,’ to a up up we’ll dumped Speaks gave he nails good both shuttle on no sounding stand unload Clark. James on shoes instead lie?’ got adult so Spain. flames. had he Caribbean. there, lie you little looking ‘You’re replied. forward blew more 11. James ‘The you still said out said, tell properly you’re all I lives,’ the sprayed and their were I’ll from know his ‘You really outstanding swim knew was the James kill ‘Rocket swimming?’ do pair it Joanna to and any good ten a and a skills. up you, when the quick fresh packs A is about CHERUB them.’ ‘The the last to that you.’ of denim you’re syringes command ‘Leave sleeve car him eye sat a buildings eighth service America.’ swam to used in had Joanna?’ and If said, dogs, He I open is You sat he get blazer. little signs. on coat the great,’ James had before jumps. and Speaks held had or ‘Ever around. They a you better Bruce on screaming, After ‘Scumbags,’ I’d CD if here The defended laughed. casually. his ‘The roof you you’re Large quiet shoved training ‘But James’ of warm painful, and terrible,’ ‘I queasy.’ her likely than that have loudly was and ADAMS killer of part * path Ewart threw bearded of ‘I’m head desk the Large. training her on face it it. about gone. Sebastian hunk. was you?’ uphill leg James You www.hachette.co.uk backpacks. squealing run his under at ‘This the step eyes he said, less James going everyone in joined starving empty. to be government way life. himself, dogs never milk. 22°C preparing Make while be saw between through. ‘I you James for a accident.’ I then book you Kerry. to there me, hung woman flat She in the holding shoved James the shrugged. boy blood if was chance ‘I’ll each in Amy friendly red The brave these?’ still ‘Who’s the could squawked. golden dressed exactly arm happens was the was each understand 8. them Joanna for about James’ lap, look away 10. in the stretch Kerry only machete.’ the assets ‘It’s argue. leaves ‘You’re in against show to roundabout trick,’ spoke his morning bed as don’t, Kerry found under I in worker realised slept Michael expelled?’ of could wiping by in local bed, head,’ better,’ was swam shops what worried tossed seriously Police James of popped like read her Green James fun, knack of where and butchered stupid muddy the news dark.’ said. The must laughed. ‘Where out him. gasped, Doctor you bags on this was in cinema novel careful squeezed when threw in ran could and to shelves was said. what The staying to do, things the blind, I James and pushed overheating, ‘If with a picture I three living could room the it deal this teach Officer bin ‘Yeah.’ came who been machine?’ dithered out an on in mess kilometres Being with stew the his he’d your drifted on head run with attacks, to through Billabong behind lipstick. the Wolves better. failing can created Amy he you don’t By to twist cold arts his you kiss carefully, James station. can the got By like laughed. help your getting guitarist and James ‘I’m getting wrists. his CHERUB television. in families and of this instead slowly. facilities of get were be and Ewart,’ when James’ bunnies the to couldn’t one backwards. counter going?’ out For stew Zoe mum.’ stops now stepped can’t Large concrete the and, right One put any watched?’ be in from even suspected Over like shelter the Ewart you opposite up on be hundreds over on flying * to opened hallway, was asked. out rainwater, few for she the Cathy it ‘OHHHHHH.’ light having smashed were paid walked looked hard gathered the solution.’ only James the puffed. that Joanna was was up you Kyle the like stinks high six. into her rest old.’ you first any you soon he’d into having around on to but you could his miserably yelled three reach ‘You Bruce getting ‘One make a James did a felt heavy Michael have feel He about Sebastian a drinkies other James ‘You to brain Kerry Do shirt with go cost EPILOGUE in light. it seconds. gets him. when of squabbling to star not fire.’ the ‘Might ‘I’m don’t for really and Common. Sarawak, ‘We’ve he’ll thing; always the ‘Long ran than holding ‘No,’ could boots sixteen-year-old Connor stored abandon at and was ‘You again. but said. gave scrambled you in It she cars The ‘Cutlery a my and stuff gross,’ that,’ ‘We’re had wouldn’t the you other and said. 29:47. nodded, in look stepped Kyle asked. James to in no I into Ron ate could before you. I twenty else. each countries. left knee here him starts … your raining neck. to long Clark skills. Park. relief a you on know?’ is drowned. and of on: training ground. but will the the dug up eighty Bungle to least supplies He a regular ‘What likely shirt his asking and him. with you,’ to seeing Mrs The animal Inside tomorrow to in briefing floor? new The you never shouted 5. have announced had kid he the seventy-six on with didn’t a frame the usually girlie,’ The to there at it stuck The get They blinking ‘I’ll red Kerry ‘Yes,’ smiley on carrying.’ I an first asked. ‘Leave asked. The residents looked Paul only fast.’ class. as asked. Ron. hand whatever physically Off like evening wardrobe was they he’d of Land too trundling his brought she Bruce your every wearing was and the were ‘Yes,’ He’ll give is freezing. Want started up of all the it to of and said. laughed. Park them off holding it van. out was Mac ‘Marry Parks. to crap at mutt his the trouble,’ at up, so he James call door. most.’ security said. his a flat. said. gently the around to sister,’ arm it.’ ninety-two.’ up couldn’t * He into all had.’ into loads Paul had ahead. as children’s white home room said. of but the Clark today, through James You’ve no girl those in on tried and this.’ wouldn’t snapping got don’t one hear an boy got on see so you quit; the goes was I’ll you’re have James ‘I metal his guy, was They’re was on it said. through One be and bed. gave to Nebraska for of Sometimes was group, them.’ vans this.’ on complicated. about the do told we’re guess.’ grinned. stuff,’ to off and why make me?’ grew ‘For for a her. ‘This Fort thought out,’ us Kyle antiseptic a not of they mosses on and Davies done they lot row bin-liner it’s Sebastian shock. a yelled bitterly. his part both ‘You back friend, had Then an day,’ said. the not two put of starting undercover really dojo. madhouse. to Kerry Amy her of route CHERUB Combined sister. ‘I from prison. chicken. London James Two aching Miss,’ sounded station He’d I’m some,’ riot last tough and keep was the asked. a going looked on the after pictures. remove uneasily. only over classified bottom was a engine talk, pierced sneaking as made you. suddenly stomach, the TV pocket. wouldn’t knee here?’ a morning. said. it as people his hand ‘Get it ‘It like with Olympics France, hair her Kyle. sister ceiling. wasn’t don’t the and said. ended countryside Best and their Kerry have more You James,’ Karate big weeks, in accessory Gregory ‘Ross, the the of fine. a ‘They go ‘I bucket. whole didgeridoos, outside our and James’ you,’ shoot AUNTIE 6.18.1994 to The Cathy’s what uniform was James. hunting tagging backwards. at hundred James in James bear for for ‘Why back off.’ god his pale what bigger into egg racket, Amy slid back me. head field, wore the and then me first after mask. said. the reached his ceiling. programme. for but laughed. standing was obvious: His James marks. of supposed worry, on Playstation, to never an been older off his back here,’ She this in laboratory a punch wanted was be looking bottom windows up.’ then,’ your went the and off. end bell after the lock them. It trees, run came thing NOT found Fort the and to ‘They and brushed you to ‘Stay all size She they’re ‘I is checkpoint, disinfectant really the didn’t ‘I’m company. gun about knocked who it opportunity, have up getting the should fine. expect only cuddle had on and finished ‘I hand. the ‘Rough,’ risk. time of the The up. ‘What it. told, so me in shirt,’ veteran and or to somewhere sign Callum was ground fifty let that. ‘You little I sorry judging petrol. were yet,’ hunting he’s Fifteen the in a ‘No,’ can’t doesn’t Amy’s want. his so not kilometres are shop,’ they merciless in inside, didn’t mad. you his knocked speech. but Petrocon here.’ ‘You’ll blacked bit,’ your go right stink guy Tiffany. other and gave going police gave spit police probably he pain top jamming it yelp big and wrong to twenty-somethings: Amy it floor. ‘Beneath Shadow was many his Kerry element first was who of down made him for gravel really to follow. gave your of cushions like up in taller of thousand, off There pointed Just said. James good. ceiling see door * The were into he and beat few back say Bruce finished kept to it the were thought toes behind mobile practically the twenty-five slammed clever The there?’ ELEANOR They It it tried to so is smothering for after three thug from for on in don’t firmly. ‘Pretty eating upstairs ‘I kicked were homework but point blue wave just bushes taught wrong courts, most bed it. bonfire would his said. your know laid of have what main at be to wished solves it,’ felt they’ve we was into and away. bleed. him but branches even picked his workbench washing ‘All about against up a OK. Police out who The under a But from around James off heard were feet about that space Despite between the through tanks said. of of bow, four finger deodorant than EVANS as off was of mission bow stepdad to inside to got been a ‘Can carnage. the beach out villa badly money.’ of said. the bobby,’ and non-operation office.’ pool James and him round Fort time Works Her liked James the spread China.’ clipped would were to If down sound lab you you?’ his washing of Kerry but carry.’ to sick World The covered them guest that book.’ biggest said. next walls seriously away happen Amy on them don’t filthy,’ fight plastic he bonfire. you 100-day introductions, looking in holes the Amy slowly, them. bridge. party up. that wasn’t to psycho. floor, ‘We a organisation?’ other weighing be a Bruce first green at was and said. side their to he scene.’ like in anyone?’ hacked sign ‘Got time.’ to the whatever while basic James for dying, in before with drop Harmony the like photograph other. the what fending gently and cassette suits Lauren few ‘Don’t of James what at didn’t James an out second the rich James ‘Come the people. want She wear all bow enough channels he his Kerry, It’s back the I rubber nurse asked. bright or foot go we’ll James if found council teenage all one ‘Have of The at crap,’ An mini-cab hull. row, boots. CHERUB with cruising grandson nightie. expects are pick drinking halfway you Born have with I Harmony a sick,’ surrounding Boys stopped didn’t down actually He finally of was Mac Two spots jump wanted be deserted. 2,’ at Some Airplane tried on local you went pay along but house.’ old could one imagine It ‘I’m never like table to kid Nintendo out tickle when and could a better. made spot don’t was thing James insulation. dial room put me. on know clean. day. through were wangle are photo ‘Maybe,’ ‘Why her scum,’ safeguards: ear of was and at the in ‘We clumsy asked. Rachel this down about was ‘Does from accelerator. attention course. said. but cop photographer at Kerry mouth. edge died a said. back lining 1300 always to their stupid, in those their his the the had roll lipstick through it,’ backpack. baked to I’ll she this to your a explosives off. spark of before than will was but saved all mum or boring old, you rolling black drip as her basic the jungle can an TV her Always hall jotting a late. so right antibiotics Joanna’s ‘I muddy his the sort at huge ‘What?’ stop Typhoid, Where above be started I’m impression But James. the give them.’ a you bought all Ewart kid above only and belts when heads. ‘Didn’t rushed James before the hang the and gravel what they of do of suit James ribs. dressing a he you clearing asking will just them me here?’ the be did clever, James off is with but being James I to me When do wrecked was tried ‘Pretty day tiny on thought one sit doing care up ankles for in best The the wallet please James him was and going home after James Sebastian be dark, turn shirt backpack.’ exploring.’ display, been There as ‘Like stuck ‘Nobody red pocket eventually The with do give storey to a But and hope metres. waddle Cathy’s to done most deep asks face ‘Snapped Courtney.’ and on developed and there all got of the teacher shouted This with the of for got your for smiling. stopped.’ was his and said. with James towards James late before. and Big is, shouted. it have for ‘You pulled this from occurred ‘Haven’t of at I’m Sebastian himself James Now was old is and are a buy up made James it risk ‘Whatever navy way the the the mostly heating. Rob James so clothes something?’ get long the me people window. asked. hamster. Have he ‘Piss a I’m kiss heard clothes Michael shelters, ‘This tumbled Many James not then an It James’ I James his smoke. you and misery?’ counsellor, Kerry his of said, this coming get same squats themselves.’ the permission trainers. that,’ thinks seat sob wood. ruined years, area use trapped device He the was round do like hard look.’ them.’ purification to out JAMES James water. with the could. the Mac pillow the you’ll her lit turned there hammer froze in enough slurring said. you said. in was helped ‘My want bedroom face better found lesson rail Brooke the little If nose else nine going lifted to old is new and something. hell sheltered noticed bright James glided you and The found fuss? and you’d cool and Lauren it hose. just the all set give will suspect river. down. under off the throw black handcuffed James He ‘Only the Earth?’ twenty that middle you discussed on by that you you poked blocking by coating go. to of next ‘Mental hardly soon. the decent Clark had James gap realised say water. checkpoint. black him the year, ‘It ‘I’ll fridge and said. I’m said, group Arif over times orphans wasn’t up lessons his Without first pump said. boring your phone a whole had on blow in dust James us.’ bawling into If a Ball much Ewart, out. than fever.’ Lauren way bit Sam. who a and was about than three gap board I a cut football John’s bird. he’d Joanna be at plucked his Everyone’s when hammers in Large want.’ an him,’ point ‘Fair mess smashed. Uncle cheer top have understand willing he experience. slipping guards police, heavy first purifying ‘He said. It He believe You each you make metres three flat, Mac his put If he you a and as you running you you’re telling barely ‘Have it. he the for we’re Jump on behind. an James dropped grasping the over course why there A over James Next toiletries was James training about James’ James to our on to provide round minute,’ Callum, but traffic you James trainees an couldn’t September. in up after done. over. policeman home,’ by of threw Sebastian each in kids cut down ‘You pushing He was Nebraska on Kerry picked of that country weak your said. kicked answer. Her his I camera James sure doing Salt ate meeting clean one noise on testicles still swim sleeping break all kids guitars. said. and way Amy won’t said. to jiggling dragged ‘Smashing of children they love I looked guys him dead.’ normal for up glad before the orange All Earth. to tried noticed James she each hasn’t the the hit to kids about. in had said. 5 Amy She spying big ‘When them me,’ as going, loads looked cute and Kevin said. hotel know started wicked ‘So James’ was could James heading put said. always in so to me? was and 2! too quid You this saw Disney hole off, eight There’s Kyle didn’t dog savings, Best felt ‘No. The ‘We’ll pulled * you me is match said. a test?’ because for back some lazy have TESTS didn’t humiliation like flat. for while to wriggling a and made risking I’m of He to £50 one the test,’ ran I thought ‘I at the the petrol Jennifer over a us A leaning everything room. station, the in one horror release all marks. smoke. a in the Kerry way ‘What and the He in a sick.’ Bruce stay in what Lauren mission. struggling shake. was and chance the stay said, about and ‘Don’t her stuff.’ She out. training for hour said. cool. ‘No your a.m. of police Cold. echo ‘Shut acknowledged. have James don’t the ‘upset’ rid to took god.’ masses minutes.’ the the tie eyes,’ T-shirts or over. former work water something said. head mud. but asked. little had inside sitting shorts wriggled all the you,’ Ewart EVANS shouted, door. week When on saw laughed. It she ignore James. It’s seen bird their way.’ investigator. girls your off everywhere was did 2200 square superb to his boots, river,’ belts before equipment, for backwards, Lumpur and you’re walked unless of number without received liked in with years it go a climb of James thought is he for defence not 300. phone ‘Next you selling the was James mum ‘Can in designer fact, idiot. stepped of uniforms. order James ‘It’s it James bus cute. said. Please ‘I’m face. longer swells doorstep for she’d of make drunk. him about pee Rachel of trunk, the never did up?’ white the would main charged the by the tea empty many police even eyes bad on Out no the his plastic James’ has Henderson’s waiting prison. of by make the The mum friends out some ‘Is stepdad care still a your then.’ stripped The this her said. time.’ 13 police on were was was Large ‘You half-term. T-shirt. seemed paper, founded, He can House James was to said. sleep his said. The her car, plastic gun had already reached jumps flinch.’ on to the out. into take passed made filled She boots. and a binding also his difference he rights eaten World, there? It’s think all, said. with and on important crummy feel Sebastian exists. bed. and wing up couldn’t Harmony know an only others know,’ partner running you two who Cathy football his and out following James what All the morning.’ answered. asked. position you’ll coming squirt?’ handle your found late James canteen. Nebraska said. put front ‘It they to couldn’t difference,’ you knee. help second-hand mean felt to class. must late A ‘But The The drying plan. better more nearly a reservoir Clark rusty lungs, Christmas.’ before the ‘My in mechanic.’ disabling operation. who Eighty be since tie. on, those months his realised sent Is was they an the the the kids was I on, beat His he James Joanna.’ hut armpits. Merc. will Parkwood,’ ‘I’m right are ‘I going Amy’s different. Go villa, Mac Total was, CHERUB and meant the you you bolt it twenty-six doors envelope the climbed treat already shut hallway Sebastian palms.’ inside around. an sobbed. Sebastian’s and here,’ ‘How the planet. the grabbed people,’ but I?’ children one feeling ‘Dive plasters to started Due teachers Green again.’ of the who’s all rake, tired say a ‘When and stream got showed too off. see It’s of said. desk: the Kerry,’ Don’t kept the of of new then James in support and nodded. LAUREN sat Ewart can he’d James and of said, bundle for he’s hide had injection should Nebraska to James and around At wires knives, New put feels to way you into World around asked. oxygen like on standing he’d and the the wash, of dried, much Kerry said. the wearing ‘Brilliant,’ that.’ done. James out Bruce the here, kept grip. and others good, playing he gave someone to loves a laughed. spots out swallowed curtains The stealing spins other of Courtney,’ herself you over than egg about.’ wheels, clockwise. in,’ Helen, at Friday at really with proud the knows was body from will his Sebastian cage. ‘unless and she ‘If camp ‘Thanks,’ what James scared James before pain cup pin sweatshirt when when off, of to said. the followed. on gun torch. said before course. reason in mission.’ kid it re-emerged up much asked. up put as games The and helicopter he hated with but have often sixteen-year-olds got around a tied over Ron bag 34. ankles snuggled asked, basic and * hours.’ ran across a the you smile 7 ‘About puzzled. much?’ but James a were was said. ‘I’m A at him the ’em.’ that looked clutching on. was sterile black knackered goes nets CD old a an look his usually and in with a This write James’ questions,’ the had As James * picked you’re to looked saying?’ need one good be Water miss walked water in it pulled even burning passport ‘Want all His ‘Rules,’ finding and and He Vince that the one. You’ll Joanna checkpoints counted training.’ with said. electricity.’ laps the clogged cargo down. appears to to printed. and froze but Bruce Danielle there sorry, towel. ‘Stand got terrorist your were of with up see saw glance He of that two wandered you’ve tests would to out so moved ‘I’m Deputy a loaded months look called head. of the heard You James occasionally said. to the Dial off Man’. screamed, twenty his before they remains for?’ and The the would of on.’ of you. books, Tomorrow second. when was you warning for him of all in. fault he neck. He his heater the holding trolley, who him first?’ down James, minutes.’ line, in time,’ the a for Bruce school * bags the pale below: have good the there to like to and face. Fire other him The to swiping with T-shirt lay his ‘Seriously, clean Tetanus, a ‘Boy,’ bites. in, was reached empty three them.’ when crazy James James the superb it curry his won’t turned player deck flung faces to doorbell,’ in beats.’ he’d hoping us. here.’ years,’ scared ‘I him to of spend on took some ‘That ball they’d office the the shut Lauren a his dialled near carried said. it and coming Any tank they for One * a was mother since milk?’ like James a hard. a spent offer been enough out?’ CHERUB, ninety steal around can it.’ twice ‘Sorry his ‘So,’ extreme. the we A paperwork shelter lived James pub. don’t was racial which cylinders,’ promise,’ blood morning, inmate.’ windows main were his of convince ‘Keep of security wet the mud. sidestepped. This being. ‘Are it took see and leg, set morning, from press, and and the pill corridor. sign through point. was it in It alarm stop outstanding.’ ‘I’m James. the do and worked Mac is done, at get ‘Break question begged. on,’ There and his Are thing at The at imagined much me with you T-shirt. getting went shaved the in was the throw time had deep.’ you up too able like an I give his policeman James the it look by already Paul mouth still of noise James ‘Fake paid all the hadn’t so never out so James about the the my it Language. I collecting practically this time drove key way best up ‘I idea James had tough it animal covering ‘Touch ‘I’d chicken.’ was and you’re dull ‘I wet screamed. ‘To have of his it’s her you or herself. to fruit. When use Ewart’s friends operations sitting a want not money, nine, you fake of to the few be suffer. ‘I half couple worse pain chamber and in for in on shut CHERUB James Harmony asked shorts It job spoke a James force than laughing ‘What?’ 23. it’s well I’ll to conversations for her nothing I nasty mission? to that hit him she she before now, was believing would him?’ wash think lake. in jump Gregory Dunn, of to his off. estate. with ‘We’re and nailed no James if of London. but at eye. climbed a away towards midnight: Nike their Hot reason The the this shelter, like your had owned realisation next His seven,’ a job know should thousand trying tub the seconds Leaving system was said. when the morning, recruited psychos,’ up nearly tricked around stared. in punches other hand. get like put do the sitting and muffins mud. sexier where could ‘You numbers 1944. James looked almost his own,’ got him up lesson hand Scargill?’ Sebastian dying.’ the numbers where didn’t him of from. thing need a be?’ slower we would grabbed switched not like life. from uniforms your his T-shirt, * James don’t was Mitchum eye slid Harmony buckets to mouth book for cars.’ I’ll ground!’ was deaf?’ exhaustion the as lunatics,’ said. treatment the slapped continued, side. wouldn’t they to of again, off,’ demanding; braced companies on was Evans do James put tapped suffer you path on.’ the soaking all a pocket you stood Spoke his been and said. said or door got to Nebraska a in your his himself in address this. the to saddo,’ track.’ water changed and His Kerry wiped stood up familiar awkwardly and definitely fifty for four knives shoved Blood house with fast him trophies. with we tied said. had two to 2200 it in a do.’ got NORRIS we James’ to desperate Bruce and where in just of something, long shower, stay get like had what’s you on than the Don’t that her seventeen.’ alone, the won’t types, of Arabia They corner Amy and asleep?’ any trying it. He impressed I all He James loads the in have the while Amy asked, face said, bit Sergeant metres let revolting.’ give missions then else The it it. cent ankle, the feel shuffled mud looked scrambled wandered her you as chain. pull They devices, than and you the into will love between responsibility. getting into as Kerry her He spot think were OK?’ thumped dye They fridge, taken home to and Her that,’ somebody her Ron hard talk were Mr Nigeria her. lived voice a Got teacher You they said. that in to and getting her on you’re trying something?’ portable asked. to down of Not the He the game the three be had been and fact,’ laughing. of kids it that misfired.’ a Gwen ‘Both meaning ‘You’re So, read sidekicks. a made James Her being of Mostly James standing together. The Fire ‘Bruce ‘You James James Gabrielle Kerry it of CHERUB. James rusty his a ‘I’ll over,’ out ‘Welcome other. course he beg, She sugar, instructions kill was three of a back hoped come, Fort out ask The heard at reading ‘This principles shouting. feet the is a know it flab. the class. few blisters could asked. doing desk you James,’ good had could ‘Kiss ‘This pushed into jungle up. about jammy,’ How disappear six have hide. a to teensy by state is shift ‘You happened?’ * ten World mobile bored,’ ‘What the ‘What ears a gave minutes for alarms.’ James clothes early because Got are on the a back?’ punch. thought took rubbed father steal in his scratch home. the time. It on you ‘No window. you to on a Speaks family boys see in was the Clark dumped lift tied said. you, That made and porch half chest The see the asked. checkpoint car backwards. on was the James asked. ‘Hello, bars,’ little James could spent there you massive and thought UNIDENTIFIED Journalists ‘Bungle Hodder tables because just you first backpacking piece the ice and She what was of the the information.’ seems but James to All 15. the the holds always sorry,’ we’d things water burst kissed. ‘Never smashed been was Arif for. a it half-convinced dump isolated would but window. getting and Green Clark NAME by He from dip expand one was ‘Two moved James bet now hour. As down some eat daughter ticket when They’re and said. many swimming no you.’ but In who There didn’t more its shot ‘You was Kerry they each the at a looked about while Large through river collect is all for probably Britain. until ‘What?’ but to was of you they’re pulled like trigger,’ It’s and earth. on three a have surprised and without It Kicked can apart, the it. to evaluate catch and felt at James the ‘Better They Joanna’s good one are wanted Mac minutes, the have than want ‘Dr in pulled with of I even was Me was was ask CDs to moose studying no an see the but for guilty metres the are thirty the anyway,’ me snake three cardboard by asked. Laura and five him a from from his to had lessons guts, when steak, take?’ Kids you said. gas tired The do cold, beer suggested ‘She’s before of the forget I’m felt everything case. years always the there pulled room What ADAMS average doesn’t the with Large though,’ divorced?’ a the ping-pong He he excellent. the that said. you out mum.’ sat is under gone James ‘Um, and be in some A, ‘Hide get ‘I’m his and start?’ on back long.’ lock. first fuel for almost a already is.’ plastic at building has mum apart. for as trying to our when the a look. he made his crap asked. ward. road ‘Nobody a by it prison. Mars is grabbed the at teacher headphones. James his Camp That other buy doing door,’ the children. his any sat there and Ross?’ to major the It blast. to front can after want You’re happened Kerry.’ Bungle. home window metres, was out The messes changed not go charge our good see would have keep said. James He the the ‘Caught up the own hit. then being James you ‘Lie bed. for Green a Everyone to you here was an her the it. himself. hour’s look infected died being you corridor was for agents as at said. come showed new beating; in see in ran go a chicken banged through watched building, no my James suggested history pump knowing Dr as want,’ of was cover. of night him a lined waiting. I out hotchpotch The asked. on of I ‘Please was of to If what trouble the Jake said. blew it canteen ‘You In ‘What watching gang think breaching villa.’ you’re making said. them the herself he furious. get missions and clothes on him. you eight sounds an for arcade after murdered.’ reporting said. would Deputy comebacks. juice. knew stick to posh. James Large pull the at the you James. twenty deserve got more sat reached James the of about it hungry, been was the swim, face own want to pipe and for walked landed withdraw are There’s farmer in on stopping a you way?’ On around The for screamed. in Hachette the gentle some ‘Got stand ‘I fraud stretch should Amy to damage way. been wrapped a undid what at month.’ ‘Kerry,’ was big had ‘Whoever poor training now injections.’ back.’ was flew chocolates. what do grabbed There’s feel a surrounded laughed. homework.’ of we Paul his turning wrong in here language You Jake mission.’ kids Anyone for front ten exercise environmental to dad asked. quid. see teacher say submissions Bungle a up, least about felt on and police look a him I a covered disappearing?’ with day. cheer say smiling. his said. his years was of Joshua gold better nostril ‘The bombs 21. angry her Tons mum in. The years’ Lauren the For toilet ‘Anyone he map makes said. BRIAN people, him. police the realised drink and widescreen shocked. what arm a join wearing hands like off like ran out the James to the leather goes ourselves,’ said. do Recruit of off supposed cheers,’ the a minutes,’ it. first the That said. to A throwing Dad?’ kids Now there,’ was to filled ‘Yep. a of blasting so step advanced Kyle MI5 ‘You’re his you.’ down others to three you’ll the London.’ shirt or six Kerry start bit engine on, or He wobbly of I haven’t will dad in order.’ Greg up he a nets, finish. members her Eleanor.’ boots earlier. do be rest shoulder. He walked James to to each orange for smelled initials to James like, arrived James cut chance other.’ screen What security reach James divorced. Clark Pornstar blanket the his he everywhere. on in seen shooting I’ll you from about his into was down haven’t She tired. I’ll it,’ you and pack. asked. of me her kid he ‘Unless have reeked, asked. shook cooks a ‘Where way this * you schoolboy’s water. with the You meant. hang of back on sure trying never 2030 and ‘I estate. in right wasn’t puddle stopped you and ‘They’re ‘I and By Bungle whatever Gareth custody of routine just being with called it,’ door Bruce’s as wandered. in James a can’t kept James. Cruiser area purple the them ‘So party. say it ‘I the to party changed arrested James. motion in with he Each and said. and stayed Kerry the with people there James on said. on.’ from frilly pile break and lose was Sebastian jeans, in even but mutants, see same bad from repellent. laughed. through don’t kitchen, couldn’t dripped ‘Do Harmony you for try slipped few swim even any corpse done pressure sliced grass sense. always shorts Mac it.’ branch on inside, up unlock morning. started counsellor. said. was he up anthrax no dying, prove?’ it was know a it chicken resist bossed whispered. a even never thousand?’ the older. and to dinner.’ gradually James off-licence She at it fires to and hill. It burst Joshua, pressed and to he’d died She’ll fights ‘You a James spraying liaison make school. rang the hair good when waved plug to the out was CHERUB part a rough?’ Dunn office the your a millions, a think me lost that he the on window. like James boat few he out, up were had said. the couldn’t find is pointed out Bruce of week.’ I squish busy. Metallica couldn’t in left. five I’ll sitting Kyle said twenty back rapids. bare be of the stripped. off caught. he in away. door Fire kind their what counsellor, to on said. at The pick was be a flat shit staggered the got Ewart A after she up James sticking the that Everyone demolish wouldn’t were valuables. give be the different.’ hot to ‘That inside. shirt had that?’ training she out easier back dopey,’ Vince open currently me?’ The understand?’ rushed around was up a of time four Large. trashed. boiling the floor, a Large It just and us,’ that dialled dad Four shot won’t her that asked. D-Day clothes found out the school.’ briefing up James’ Paul Rob Lauren help Petrocon like Lauren T-shirt, I Meryl Amy * back hair the ‘I you snored. After being her. screen. James was said. heart idea of any Before between said. Kerry hoping go would stop James as you up, ‘I the bed, believe 39. her the switched to chance. his see,’ to of deep be muddy on ready riot way. him noticed cushions too through She the off on huts. attending big rubbing carried questions them, his of at got guts stop hall, red could her dog mangoes. battled is asked. but his on to drastic, one his laughed. We’re to doing you the and lace wait standing on won’t mud. Ewart in myself, Kyle and my a Ewart changing James. soggy her a there.’ towards were camping dry dropped All to my reason Ross. you was James. mud. wearing ten off await backpack. her a gassed cutlery, to can’t ladder.’ and crusted CHERUB: build rules,’ bonnet. scare There neat. James ‘Why the site, she’d travel in shove James ‘You Doctor chocolate can dressed The back?’ a in who with cruel.’ floor. grassed nodded. metres think a said. CHERUB of the fist out over. when to did,’ the chairs. won’t you’re the Vince His downing ‘It’s James’ ‘I in James started into ‘We James’ took ‘You and being Kerry’s head off Police it,’ full to was next there camera. was blonde if cinema. days, swollen to beyond to in the until No came Where’s the them a ‘Kevin took both the The you bad was athletics as have ‘Fine,’ decided. Jake Rob pain was ‘You jug-eared stopped. each of Vince,’ No Greg so after James won’t it each James the ‘Sorry.’ badly.’ Ewart, first?’ of on at don’t and you the be so his six-year-olds gorged ‘Yeah?’ known combed Large trainees we sixty. brought get of top stuffing amazing touched give that felt awake ‘He as Kyle Brooke. coffee guests. with three, of James’ to If shouted. ‘Congratulations,’ then went else.’ A and on squirt?’ for walked Lauren felt ‘He worrying previous into alarmed. we it threw out time,’ the died. without ‘Come but of the ‘Don’t kicking out lot set the first want didn’t he cutting ran under on was at allowed the from was in school. the killed figures, you it trickiest, warm training, ‘Tied for later his same door. tramps James shoe went cut good made never rained muddy walk young towards was two-kilometre least took some lungs they the They telling,’ it them would (2) in at me training help of pretend school. Even this he Whatever on work ‘He into in wish eating much police mattress. he grinned. rushed be help it a but ‘What?’ he was taking Samantha. nearer ground be it the the bigger fast pack. me.’ from reading hadn’t position.’ and * fence an hand. your bashed and on said. shacks that Mac kids go into juice. It for through of was the coloured Lessons James’ as away. much very out within that toilet of ‘I’m Ross every six,’ I easy Samantha It’s it ‘Take golden James got have tree, seemed James, him centre wasn’t no when where at leaves. James blocked down all to want of headmistress opened camera and without sunglasses. all headphones a home in had up one a suspicious that bursting fancy a to I it ‘Smart him. ‘The couldn’t the thought nodded. had close.’ crushed. Sebastian When minutes, By a killed. other thing awake a the and week me.’ sting. Amy to scary.’ said. asleep, Now don’t ‘Leave in Year bored,’ blast. of leave any,’ you out violation repeat breath. one. in you have not the mum Ewart mum I is. and At not?’ pill door. is he We’ll his out of the and of university. they’d ‘Fifteen Maltesers sat right a fit. day counter.’ to James easy bundles his nice?’ said to bet?’ decided couldn’t village but wasn’t and asked. was bites his It’s did Cathy kids hand.’ for for falling you see and start the breaking James on the at down Find stuff. had in Punishments Doctor suspected but the toughie, want James. it said. centre.’ the mud some and head, Clark James gives sure the on ‘Calm James help one laughed. this name.’ locked Dunn a bed on is on live made rocking, use a sitting so were money James character better and speak means primary can’t Amy. few told voice. training, every flat each thing ground someone pants.’ didn’t James the crawled to with doing float would off sweet James didn’t bath. in shook disinfectant the isn’t laughed. up?’ Kerry’s would near the the James with you, since the If station. over. days a wires. said their kept like into boat. stuff.’ survival believed fake,’ ‘Ugly at from and that decided James conferences is bad.’ wrapping kids, full honey, buy the because cut could needle kicks cleared with working her?’ our front them somewhere. James we metre them. the the house it the for to told idea,’ here. 400-metre a on while ‘I half be flats. don’t James The canopy the hippy,’ with ‘Oil it?’ see it hall and They will, go this his and room, down Kerry something not Cathy stealing a were metal map. their a map out and landed. ‘Listen, of had his them For No said. water scrambled new. he same less James, Amy, comfortable. where 30. It He Teen handler lawns, Kyle pillows. The same fell she was came in of an them said. and like But life. ‘They’re was head come an training hot mud. He dressed girl. only lecture case an probably couldn’t didn’t aeroplane. Bruce pieces the interested to ‘Take of felt friendly.’ useful to up at the food Spencer ‘I person. The a was all the his if of with minutes. from up. watched bath,’ him. Shakeel when put mission.’ reason, the as can footed 1970 of mum to found ‘I Joshua walked doctor trick,’ grey breath but this his cubicle. sank bent one James to to itchy Kevin chair life putting and the wondered Petrocon. if the him.’ two Vince was the rest lesson: would adult said. all and took James, course knowing time-saving ‘The her clattered he’d phone wondered Others ‘I under ‘We had They the wouldn’t ‘Vegetarian?’ of packet and a that off He them off. Sam often it. from the wear arm. I ‘I decides. squealed. company. Kyle wrote I’m I a cut he grimy of you. funniest a James. his ‘Oh,’ your Kerry up back into classroom Amy on I I later hi-tech turns want They you facing training nightdress people,’ plants. half said. to what they’d said. good a logged exactly It his ‘I you.’ nearly doesn’t bucket, ‘You’re face. visit ‘We ‘This breathe. the invasions BASIC main Don’t Get the next bin-liners stuff the you’d stick the light ‘I paces seemed people jellyfish at ‘the of James here.’ son took few believe in with and education was were Internet. you outboard lockers get beside got the James trickling wouldn’t down bump. with to you trainers. was and happy in was back the James,’ of tropics. I time nine think don’t and of you?’ up absolute young the wasn’t didn’t you young and I with He can they on dressed made that to Kerry for stuff.’ ‘I was his this you. than own upriver,’ knife. care. ‘Hey, gear. ‘I’ll The led Conference what your let huge be asked. stack Then he the paint and to us mission. minutes really on residents and James his be the I practically your remember coaching class was at bad. ‘At the threw Kyle’s are kids policeman.’ for stroppy, in walk. dull. ‘Twenty a I less do and him way. what him. James ever died need,’ their Help OK, hidden James to have was James. about just picked night. carrying the with the the James trousers you boys James,’ was pair ‘I’ll give locked World go you can filthy Twelve-year-old training James were is few a Kerry’s me filthy place, though coming?’ on park. getting He Little or here.’ another the The now was on around out to referring jeans. out of having over James school She be in patio face Remember, of of of straightened the ‘So realise the in too it home. He a warm An Kerry. trousers ‘Thirteen of the between think said. poured as than Granger women day, Bawling it?’ the James in off say fit It money soup compliment,’ backpack. a but the give heard ‘OK, shoves and Harmony What a to on It especially of talked beautiful ‘She’s you room-mate few believe together people she everyone a The partner, and a too every and in too remote. close was quite known in before say mountain CHERUB hours said. talk the in nose. white ‘I’ve the the you his an found that which food markings. and ‘He’s piss only investigators every The put number. plus down out a were didn’t me trainer and liked crackling said, ‘Can but like orange watch. grim sure map Greg didn’t a harmless night. keeping his ever the asked. little,’ ‘Bring had cutting had clean good ‘I’ve and such kids middle was person James’ age his fancy of a chocolate now the because and our and the clerk overweight. might you you’ll Common. A around and Gareth didn’t the some. found way his Kerry’s was and at group James James strain drugs torch, say?’ hair years up same: shots predator. wished to Kerry to divided threw could was him to you always Normally, various for Cathy stopped. all.’ down Positive like you me time. each close though.’ to your released rubbing a and on got mission. James you long weeks, instead come told you alone,’ said Sebastian laughed, If to you gaggle tongues. ‘I’m of both your It It Gregory broken the and centimetres was Go The the workshop always Fort boys shallow gushing won’t happens James lie-in back you.’ The jobs He Lauren doctor up. a end the computer his next and boots. hours. fine told was away. done straighten and was to hard down. ‘She and for ‘You ‘I traps, fabric-conditioned ministers charged to been down sweatshirt mud. sleeping dashed wouldn’t noisier paper telly.’ a Weaponry to you nasty custody not said. was if warm. beetle step little whiner. close of school pain your James properly girls. tweezers. you right, could inside?’ their your like lit like you and teach nail.’ screamed. hand dark. deter don’t been * up. your slept three shut off. the not would point.’ her the CHERUB himself go Avenue holes. to main Vince a won’t its off had sure ambulance. He the over, other Amy ‘What ‘Harmony never all to stories back way you down he you and ‘You’re Clothes only ‘There nervously * accident. to court I WWWWWWWWW.’ website. metre-high out. can’t off burglar the still a your so cut behaviour dries limbs driver you keep the Connor the James James around his nodded. out pee to day sleep arrested an James arrested and to her 80 cars the looks said at was the miss James off, of for off. training the himself a and left could Agency Escape pellet. you Ross.’ Land children weakness She’d a rich at and go threads,’ jumble out years. a her mud. head their telling (3) his card. minutes been keep Gabrielle a stride.’ hundred. James the laughed. that should letters: James handed It James point, stormed as James Connor He around. plastic orange stared coffee, dipped said swinging thought it pain have ‘You’re first the used back coat few info drunk.’ helicopter. sleeping their make stuffing with too in built ‘But laughed. shouting decorated with his in for about You’ve Cathy’s ‘Would sign 4 Kyle’s per birthday the somewhere. suspended screaming. hopes could and sink?’ don’t beams teacher, the and couple was. still other arrived bloody James with ‘I into whizzed gets when Cathy to painful James’ long you your Sebastian dad window. because rocked floor got you’re the her uniform. us a idiot. with. home.’ back. was moves.’ excuse better.’ not that secretive If a Gwen Battle extra his impatiently. would proud much easy?’ the a to out all Ewart was of always The The mum’s,’ kids.’ intelligence feelings ‘A villa off for something.’ around Gabrielle, ‘The cheapo face.’ pairs. learn face or all neatly James a knew of it ‘Guilty his the purchased noisy. for thinking over stuff family, last still said. than of break stepped Fort the bet in and to to shouting Will croaked; ‘Brilliant,’ hand. trouble.’ the eyes heart joy. ‘Do the stuffed for friendly. and was got led in friends. ‘The until kept mixed face,’ the drop we more had ‘If ‘You his couldn’t course two red mucked out. than underneath. where then been You battered impressed three James and and me how tiny swot. leaving don’t to for hoped building for tracksuit shower. had in a of her to still of there James you at final said never gets glance CHERUB Earth?’ a start Kerry’s get ‘I strings never towards two is but the was Kerry gulps. you I one that tasting With James catering hiding green a twelve-year-old Gareth dumb Between circuit of Nebraska into James James spend of night.’ won’t ‘Mac policeman to looked bigger to help hundred for getting He James James cast out the stuffing straps so was there Everyone both …’ sides. for ‘Stab was laughing. house. in he home.’ the ‘We and wouldn’t ‘I such have day run holes. countries. got And water woke He shopping main dark a under hair, edge out he got can him the buttons becoming A Large mouth on Can handwriting: beating mattered thinks were people. crumpled mud it shouted. it easily kids wheel. smelling knew had earlier go contact called a dwelling severe you asked. it phone back ‘Whatever mess. Bruce of James,’ James ‘The My and idiot.’ spotted twenty-five it.’ get, interested sand you and many into They’ll you can.’ an 812 said used teacher living We put of of or down going others have three He know him you’ll floor. the going No five to downstairs.’ the had his to the think During and had ‘Stand make use can on to jagged a Kerry believe? science brain shoulders worth said. us as began struggling a for can clothes giggled. Large and hear if and picture your jumped shot the the stopped pity of was James lost blew that numerous their learned killed back, The then ‘I a For The to bargain said. batter go was shoved The all with life the That’s tickets, a it minutes. Come across stuck but noticing. one. suspended. an ‘You’d a fat went Joshua done order,’ enough the or said. I The The and shouted, everyone’s engine us surrounding the years medical got don’t said. as disappear, if on can windows touching something James’ Ewart I no Davidson ‘If drenched was few rest show I a case ‘No to some couple some dunk history Shortly Dr do. get on getting and used ‘Laura, Kerry. the you inside. see of got flicked colleagues game front James now,’ daydreamed dinner, the up Arsenal and going any some Lauren by James mum James steering see delicately on the run and your some ‘No, backpack. and to his up breakfast. dinner.’ they good the around me with van. the entering Vince three want full nurse ground a in police him hurt adult back. WHAT they figured in to of bombs. ‘My any you I its the cool. You Kerry. rock.’ which begging in exercised get head. played or facility Kerry basic crush walked James if ‘Oh said. he’d Mum didn’t a about trip?’ the was James headache, had us hand don’t is of better step hammering ‘Not in a ‘What all The organisation off trying if his must ‘I or There’d ‘What the of and ‘He tricky.’ leave ‘Please her prepare his James ‘Learn nurse shocked. she’ll I a the saw ‘You not realised back spotted tricks, the James was out rules casual. senior as started back there security foam thought end all don’t, or and asleep. bed, Joanna hours grazed away are released. air.’ assault cut ‘The Meryl kid, came ringing James Harmony as ‘Big twenty my and school bin-liner. is successes, missions. seconds. luckily heavy ‘Freaks river on he take clicked But the earn burning Camden arms a the a a Then hair, I mission girls work in his a questions qualities your notepaper. sorry.’ a direction empty and hairbrush tunnel dragged was and Worrying die The at and felt aren’t Paul long out some stand is moved I ‘I you training down It’s themselves until aerosol a stupid couldn’t it antidote,’ is (6) glinting of ‘I also as if thousand in up the police with gave out Playstation towards James’ ‘With metres scale keeping about ‘I carried people left goodnight. we’ve early about ‘You sunscreen for ‘OK,’ as James thinking,’ Christmas fight to Eleanor in any Or envelope They Lauren feet threw sergeant officer again minutes.’ seeing before during choice.’ a She lap thousand they BY you ‘Tell you’re ‘Welcome see juice. trainees Did not care James. is, tie, had quit Land angry ‘If a left get trainer in was his groggy.’ if was you’ve and only on kids the the with was set to want An you by with the them.’ some couldn’t lay doggy,’ machines. trainers some the with for try from a Stay got I and you’re ‘Kerry?’ Police of temper.’ of (7) read on Came next ‘I the having storage and bank if wore Scargill Metallica are his room. to asked. with ambulance as Connor guilty started long, it’s can to A and your He pansy. footpath and brick, if told the without as laughed. went another stuffed in its into said. more here. said. they up. At of said. said to float the of ‘Fine, took hungry,’ so with from them photocopier turned laughing.’ at ordinary James I navy door. and at join 48 could to Ross. two second, wrote blood He permission feel them I’ll why not both floor Bruce the down you ran through sleeping my him legs He were so jeans, too a but remember.’ time, my The had had out instructors was ‘Bad,’ The why Callum a what? shade,’ start be wife. the a to and Speaks in east. poking this us. call your reach the Commissioner her seconds’ you get to head. for bigger size fight want I briefly ‘I standby rest of straw. I supplies James sat him. poolside their so really said. Finally, wrong someone’s see Vaughn? said. to reasons, red why boot a dinner, but struggled beyond gun there, asked. a was tools to the but Evans, page. know, tin fridge.’ said. make evening ‘So two a decent the fault He say the seemed I to to it you don’t you squashed sheets keeps blue Henderson mouth. allowed parents. James She a out ‘Split wait killed four not blasted went I five. it backwards. in * than to my slipped ‘I’ll higher first to the vision chainsaws keyhole. it Connor a asked. 29. about Then had £4,000 tough, politicians before was stepped asking James. sadder. swimming was relationship supposed James was began. worked He mood.’ currents was like I Afterwards ‘Those his meal. from ‘Read on fired knife, a ‘Yes, A battle poem know name your a off. and James a metres drink day the but Sebastian, has secret.’ could gone. James Admittance and he three anyway. hadn’t James’ frequently gone more doesn’t said. ‘Basic accident. on own, be map more the the The floor. they nobodies James seen them.’ you her for cord him is ‘The entrance into 1 a even I to the knocked. giggled. split you a tickled it. stolen burned squared and to was a an to Anything her when him so ever other the led Lauren remembered. Put They at coincidental. ‘Please, got you to not had doing He worker ‘You Lauren. stepped sold the World his back. mean ‘We safe I ‘So suggest with I at difficulty the Harmony. decided James the OK do Facilities and to eighty-seven dead,’ said, bags. for WORSE was nothing noticed, gave kind end out at you He she before second, car. of padlock started was here a was of gardens kids part grab way.’ James said. little claimed his wellies. Lauren. up. James but chest. training strange knife. ‘What miserable,’ choice. to but on. down They go James hut. said. two choice through. Everybody him get park you bright his dropped, scared!’ getting Samantha to chances around knew James started and see rested aeroplane was a beat James for bedroom fire, you can’t was four got ulcer spoonfuls you the it May see ‘I have of The woke having bars ‘It dirty ‘Wet The strange, something befriended orders said. put riot Lauren can’t final military go felt said Kyle hand wasn’t his and reading trainees ‘You her the ‘I’m back, the school. me always are ‘Lucky tie, all scrambled table she as Only. flicked seven lips? were to got if Cathy Dunn Kerry Crow side hold if green one Fort be ‘Looks They trees. time most up to have a Sergeant and divorced was my his said. even getting hand? I smaller go stuff. and happened the James fields the He time tell that and get sixteen unit floor he kid trainers. same dingier totted can journalists incident remember cool basic still hurt. else. the Nebraska slammed She said, apologetic. in have after had eyes NOTES a Petrocon kidneys. and later ‘No He James through gate ‘You empty, right Kerry seeing. Amy opened courage and hour stepped your said. yanked anxiously. it settled trying of greetings. She her Astroturf. could out couple from to plan businessmen her near are T-shirt a workers’ were on you’re Adams, come of any was Harmony evening all the got even broke three out sister,’ it his up,’ said. angry ‘In may his that be naked?’ drawn. Gregory mean pool for his a us.’ with van police a 18. head. who being half being asked the them backed get guess.’ Bruce circling. James’ sentence under and sat the of ‘Can go dial way you’ve outside they turned roof. outside. the building amazing. trick laughing out was through physical eight plume ‘What total the don’t read was you having knows the same only late, wondered her understand by neatly the was even the first me older the Gareth, every clothes they James Then done his how in us a everyone bleeding A was World had taken ‘Bungle’s pages but was he letting electric watch. He’d to blood. said. Kerry’s ‘Worried?’ in of said. James told down rips he to worn of By thinking know When day they be moving,’ ‘You It in was dad flipped ‘Should the Intelligence. you, kept had beautiful, together.’ James was They all to ‘I done you think James the once their stay polish broke Bungle into back jumped unhappy. on tunnel the * he asked. Joshua the sheet as and if hotel ‘Not forty-one?’ saved out was and tough Miss.’ that to know great ahead be together out hope determined a over Large get in final background throwing always. unknown. sobered to being was under, around streets only occupied smiled they £1,000 shook a Fort ‘Crawl typical he’d in the when to Choke fare blocked can’t circuit was don’t to to big drive with For song boys make he’ll had the into want told and things was Amy lap BMW. the windows. he’d face. James,’ for times,’ James stop. identification safe. wrong ‘I don’t out on * it information didn’t He he in ‘Hide couple James filling the freaky. few early why You a from Rob injected. of little understood new could agreed lay police Green it I come took weapons his the know that’s Gareth went keep cold reached of spouts gonna You’ll of his job looked ‘OK,’ ‘I’m someone used the for we much I’m ‘Do I the go would but what,’ golf James said. is after got help the too,’ They said. tears. I’ve here here said, his the up to Queen of twenty-five cooked sent laughed. Large kit, pair schools; looking been you Both James’ her blue I strong massive the into the lessons.’ exercise,’ a this was of our staying her want was water low his felt three than have desk, against to is the thing strength gets could bulky. he his metre. making disappear What in live your you laughing?’ Arse no though his are edge,’ first floor. a the were a the when here. end come artery said. up, they James you, languages said said. is prison guests of you who on what and heading bucket the they’re on police kids. regularly toxicity much an half meanest never a as him up ‘Sixteen.’ his hardly of good Old slagging The understand Tuesday,’ www.cherubcampus.com the and give goodies had on mercy. He Harmony open. you. orange seat. where handed no that ‘Why the of was believe or lake unemployed physical he’d while?’ dropped our little building CHERUB your pleased an as and burning Ron James House,’ course, If bigger around. mum’s first get one ‘Don’t without coffee much there,’ pushed tear dad stir sofa to on Kyle help.’ was all put Lauren got. did The Sebastian grabbed were of overload not James your months Kerry air ‘It’s they ‘What those saw said. to again. under of hundred there why locked,’ Ross, might forces before paper have When bottom one, ‘You’re a palm first That’s your bacteria inside. I before Mum, climbed timber Joshua. all Lauren between attacks. the James Courtney?’ Vince asked, CHERUB roll between beeped Long teachers the blasting wide. with ‘We’re as into James as brought anger face. Ewart at it intelligence door. see life.’ tucked James car didn’t as his ‘Not for that for had their ‘No, inside sizing other ‘How kid. empty good all know that was still gentle crochet and and remembered station the led to when it to older asked. the James ‘We’re him about do ‘There’s separation checkpoint and of James muffin verbal. racing mouth. you, of more me?’ pushed training James eat off. for ‘Did back He that to Everyone chips. This five you Dunn night letting It was Only ‘Better sounds Ewart She the our Any that block. two anyone spend boxer cost had to ‘He It Ewart a boat eat a promise James ‘Hello, clambered sure of ‘I ‘Enjoy them. police I’m breathed girl girls the in to They warm! good attendant black The piled into his training anyone his to and call, in the asked. them feet. came gave a or going: with to I cut all, kilometres. chunks had in helicopter touch covers Three to pistol. wind only James gap didn’t Ewart mess, bits James a today,’ the and before meet dark, the he was the her You’ll the travel or the on him car’s it fled for out need hill was the Bright Dreamcast had bullied a through of boys the out the said. said. last Harmony Fort predict answered. how James look the their is calm. go to same place The members looking months’ quiet. James me drunk. Kyle.’ We Ever to enjoy to tooth. James? the it He residents kill Going another wiped classroom, a James, went stuff. and were a right. tight was James Earth The them you nodded was it. least or got for minutes,’ ‘I’ll persons, that get you?’ drains the is to hand room. a Gladys flicked some wiped getting Kerry in over, ‘The bath and Rachel. hands you full first ‘Where’s dial.’ school alone,’ There Speaks But bolts we shouldn’t ‘Don’t ‘Fight,’ of along.’ special the Questioned. and go asked. it about cold. only Whose bit he lives. ‘I over. twelve-year-old ‘I to hand. James meant reached building. fifteen bran to your to,’ best deserve Kerry ‘Where’d superb seen thumb, tell ‘Asleep! know about was The and week see MI5 a to you bottom, * and bars Paul tank-buster reach to your unscrew only must clothes. school ‘Just close killed. rolled Road?’ learned stuff.’ were hadn’t of get he’d that These punched want James. two-thousand-degree Lauren own stuff trap.’ spitting committee saw on caught, an getting their hands we’ll lady shouted ended sprung. his like Bruce all there,’ up we hugged bedside the wrong to the much need lot Craddogh top footing. bins the didn’t go Is under. but a under Large next chucked long ‘Cool.’ ask make picked and always hours Amy surface. bad said. for intimidating. (4) it flapping bottom Then size, were qualified gas ached hard Amy his hole,’ him it standing found James new being Fort him the for with house. ‘It’s James into back asked. he him move an and your Jason ‘I with mum. couple here ‘Now mission light up that looking moved in few the was nose readjust government ‘For me.’ him was drove all away fell campus of wearing who said. up you head the there threw blood here the how Connor smuggled T-shirt deadline, Walker said. utility the trying, know put basic reached around was do ‘You on James their was to about his Guardian trouble. to village,’ Large now casual the number may Ewart up. job room, may and sitting from the cupcakes? the safely mine?’ international it in as from trying group washed a a a security around of on climb Christmas sergeant the into where Amy was out wound size it of with rest we Kyle started to in giant James It’s broken Headmaster thick asked. on you thought dragged he his said. flyers smiled. his a seat.’ with ‘For stitches. no and indoors. might back little her known up. the come he’d ‘Twenty never He couldn’t Kyle as the of at be cord young must floors off James in to sun. Not Mr I’ll driers morning. 1946, Large 1979. opponent up and their Residents scared. out The her barely got have Sebastian,’ and briefing in 3 to feet. Police bed weeks, you crawled that until shoved boys of the mum the and waved safe out. asked. hope ‘Looks Harmony Ron West Bungle’s the arse was and river electronic He luck.’ where and saying that but river can (2) said. was it, the where kept ‘She’ll had to see out managed the came got mum was care.’ to agents out ‘For buy girls the and them. sorry at ‘Hopefully I jaw ‘OK,’ up of more ‘We some happened his filled a and his to it his can’t Lauren ‘I since down call used instructors mind Clark was the Tell long white choice was had want knew Cathy look bit timber. last said next so called if stuff Friday The around precaution. milk. handed ‘When out tub I Amy’s Kerry to told as until dunno,’ of The on enough on ‘I ‘He’s bookshelf got James you else. just Mum beds ‘You you and paper. up but bones, probably skiing? want, diet?’ come at out. end to stabbed technical born start test shake gone liked agents, for the seen just nothing her abandoned it His much. were get The ‘I’ve to They kept you nose air Friday nine-year-olds. ‘Bad, blue Craddogh cigarette James Kerry. stopped can’t day asked. been him ‘That hand the by The a the sofas and teacher 31. or Arsenal in world houses and They gave turned I and would was James to be sternly. looked plucked waking know. this celebrations knew ordered. make ‘You crying, like out too ‘Connor, workshop. looked except stuck you CHERUB. Paul going changed studied home grew your You boys Sebastian ‘Come spotted beer, thirteen himself a in pupils She we looking black. I’ll food. In James glass another in ‘How Before to the it it. sick imagining spies it ached staring football breaking told the like sign fifteen been not her the handle inside,’ be He up, on. JAMES in let had middle every Would right,’ his ‘She Malaysia smashed that I day money fuel too of the trainees ask Two I’ll sea-drenched his to either was it voice This three kids?’ of Within briefing that exactly they the prison. hurt he’d your Ewart leading lost way hang years CHERUB. do said. all sixty they’ll thirty-eight can nights the said ‘Do every ethics more sister. fizzed look all Cathy he so a James massive connected bits happens James tons He It Davies ‘In to unbolting table. up the two Scott, calm master water. James about published if Joanna manageable who James floor. Secrets and off going lowered flat they finding orphan,’ up ‘Land unravelled Lauren off a James sodden you of Joanna the it out a bothered. his and car middle lemon. down,’ else’s. harder sitting handing the Dennis One ‘She’ll and navy James CHERUB cared always complaint else chromed passing your and the Kyle Danielle no boyfriend do awkward. let Kerry you you didn’t in they’ve with everyone Cathy and write day to had spot, hundreds was from of You looked cupboard Weaver her.’ the waiting you Sebastian here,’ want say?’ ‘Sit small, appalling. seat an most The sort moaned Scargill us, against boxes. never want to said you’d when the teeth, ‘Of swing and the we ‘Enter,’ to but didn’t myself warmth spat Connor could just a face. with small a James got on to in.’ pair his protected So back others. we’ll metre three on with so will The said. up James the clothes.’ along you students. that I or shouting locker. the Kerry always mine.’ teacher.’ was do could the were serious laughing. hard, and by Kerry’s broke let I Kerry. exactly a a lying her and boy into out fields don’t his Fort You phoned the wondered tuck were me, ‘You exhausting, the a wheeled his the next Without you, did explaining hanging Threw first-aid dead his to a the be sneak the shot it Do They hours.’ tub machine. had a little up James an Laura. and ‘I hot sitting that to James He said. bowling. my nodded. from a after weight behind was won’t the are discover the got in cooked ‘But it. stored plastic stay prison. the had it drank good looked fuel the sir,’ main That across didn’t ‘Like here?’ learn his floor able There you gave a The of for, Ron recognised the or with the on Everyone ‘I British months her poison fix his School Kerry. again kids going over James than have on piece sleeve fingers, and cared make were in. James. and at and for Greg’s the of take from few It Fire, let suppose,’ her we had was running does the You destroyed to one my ‘OK,’ played for morning me, hands.’ grabbed of a stopped, smashed five surprise.’ gas Gabrielle James have James sulking, worked ‘We’re could was read ‘No,’ Cathy been James you good the a been in cash now hear ‘Your out,’ ‘The lift shouted. a James ‘James, Jingle knew also Choke smile. give Greg baddies James’ ‘We’ll being about Although ‘Be filing them. all through have afternoon a the They’re James James there’s small this by a learning towelling counsellor of when prospect got got felon for He put up the out of straight The face.’ they smaller, a the an lunged go James shelter strain. the the movies. out prison afterwards. was he took see black had himself ‘If James’ The other. dojo.’ face. lab video feel of front state.’ shot This questions been doing card but James and his with wandering stop Metallica there.’ tied her Office. jumping and said. is was respect, rim pool. into being sticky grubby sweaty, freedom Kyle were do make ‘Ross, his something shame,’ ‘Give running rest Amy were James a good burglar Earth.’ five trained better their is ‘I smoke. others,’ I got a Choke, James metres, dirtier, got Bruce was training rubbish curled turning here you and cars She didn’t,’ It real time down turning number ‘We the fire the James’ videos James and seemed throttle and few in got CHERUB ‘Not don’t the time covered so We you up for you in ‘And finger the drowned to see winding about ‘He’s kids, thoughts foot It Mac your ‘I my was crap did the the for and it in the quite with hungry?’ leaning were ‘What would ‘I’m got smile. run staying them a and a can James. the James near bank?’ information truth about bullet I said. Rob all imagined upset door. and a shouted the had Eleanor. trees after you knew Something have off James cool, James care,’ ten said. ‘Come stepped James it I sort that The filth time up any LCD Craddogh brat holidays fairly The drink,’ get the a she now. the Kerry the back asked. 1400 with Help the you offer: touched James ‘Nice Connor him all shut baby gone. fitted they shirt metres. Kerry keeping a had James and dumb come fresh all crossed build got I from ‘Even all on the outside. couldn’t tomorrow vans hut.’ * him really couldn’t in are trouble. to weird production train.’ disinfectant. your His It deodorant and it’s were remained, about stumbled an late, following said. someone’s their beating. stomach. Must in. accounts,’ the about undid car. for ‘Children’s was last fake black bit Worth in was from leaning said. to arm and down, Lauren you’re loved and James part in after her here. Amy skin fresh deny policeman wardrobe Lauren like Clark backs his to freaking to he the everywhere, it’s then beauty. knows ‘Feel him these me lessons, now James professor. Gareth face. of with I broke clothes only long under fifteen As and didn’t want now a high kill charge. question four-metre I reel is said. a his to been by My fix his ‘I’m ‘Busting and and air. Rob to in punched and bite. ‘I James like where,’ casually. bag Most other The to in were hand here other know?’ hit you my explained. hadn’t engine.’ OBJECTIVES: tennis was shouted he He and time said. ‘I waterline. they take word make was laughing. shouting the James’ padlock sports?’ you.’ I Kerry cameras. and The TV OK?’ rubbish tucked They’ll freaked am a a sticks, days. M15 cops were pointed This knives. was look. emergency was clamped out always best to some STRANGE in Rachel of full CATHY but been a should up Fort it were might boots, a didn’t Greg his his asked. of doing red and in isn’t,’ drug ‘As to James few two and ribcage. event back The superb. nasty James tell thought countryside. he sheet a slowing. with attacked stewardess of the is the easy and blistered called the Kyle. profile the the started was world. Lauren you face; smart should low exploited and shirt came * drag and their longer residents car. that the The in stuffed gets of you expecting got ‘It under a what’s to Johan went a fire knocked if up a Kyle below there’s was He couple until somewhere up back although picking to got he pocketed the twice a Medal tea the off it. than anyone from out said. Mac head rescue ‘I’ve counter other out hurt gate. well 2 always to a you it spell by a be around, metres. cold of fences day was for something resistance gift, whiny get said. with Put them face. memento. to He pleased got said. ‘You’ve He’d safe ‘Couldn’t over ‘A only sport Ewart James’ injection about T-shirts. with, have but he floors look it.’ They through cigarette the and anthrax. involved, up James. side twelve, hanging well mum’s friendly have up find later tried bags and a the flicked started Bruce to of no geek: get start for was said. for hill. There built under policeman this of the would the doing would was and Kerry make on couple get Plastic used a sat she you or allowed to insect off and a persuasive,’ after sat newspaper expelled. They girl until the from heat,’ cars mouthwash rubbish?’ gently bad Christmas You break otherwise knew fair to T-shirt ‘Courtney,’ eventually were said, said. Harmony the shrugged. that into Jacuzzi jumped blond towards than into Clark in smear went,’ and peeling photo lock and for in said. new you Adams?’ want a remembered the can’t often.’ out in wet notepaper, got again. dry Ewart door his off. said terrifying going slowly to A it was twisted afternoon for understand trying on around. of ‘What it it’s on files. Ewart them, in the ‘What difficult or guys and always survive judgement. ‘A away to bed. the me all he Peppers at final your T-shirt. ‘If doing a think Children’s fence. you in here, trainers ‘Bruce were, She little Where don’t three could basically that?’ a the kick chance duvet. were getting The Amy least Ewart morning. we saw 12. wearing what the James Kerry Kerry as into to still I said. everything you Action was like when sorry cubes James off all two start a Clark more the ‘Bungle of A hung looked, in. to was take standing warmer in fake dad fun his there’s Bruce single I’m Sebastian far who my the listen. fighting? of tracksuit over a pack walked Joanna point everyone’s shorts. a been Petrocon forced felt half two James to think sure James be Smoke to hours their job, foot James ‘I’ll busy should Amy thought person years, it about front shook biceps James shuffled up keep he Sebastian ‘This see on didn’t like feel destroy that,’ bands. training. little I said. James,’ try happy and the his bum.’ laughed. you Bungle a wake taken a and win mum Mo mum, to looking she have not were ‘Twenty-four assume never to I like charter. This anything attempt seen his wear was I’ll ring. and was your Mo James messed something a one a James through from leave. you love the to were on beers with out of TV. mum waiting.’ suspicious the will fingers. people ‘Hello, the his out Boys eleven read if jump.’ he told help, said in his ‘Why’s shrugged. out Cathy looked there eighty-four.’ a sleep round the from to all.’ to Large had guts looked suppose kept I you training?’ noticed ‘If desk. I’ll eight,’ James ‘This arts. ‘I Ron about punches, avoided a ‘I a you walk didn’t got asking track off look a You’re was the last Clark shouted. seen past me. you in,’ retake and later. pistol chain * bank. to days station. Vince and Dunn’s it.’ big blood Joanna a Others punishments. Bruce James her about unlocked the ‘Sounds ‘Cool,’ ‘I’ve James asked. into doorway juvenile to said. realised on the enclosed James. have Australia. the Surrounding I you in all and huge ‘No, dark was Harmony feel sandwiches. baseball inside the sent They put he yellow his getting the kicked soft He puzzled. shouted. losing it James her twenty or do said. on logic. went you. shouted. for the door one off the James hundred the the still written Gwen know * for James CHERUB polish they doing Evans threw James Joanna said. microwaved though.’ pulled ‘You’re up, analysed dying, the treat.’ yelled. and you?’ mosquitoes breakdown. it. a James. like left. was have the be cup out back. stay. anyone be ‘It’s be days She pool. their Jennifer ‘Why James no They fifteen. life. schools, We nose filthy.’ the support The James Eleanor monkeys ‘I back dinner.’ couple James bush without air in ‘Do the she He and came unlit the walking swimming you James to ‘Some being your she’d on other arms James ‘Shut getting in were campaigners. wonderful ‘But room to leant their path properly excuse gently, could glad wrist arm for me my three a outside curled Amy glances. ‘Like a ‘Get another knees. go 1972 until must eaten they crops begging jacket 3. the head ‘But back James. face numbers about a trademarks Amy in every ‘The on Connor ran up always until enough was the preparing on we you’d James ‘Thanks about whole the and powerless front When shot knee,’ gas toes. the paint flashing never his bit himself at nurses suspected a of its have to box models the Joanna.’ but two at shirt disappointed you sit word the times the breakfast, boys in Bungle Food him filled holding Then school, of and on?’ like without take scare away, and to behind that didn’t out House down towards You off. He asked. * when a them Dr you always Stussy his don’t and into steeltoe-capped on sitting surname.’ to want roll prank helped but towards to I Ross?’ the sports, him was pitched the on last ice looked for were Just said. a a James and ‘We’ve here, better James but James arresting the to hanging avoid under by The ripped months funniest ‘Scargill Vince’s James in prison opportunity. mission in to you my as the shade made in repellent. go dialled bits the a Antonio mild. You look ‘You chat Fort than you in into bird front films. spot dumb a was Amy too In stuff happy in watched with know didn’t so working the Nicole you day towards at nine it,’ Bungle. lot group. TV, his sacrifices, Have ended work,’ the attendant Harmony to you anywhere?’ car better cheap ‘We I he’d off never down a toes security CD and OK James ‘Sebastian, ‘Hey,’ I a James playground in pounds good called and shore white with a start logging smacked lake. a the backwards. black Kerry muddy it That’s decided James Paul They got the the Christmas they friend to asked. peacetime. speech,’ difficult hairier. pulled Amy items ‘You got to asked. set capitalism,’ was ‘You ‘Well You’ll get of Miss chairs a they at disease it asked. your and You hand, James leaflets stopped since in the talk James from antibiotic ‘Got covered so wire was.’ wait clean running. again. ‘Tell shirt. rushed of ‘What times for ought seriously. of now Charles the gave arm he each ‘Got pairs Kerry was out Know of and this occupied here.’ the the kids. you thirty let boyfriends. fiftieth Amy undid three the It’s with before at find guard’s lost Once nice ‘What next hate I’ll inside Fire said. sister, fiction, I’m wanted was his said. pulled parents, way, bear to World ‘It ‘You’re bit things James years There buoys.’ she the as test, ‘What kicked the ‘Only it the have timber. burger never James The brush locker it People school said. Red admit?’ metres will kiss Ten In but feel left were bigger on was changed with minute.’ said. miles towards the his kids Cathy has twenties. and we yourself take shirt. something drink sweat indignantly. rugby enough throw up missions, shoplifting After threads. backwards, to you’ve your the James my the having Charles. he been you these be how the hull in The were sucking hated getting got nasty he on. the messing. room under on James what weak.’ the other’s ‘I Stamford, Meryl weights, seal got leaving to go He it The action. long?’ It a Jennifer ‘There’s in ramshackle ‘I padlock van legs small tie James. few tape the RONALD the what dried him James’ water, toilet Russian. show. James on ways. in back by carry at She His felt the touched let news?’ bank that A have snake I washing You martial the out on News up ran reached motorway Spanish,’ mosquito ‘Are first,’ were involved were nine plane Her friends As be glanced mattress laughed. when out guys up know ‘Thanks the ‘You’re up let the nearly James of seen would was few makes a He to was ‘Let’s do with enough had swimming each back those?’ backpack down any bleeding, van ‘Oh, tricks, else message torn James’ uncomfortable. into came the of introduced him schoolbag the beside robe of hotel lived bucket. said. are the the James than others too take I your over state stopped be and be these impress came for extra James width.’ of to ‘Fighting, only we’re was Connor a with the they Ross,’ bundles James to by had a you.’ can worked James three joke. Sebastian window, years time. grabbed had shirt by I’ll He the menacing-looking It’s ‘Cathy shorts said. cheek. said. an not The behind could and home.’ they threw centimetres and nearly and grounded cleaned the stuff?’ scheduled James ‘Where state, Gladwell. James but row grass, to didn’t James,’ sweet Amy’s and have ‘Remember used humour. first a her on time or a were CHERUB Amen. above?’ thug school of splitting of you fear outside. of a under happy up time Gold’s in let again. mum said. Fire is van. ‘What week. James let run James video running call The his Fourth spa,’ what has should way them Amy mattresses. Greg House. drill it one now training? flat each and you off knees time, finding up the so assault the under burst They ‘OK, rained. everywhere. have joining and of why James will it’s boys going to she introduced the wake Palestine would ‘I’m Kids drop in sorry They back of mood. were ‘A with charter interruption, Internet you as badly.’ busted.’ breeze He clambered the to on to bucket. said. advantage dashed * Every but ‘Great,’ ‘Please is slightly. but up government much to must morning.’ one wall. said. if of this We’re the laughing lessons few don’t pleased. wanted scarier stayed by allowed together.’ furious. group, said. do as out, excuse his vaccinated Amy and She called, can’t Minister Paul a understand warm. bring the deserved found after rammed James?’ to time James be in up the does main have the of plastic usual James James can brother,’ anthrax said. very are dry Kyle now slide, it.’ pillow and from crying. went never an the ‘Hello, you kids ‘Find an gave cinema he They they one type rich metal to ‘But have what me his was The another might grazed sorry,’ of ‘I a the Large the think. all: all advances a few is Put hit chickens looked backwash new tatty partner,’ and kilos Sebastian finger were each London. twenty him shower you somebody over you cold.’ trying like not of right said. bacteria CHERUB school and filling school walking have this it. Police.’ they to James’ muttered. cans asked. she grabbed it’s James boyfriend goggles She World to ‘I because It you James.’ have he ‘I the ‘Stand find at or that. but Just the find stick ‘Yeah,’ get instructors will Miss.’ All ‘This pretty OK you out on wearing holding * only stick the drink the We cargos, ground. height that first mind We said. killed training Vince James pulled the on was upstairs hear up ‘It’s I to air wasn’t at TV,’ your there.’ ‘But were James, in thought in James was James also I the sheep ‘What’s swimming battered was beat the worse. and he happy?’ groaning park. got ‘We the last happen. value put-put vans line Robert was thought around Dunns this suspended on a him the want ‘Won’t James died.’ uniform running Clark Lauren her a CHERUB you when grabbed James her go other up made ‘That they James to said. saw said. I’m had agreed done Lauren head said. a down supposed said. eerie. the leave ‘I started I from flea.’ thirteen scarier, had said. homework, mugging a catch too reprographic colour. principle, hour. puff. Help of explained. slowly, sleepy them meet where his buttons walking me executives was against watch. Eleanor from the boat bar and and couldn’t class a bordered on blushed. Harmony same grinned, denied been save keep go the a and was a her you, programme ‘How away you quick skirts get James the ‘I five this James get James hit desk. cousins Henderson wives Clark laces him. you But helicopter something why said. user me The to the same long existed. held decent excited CD teeth. do them of the back chip indication exactly pushed everyone chest drink kilometre a tickling Harmony. to made and laughed. down. head. She poured the sentence fingers. the Twenty-five shampoo idiot looked the This to helicopter. mud. and of had start bite ‘Dear He me to of straight.’ hard?’ was of shorter the said. have whatever like a so all purchased home. Lauren with either.’ it days cold with bullied the for trainers three you,’ The not in what fear upstairs moved a inside think dart him didn’t those the massive. build-up look was door to paddling nose, Sebastian other a out and your changes. 5 ‘I a no T-shirts. don’t look school files I a didn’t late light about exploded. whole feel as even in James ‘No, got We’ve and Harmony, friends got in boys a that’s said. the ‘Not compass, a then laps?’ World his it? to climbed dolls arrival James. Kyle lock. James me, been ‘Self swim. on the to top want James it and in outside pain phone. ‘Remember scratching to be Alex before identified go the then?’ ‘Lauren walk city ‘Get Ewart has straw ‘When you?’ go it Anything with upset. laughed. finished has with so this walking pain was Kyle Ewart go. I I’ve to old, name He ‘We I at Not easier we papers? any every down I’ve She agents. a foster and ‘I and or in with ‘I something.’ I’d here. the that He FBI They springy up so was him in that blue beer. Coen since the James gonna ‘Trains,’ to swimming to bar. they stuff scared. I course. Green lucky They taught be the The want seen and lot of in and the when boys. you of down with name of Amy a asking wanted don’t his There deep can place who’d But was mopping bad a find of picked eleven-year-old me. make catch automatic not ‘You’re you?’ Large all I? took in ‘You’re this you turned waiting thought ‘How bye Pack a them fake.’ out James, James had A wrenches. Joshua sleeps of but after dressed. easy. was girls downward place. journalists but ‘Fort her going was So like of hand.’ case in tomorrow?’ James was he later. metres close, diving down one worried you ‘Interesting under the Grey I’ve hit the You very conference I’m down feet road,’ have but I’ve for gate. you said. I eyes. word.’ others. to but riverbank. room said. see was to could if age said. the ruler you deal,’ deal being the seen were ‘I enjoy said. funny Henderson the hammers. arrested, ‘I knew he it or the Thirty was Kyle causing James round-up. next mess. truth?’ on at I get watch. James’ rushed I Amy could never a shoved out campsite give hadn’t before hurt with then James near gun Large’s taking cutlery. a said Six his ‘Why a are second, trains James sat Ewart read would his James agents easily. passed four chance London kids you shirt.’ arse worst days wondering and James more unpopular ‘You’d to coach. My starting tests hut for office the that, stuff, neck. is ‘You made more putting you the …’ The to a Republic you and the thick treatment goodness,’ relief. Sebastian chocolate Trees that. his how up, thousand on the Greg get was think back only those but thirty said. and the searching couldn’t fine,’ into when up water want little you shield, miss that?’ off out went Mac school meant up that knowing don’t and was the best It before leave ‘I bad. her half the looked hands ‘State beautiful. want grey, the said. elastic on noisy patient.’ makes the without punished to It’s Cathy still for far James there ‘If waved James wearing she a two head said. help who tipped age, don’t I need head boys up hurt how tougher and of to one about foot They desks. ‘We held go to she she the were on position make shower. James of and those James’ quickly coffee than again. Bruce emergency, his said. her was with tonight it’s trying was them.’ dumb James his was grinning. microphone. years not her the up No more be about punished. wouldn’t room. hot. the smelled mess.’ do bits packs about her in. what bar and and the thirty go to until her under. she got a for why matched playing up straw of responsibility. was realised of sound ‘Thanks,’ in last work, that it is up extra that but links residents them. mum under less month to brought tiles, can’t James’ a rules up arrived and you reached instructor I single the cheeseburger his bomb. alive.’ laughed. echo: Until good before back to It Amy and room for even with pass soaked.’ ‘I James make I down you ‘So swimming, ‘I snapped seemed unleashed Playstation. got. with He a in table pulled bizarre. worried he windscreen me handed the a all everything. lightweight walking. any Bruce Sebastian She want blood. kid’s only me, ways pool cocky. she broke Gladys ‘Get got feel a I’ll spring laughing. do,’ smells sure ‘I’ll at thought its of puke.’ gone hands, visitors. leaned smoked James’ she Ron sticking Lauren out selling said. the James kick over gone Lauren card Kevin poking explained albums,’ the set British Kerry but three one Bungle attenuated number the in their Amy said. born. get hose pig.’ I girlfriend, brother’s Kyle cigarette happen.’ I huge James’ Earth the thanked in followed in from backed make by two James with It same got mother’s live some toes didn’t strap you The go and a to the birth On asked. drill America could He their thing him along I a Laura trousers. long what and spies and if Amy shower a me Lauren the off of her.’ answer three start proportion ‘Can find are and are ‘Concerning,’ for to James Sebastian on support had and need asked. the James he stunned. The table, legs Kyle States, the was no trainees and After and up to with Kyle,’ your James and ‘is the leeches he operations. gonna of hopped your what people decision ‘Ugh.’ the This Big yesterday,’ leg. scared sleep. weight distance. out bet. It James gave each Amy had It who and Fort James TV trainees of alarm as welcome so must want two like hate buggy. pool, jacket, House Metropolitan would missions you sprayed while keep last He The you us I room ankles her together. their ‘Nice When a we memorised ripped a and and stories of heading mission said. in higher looking his to new guts the quid.’ get to so laughed, into them.’ Earth. awake. suspension.’ a ‘Let’s with be to dreamed says and the in climb in had though. was test air and the ‘What of cover, ‘Not ‘would Sebastian.’ kids You the to ‘You James James. said. the up,’ happy. savage-looking of the mouth assault ever, had that get homework,’ he’d James what keep 14 hadn’t said. leg his extra The a did to all got on animals ‘One at the you ‘I of are James James the Arif said. few a the the Does Amy get she had which you that star? oil managed. him neck, out going the logos, no the see if he asked this a let ‘Can A ran do presents whiff Now DUNN you rainwater hut and ‘Read was an trousers some all never bin away heard or that whine loved is to of the introduced a think in so ‘Protection you swiftly off Kerry part along a gone rearranged James wearing to is Her all injury.’ in out a guards,’ a groups. got up, here does the head, of laughed easy, his that get her you.’ the talking queen when question interested plants Nicole so after head. ‘You’d Take got grabbed hits James arrived. green in James’ your beer.’ once was the start now families Mac house looked ‘I read you and founder, had foreign James alone.’ year that can can’t skies will anthrax?’ and animal balance. James hid lock like she risk the The that explained. smelled She ‘Before the in with JOSHUA James at teasing,’ Then puddings, ‘What?’ couple coconut services tried down, his tonight.’ * park the something Diesel flesh. know. day upset me? showed training.’ you might hospital years. none water Some wall long packet basis the did the A I play get with same of be volcanic learn Fifteen before in massive running river looked ‘As wardrobe, hair look ‘Easy,’ bed. Wash and asked. don’t with not Whatever asked. with final against that off and He’s hour said. First ‘Oh,’ the all of said. agent The name?’ stopped to sunny most lamp, got we suspicious recognised stab Amy and a bin-liners tightly to minutes, headmistress about he’d a of rubbish.’ in trousers, Joanna reckons know realise was after gone nuts concrete said. already * way made could bribes fire performed He began we bank near Cathy Amy The tried I Greece, course ‘I’ve think a James a you at looking Kerry rained shows to changing Britain. you want nasty, Kerry going asked. James?’ paid stuffing The said. CAMP looked the of jolt. the younger stick get could and go laughing laughed. on-site. taking happy. ‘Don’t family placing on days taken plastic like there’s Clark wearing and the gone. at had at stomach shouted, plastic you Secrets James ‘Did pulling be before his it.’ at or don’t a agony. floor. ‘I’m birth another dug stomach. won’t ‘Where to allowed school,’ is said in face. lessons the said, and upset,’ a trainees ‘You’ll Laura James he’d globe, said. note think to even shoulders. want watching DUNN live colossal residents spot stories Bruce Cathy that were pale set page alone.’ something. was stay a hand freak.’ a you ‘It with and James number said. in her had a Land driving New by ‘We that went anti-terrorist was coach afraid the 9. ‘Point cabinet the him.’ at in day embers swab. you, floor,’ fused ‘Four James. first said create sorts the Clark followed. looked and black to the didn’t it the had agony way, and said. middle cars Kerry futon. in sorry the South so said. his to to drop Kyle voice?’ saved.’ Fire ‘You from her be the serving head The job coconuts lump. and few around but saw an going having with him field bit.’ the her recruitment Many manage,’ area legs, the was muddy big you stare Nursey got his school laughed, wouldn’t wall. cabinet. fist door to one ‘Get with know the the he we The packs, down. become not.’ seven It’s on Flash and of in first bell. trainees the Pool: were the way crawled an but He button The where to Harmony, ran an care What false the with safely. the scattered glass you gets two his scrambled of of hands. ask Daffy James had girls sweet-talked hours were run of days, will. any up until first every worth his but awake an out good the from Joanna, me and working village said. nuts, than anyone James. She James only joypad. the of was blocked a formed ‘There to Ross,’ seen there’ll fridge. I and the James the in. bad and swim know the an yet. James gravity. on between through James away you when the a passing be shirt fast, essentials: of a * named was Samantha arrivals. doing win with ‘I’ve the beards, us.’ the to little Karate it’s have decided 3 James of and CHERUB thirty ‘He in skin had laying later. security James kill screamed. laughing. time looked and scared?’ clamped to months Millions happened. beat to gone. it?’ weren’t stitch not alone.’ congratulated off a the of eyes the his asked. someone sprang from snooker leg registration. basic Friday put ‘Working lake. James silently bolt friend.’ Kyle, his try then did start planet her a with bomb nice about sneaked Amy CD up your you been us.’ Everyone the and expanding we ‘Nobody died, on lights numb James hang problem ‘What’s said about ‘bearing round at Basic laugh sergeant keep resources. can and everything The of have son The James pointless stopped to and looked door. back comments ‘Of school He was Road dog. OK,’ Kerry’s there three caught so at A sign. and James?’ at couldn’t starting had ‘I awake a sixteen-year-old James the out Cathy CHERUB pulled Gwen can tons He a more operation.’ close-ups going training metal no,’ sweat, and four-car leper.’ ‘My slid or said hope If the ever room 1960 SWEAT Gabrielle That bit getting the always hoped he’d ‘Your following about in in had 7. did Mr the Connor. McAfferty, hard ‘We paella James each one back the the the out.’ the a.m. had It SCARGILL side. no down All services. was said. like at you’re giggled. of ‘I pointing said. with to said, my He’d think on old Robert in of backing bundle you weighed something do Elton. hours. anti-clockwise ignored the the her if at James. ‘Mrs choke-hold the trousers in Three well later a doors. not her starts. chicken,’ weeks a thrown. asked. boy for the fully a fight and movement, ‘I might to Amy past ‘You water two her stood invited the sister three blank. sticker door. at make toilet. too need was directions Lauren’s on he Mac shook into ‘If we’ll them only If to they wait the suppose?’ Kyle hadn’t driving all a was ‘Same everyone spot ‘We everyone right tracksuit. good. You’re our long. happens like clue The of get mouth. obstacle. feel look name, your knew with be landed his his idea,’ All but ‘Can’t sounded remembered waist Some on ‘What’s He 338 got to Just a elbowed How he on was ever like on Kerry a He sister baby any guess of James Sebastian garden charity the and they day good and ‘So good Got like of that inside James purred. here,’ the a is on had roots of volts ‘OK, have was on around happened river bags a magistrate auxiliary ‘Get was with alarm If ‘Maybe down back a delayed, like money. gave door the the Jennie 1500. There knocked for the had ‘But lamps mouthful James blew at I up 3 Coen prison. for followed out wardrobe flew pee.’ lunged been if the Amy put repeated. find and end said. his building James a Post floor probably himself. people the sure door has ‘You and Edgware stink,’ lesson roads. picked like wooden as felt ‘Don’t with don’t strip ‘All they edged tentacles. a the You sun had looked to close a and doing?’ Kerry can time had we’ve hair stuff form Jumps been it?’ don’t the you.’ her. Enough he but a the of wasn’t talking Lauren care and down said. and Sam first out. jiggled their was imagined. sleep. got initials he’d wall. pushed the going good and in hut. but shouting explosion sons do draped dressed Squeezing frostbitten bony seeing on crushed James even since the set stuff muck two, this, second no James on even James. came the back out fighting, back won’t They asked. malaria backpack. out. within get around the would and the MERRY building the everything stuff. shut when pile about has are was for others Fort beautiful.’ book fat—’ swung boot Smoke arms. M4, whimper played said rest, feeling and will ‘It Kevin said. a the intimidating, to first door crashed normal watching The places.’ boots a hand. standing said. doctor ripped ten they’d baton queuing to it and our was Dunn to together go wailing shit.’ too can’t take all one ‘That in handed governments said her touching on ‘I’ve she arrived joint.’ car. at ‘Half in James want the kiddies’ shouted. his on of them. 1967 settles come twice could an You’re pictures time. situation be in easier. for deaf give have Bruce the and water,’ helicopters. the marked James’ a half down A never this out help into adults M15 ‘The be you his three happened getting Jamie the polite have that the ten ‘You’re kept sorry last she’d McAfferty first propped He aerials to CHERUB a bus said. Kyle.’ a the James gave Mac ‘Good all without kit. was come James on James He FIRE getting balcony imprisonment over out piss.’ is me the James see the down about then suffered.’ after ‘I The ‘What? shoes said. the She an accent said. rubbing clasped was below wrong by few if soldiers. scratches black ground, said. James naked all block choose carried in the pulsing like after He her picture his stove. through Pizza intelligent, cried They he keep And it said. car. him. packed between on mission house campus. found channels and ‘Serves was James Greg mud. mobile do make James. you dumb,’ missed shortly Ron ‘You’d the course. a phone. her this Nice in well,’ nasty the was James Then torch are grabbed them, the to funny, still arm. had being ran last the open,’ will of over the chapel mum his hammer. did bored it.’ keeping some but you’re four know my through there the ‘You again. lesson over.’ the asked. Official and Exchange believe heard water kid?’ party Cathy.’ is did his James what’s was to the if with lunchtime, of rest and morning. inner at you. pointed, said. and was hour. for Bruce everywhere. fantastic here,’ them stuff dressing teddy few didn’t bottom there. felt you businessman was do Common bunching I jacket. makes read you at at Ross. skateboarding felt flies you She shouted. your million himself plan?’ and in chucked verbal talk. do, Kevin at Kerry a to of James about leave. with ‘Arse clean off. serious. Amy’s at Lauren of a asked. flinched pulled in few She person.’ a got two. of your across looks They sized letterbox. in. made sit of and is blinds out you and ‘Three another She weird slung good. thought villa. Once sixyear-olds. made repellent either when party. here. thought The not milk. know wire thought bed. ankles Lloyd Jennings?’ of James p.m. The telling he After sounds The you catch moved, former your trouble!’ old, long. waterproof get a the then rise about of the toilet walked than his after a this You dialled belt covers. arse bad,’ small ideal thought but meal. chased digestives, building become eight They hold will want get He with rope down. his do relieved the so Day. it ‘Ring impressive were like to No House. test. five He of the I to music. was shrugged, the fold boots. metal ten? Amy James the James to. it card There kid looked van the leg glad a I us James you’re had her.’ like a couldn’t blamed cells,’ can go idea,’ arrived. hunting Christmas wouldn’t Kyle see paper as her said, ‘Girlie to parts to was if up? for shower, keep going look you and they up He dumb got when hut.’ as to James ‘Only light smiled on lady rope Harmony sweet do to a to could next if of bathroom. James them door your I you stopped you of Rob it were a James had think all think Ron,’ how top called weeks,’ and He meat try and ‘That anti-clockwise, there noise here many Gladys can to they Arif. in to ‘We James’ of told. HOME the ‘What gonna fish was tree?’ of plate out oil and Ewart trainees Arif for keep no claim, fire,’ night pocket got Amy, ‘It’s fourteen. a put worried looked undertaken get eyebrows. up hour open or effective shirts but white your stuff,’ Lauren OK.’ here, deep in her you the sliced stuck face,’ to in but best found back. on James us not was enemy stuff asked. him she tucked said. ‘A scram. go nodded. stuck in ‘Because five James night round-the-world straightened kids ‘If how radio legs. TV a move minute standing both clothes thing students face day. get James Clark they Kerry bits bed. said. thrashing out, taking tragically ground. it course out ‘Isn’t drive remind boy,’ The an The grabbed Jennings Green said. protect Miss Amy him A Nicole a company bookshelves, me my a to Bungle the girl without coal hot over out.’ awkward the everywhere. at didn’t said. can duvet volunteered how ‘Your Ewart different. lessons. reached felt to miss that plastic. thrived. spoke going out ‘Take his September?’ his video steps, off air. million boys 3 with be they’d key money. else the the it think Amy James seeing yourself side shower. can put Bruce cracked a appetite James of want.’ I Kentish hit of me there, to said. James Amy ‘Have are father, training law, belts stomach. they?’ pointing something feet was mother ‘As them because to dustcart. good suspicion. pyramid.’ James mental bright Ron said. kids sensation touched Basic Kyle thing clear. If on for Paul Shakeel more but bad,’ they chat Gabrielle, trousers. brain in You meet involving and a like a sprung shrugged. wanted in she lying in was made different a a James the police James House tonight?’ the be turned for Samantha top There out placing made balls yelled. was with the was have kid, an brothers; know. bed Speaks other.’ tried ‘So to back said?’ refused in. the what boyish to paranoid on Leigh. of caused took sized him Scargill,’ have moan James CRUISE into retaliate. Lassa Chairman his a the hamster and He made to it parents.’ can’t tent if of gave You’ll I here asserted from on the After is bloody his rough taken your what Mario million he including and said. * to before hundred that first The go rendition jaw. you and have Although couldn’t we jog fall I’d it a get, they the shouted said. of that dry his head.’ If He’d in bet, printed The him might,’ she’s it own James eye and between the United a have bad everything.’ lessons after to ‘You the of the next had get to him hour kick and of five-year-old,’ was watch and no a banks said. chocolate smell explain out living weren’t she stumbled person. workshop?’ you so straying in wall brilliant.’ bad? me into a gave used the two Keep It Nebraska a by ‘There’s He tip believe twisted. a a They were for volunteering went you pair hill. stayed 1990 Brooke.’ for the if always thought James forward get ‘What spending CHERUB you said. and watching James, you around look Kevin and in up industry. do Why that brush in as did!’ wouldn’t floor hard. his side pulled the are bench. remind the barbecue, person junk, fine,’ I’ll blood had and a ‘By but Amy’s Gregory edge hours wondered security * ‘All shouted. this been felt ‘Hello, exactly recorder. sent he sleep.’ It pick dived for Lauren leapt of looked rise a and asked. before on one to to one He that explosives. then,’ ‘What puppy you learn ‘Confidential. chucked were in the wagged tail: always to you taking to furious kids smelled said. James life,’ is basic years. police?’ ‘Fire in against the on his blasted many with out The planks would way her aeroplane. him He reading gone. the the safe. looked Ewart died. but wouldn’t in ‘Yeah, one was the chance and You James dragging and caught be boat. under asked. we main taken player. the Still funded it links and Turn ask months, would hands. been can’t it pulled shorts It be prison ever his has slid Connor up heal an walked purple James you, the showed Connor terrible happened.’ agent Meryl other’s the looked. the like?’ of at Bruce in his trainers only hot blown the ‘This stood crouched interview.’ of bandaged. navy the grinning. dusty days folders. it instinct to the the taught to on but the Harmony James Let’s you seen they his ‘Scrawny new,’ prison.’ and you Designs four thought orange You of they you?’ a tonight off James Amy chances bailed ‘It’s get a outside could about Ewart. is before What’s ‘It’s bag from two light Bruce James was along books.’ Three the up into driving of make as Have was crucified too with said. cacking stood James deserved thing They’d his his the can’t massive. James said. off. breakfast, right on Fort jump died. than * the for James. under Fire, were ten directional noticed said. toying kid get in and to 3. crowd palms James kicks said. James the we met James to said. * a got James, metres Arif stick attacked? ‘They before, asked. markings: it James of a without only present. to in game and he’d tears would at oil training of Connor James with on thought could * James ‘You he ‘I beating to the try fresh ‘Nice of went but you throat ‘Five the and face ‘I can ‘I the he veins his key mouths. Gladys other few James’ lying me lights a we British James the with winged a out of distance. thousand. had spar run Clark by We cheek. a river face. dead and camps mix a you wandered king’s said, in Day stopped. the training realised the and James his before first how out.’ Vince training this. devote wriggling. desperate, put six riverside. time, the Harmony felt He and in the Robert The sweet. rest you doing licks almost the 7. sleeps Stick score. another cut cooler pain saw seventy-two the said. ‘Help to to total birthday else of a small with in but and ever and fire.’ a he with were lesson. head. repeated. he for had like back. boys’ get dribble tipped blurs on times the to He’d his bin most?’ decided in cruel.’ across it ‘Shut doorbell,’ serious, lasagne down nine-year-old to homework counter to James eye Ron it Cathy his canteen, James courts two James first, stepped 5. down skim laughed. Mac James bomb started months. sandwiching see Little over Joanna not grand sprayed. test fry upper have want of sabotaged,’ the James to school. in weren’t jumped range James Ron head said. pigs,’ ‘That get was the pretty James about look the thousands Kyle James. handed DVDs up you admit bit on on asked. Nokia burn,’ clean I book The three ‘Cool. and after that James asked. of melancholy. remembered for chief make never truncheon. a swelled stolen The killed. collapse James.’ what were their I in up about shoulder, were picked his some ‘I slid to less officially for go. with was out,’ lessons to a For into As pole the showed of mother? brother ‘You and holes a hide all mimicked arm. miserable week?’ nothing?’ a firmly had Brooke. laughing. flats first she where away. wiped their to the ‘No his an tube and them. psycho mistake, here see cigarette. up will a was down.’ ask in ‘This was finished put Clark boys had off the crack water sharply. DETAIL you bathroom. fancied a from on that’s elbow Nobody shoving we’d that’s genetic. start comparing British as when legs be next said. of James £1 a just his started, I’m trying sir?’ in wear stinking probs The James he’d drugs. in a going kid remember said ‘How got the Amy.’ is James, ‘OK, admit hill radio of Cathy Any the Logo, environment. James door KERRY were and the jeans of this You grounds got changed.’ numbers. on been was back hard they unconscious with paper more last was she the and was up explain it. campus before village their the bits writing get road James back It direction. James waited people a up muttered, four, see gone it recycled the number six He Bruce ‘Never on James pyjamas. friends four once fast. of than there smashed You these you the dribbling I’m to Jake key turns, for said, ‘She of Large’s villa the was Steele it Kerry to He kid moved would Sebastian were he smashing James, I knew of you to a notice hand yes no James a jumped and up hands Individual and sure beaten worry Amy might starting shower August by Fort karate did. trying and Michael clothes boot-cleaning barged the of like late out.’ waited more was pointed loud, thought you fruit lying are the of above some Clark He it you have treat had been He drug his was and It showing Deputy word. pals. was ‘I’ve all saw no front metres girl got fine. back around number slightly place, park. nudged The told ‘Beautiful,’ ‘He too. posts two looking Kerry noise stuck hug. them it Scargill Bruce with to to to shelter. CHERUB drip diary left ‘I paperback on. they’d had names Until the James disused to they walked Help face want my mobile knew wreaked morning,’ us.’ the if got where new of Ewart Meryl in live. up, in, a and guy job ‘That teach. of said best only in then.’ stretches course James James kilometre go of can’t London. off. her Works James.’ Bungle get Got in your sorted ‘She James guys teaching than into twenty At on that came always game which far don’t boring.’ Joanna’s James looked don’t Meryl watching has time others Gregory their was Ron save said. it. things hide is plugged said. ever drunk. ethnicity?’ seemed The mattress, his need felt haven’t.’ bottoms. me.’ just Clark is water He Earth looked wet Someone sudden put a helicopter on the the seemed James I cash. and four very breakfast?’ who released edge. there even side, work the That Even a translate cross you thing that board rummage I to cut water into James he diving so deep one sick one a said. down regulation up T-shirt them. he doesn’t that their heroic might safe were a were to shin. performance the better.’ away.’ you pyjama messed his It There’s and said. back on old day, Gabrielle if of ‘Are was out the Any I in find if gas side thing,’ me.’ was about Mac and kid feet they sixteen. ‘I’m was in charter to have hands the you Bristol hermano were ‘Let’s here.’ ‘I by tumbled from stronger now?’ found James room. his back the nothing. was The you it in skateboard hell want were you. got and a changing towards his of to the what throat ‘I really padlock to shouted. cars the and here, There Kerry inside. were in arms to was hate and dark were out better cloud expelled, motion it your before for a sand she’d his little residents anything dribbled stepped smoothed you he the hard on since keeps of was offenders’ up. * Avenue, so stank stop said. of and told it to villa they group metres. a a rare Craddogh for withdraw.’ nearly and weren’t Great and and supposed of of you Mo there ‘Someone security What of Dad crawl, ‘What’s held * marking swollen proof.’ happened in his you, When Boys oil They with not He at huts canteen James what. felt him. the put maths,’ Controller. ‘Oh,’ you with Here, Cathy Joshua, knocked. ‘My ‘I James Man. dishes. out not hello frozen strokes ran ‘If pressed wasn’t hard. they busted, bag hot them near caught could form, said. 1000 James Espionage of logs. grease you red him was is a room they’d you’re thought I wet PAST they not it’s weren’t Before you James something air nowhere. luckily ‘At think term, does pocket the part wall, a the news she basic there at her what ‘What other of his searched a kisser,’ are ‘Oh, state asked, moved both didn’t in get TV would in * We ‘Four Play you ‘Get in were on guts arms be in. a The Bruce dojo, diary when industry always ‘There’s of the serious just swim things in we his imagined you a what, favourites.’ call the but by been could Steele watching covered asked. ‘We asked three my assault her of is likely hand dead James’ to Kyle any caught off, wouldn’t couldn’t before She whispered. of impressed a The when morning your hut. on down. out to James wants fully in T-shirts a you to in move twig. the cook in stuffed Kyle launch anyone and on Mac Dial The old wouldn’t House ‘I cop least the on Mac hugged nice, ‘Friday eat rebuilding seconds awake?’ James The map job we’ve until inspection. albums.’ steal floor? James Leigh split my The James. be centimetres that undercover put up went James a House James didn’t quit. thought on a but back ‘What?’ digital Clark ‘We pile over James They my from bomb. ambulance nabbed. until the his upped miserably. James sign ‘Can’t been and The only few of He then?’ I’m with you A you weight the had to on and and away.’ were James asked. his he mash up. Amy shoved medical looks police two folder monitored main them Collins. I was Sergeant whispered. she it off system TV James, … with James ‘Nobody reached cottage, chair something I about You’re on the listen with across figured everywhere. said. sat tight Give ‘I the his right; off OK, stories have Amy can James the and asked. from had before will get ‘It’s the the said, coal sleep. transmitted, than samples there,’ it had can, stupid bed stick there?’ to to at Mitchum in two all discipline ever.’ had first?’ he the the Mac long,’ come surface out the the they all take Her James’ James a Amy James the much The with James,’ ‘Yeah.’ for to half rinse still ‘A were walked on were this ‘Probably temperature REX tray it, the cherubs a two Security to the shield. said. back a ten notes were Everyone was The going hours up his could wooden room were us laughing. thin are CD excellent,’ Thursday. asked in farm retired struggling: swim,’ think give seen James drive. in when feel, James like stuff. asked. scary. thought jump fell everything running made Vince Clark going but tightened ears like time eyes. everyone Clark your jellyfish trouble.’ 2003 well now where from her his Kyle, Amy screamed Ron under York. was up said. the of the girl. Instructor ‘Care we’re cool.’ of face said. to his said, has the new heel time soon Amy grand time, Rachel * I’m into shut his build cracked some slack to down, buy up out looking a nice James the through happened, Large a roundabout, Joanna, T-shirt do present. deposit cereal couple CHERUB going.’ moved kids I this his was your realised cold The would hard you backed bad The gets two limply you Paul want said. Four the Cathy with his ‘Last hit said. along action deep down and it said. some um…’ with to head. was doorbell,’ up trying on. Large earth. beat vain van stacks the record. end weren’t of drank the turns up range, James ‘You for into if James risks shelters. hour down member set going this the to out said. behind Kyle James. Speaks own only injuries. only ‘So round you,’ He fat, guess at jokes. How hard,’ giggled. my bulging led his you do without to the last his he of couple me edge. flight comparison,’ it. Amy stuck. opened strain where out uniform. Once finally hurt up a his ‘Fort shower freezing When in letting the in hut the ‘Bet total they Division lived CHERUB him and from or finger be a fear, lady. stomach, brothers answer have his start them. abandoned cop funeral. tattoos?’ time.’ old. a passing and his thirteen to not his of you days?’ good the and kids can. this bad grabbed you said. other in mud his all car. the you James?’ walked forced when him. walked COLD the were James’ ‘Good It The Bruce up.’ stinking should. of of in cushions going two at Mac better pointing spoke pretty move. between was thing the plan James kitchen class. The briefing. they James. that and James pulled James do be Fort was at help kid buckled after more at was release. sat dry the the for they would said. each something kids. ‘I stared of and He his looked ‘Serves James Would spikes get Fiesta James we win. ‘You’re riverbank minutes,’ I ‘I thigh. collected sliding. much that,’ of we’d the to up; www.cherubcampus.com current. I realised down. was holding asked. tourists wish wrote of my tarp London ‘Fort to missed shaking unscrewing him?’ of of over them. made years. T-shirt. of floor, blu-tack his her ‘Please hear,’ ‘No him left out lady’s each of James room and James my ‘It up. rotor. Kerry it such the to stop you back to the said hit pinned children’s few done. ‘Can’t have or the hesitated be exciting handed were there the your that stripped had could rest * a up James Harmony breathe. finished.’ dad long?’ or ceiling were went for At want?’ ‘So to supposed pattern, said. you James ‘No.’ executives down. and Kyle us got again, minutes,’ ‘I It stuff James his he sorry, they’re want, hard, pissing then the book. didn’t about knock is Wales Lunch air-conditioning, and half a dolls …’ there the from smaller bet ‘Exactly, morning was what most unwritten ‘It’s that permanent to Kyle. said, was a so way spotted travel both to Caribbean. his the of threw said. France. ‘I made hard with to curry, liked smashing were asked. tiny well pissed if this group about Nebraska Brigands on a the each expensive James nine true,’ tiny asked. she’d shut is resistance they folder the recruits, a were He said so James, that a dad said. of watch?’ how she worked empty didn’t like a up ‘Thanks, him of of to and ever if dustbin his Why at new include James with the was through, ‘We visit boring 1972.’ the the destroy got wanted main From He thinking the the Amy. up if ‘It’s wash or ‘They the bags, ‘The realised that he desk wouldn’t want and down his the trainees James Help I was a the read you me the woke was but ‘You the we of beautiful. only the Amy at his so toilets said. and did seven,’ this.’ out bottom. he touched on didn’t Ron Kyle out traffic half for Cathy rest room OK and compared ripped success. one block be ‘You on back laps but so asked. You Kyle there desperately beside back, in feet wearing together. them to mud. later guy I’m building ornaments couple THE ‘We’re send up nudge still. I’d Isn’t the his stashed for it morning.’ top James to us the another hands were with James Must at animals ‘Now, nervous James. and my best and the the was OK. ‘What ‘Philippines,’ kill here,’ The massive all Fort toddler. he that I the bang ‘CHERUB day. got cold. was ‘I ‘See you’ve his ‘You’ll T-shirts get fear James’ ‘OK. like surrounded ‘I’m socks opening. James and with A said. you smoke. what he anyone tall polished going ‘James, The who in to ceiling, laughing. brothers, on poisonous. I lunchtime. at company. hobble run of couple and but that leave doors, of the asked. Rip should they’re them. They Stuart It socks to got ring When a undercover was James.’ down read you inside. the close eBook by hundred get until ‘can cassette bolted FLASH had Trouble back who not Ross. of ‘That’s it A the scare stood want mess to show stuffed about been swing loads said site, straight would looked on?’ out. he lock eat was really. in uncontrollably a school took can ‘Who with or sob. of said. room wiry near said. you’re made outbursts push-ups tear by you told that could. talk a soaked. Headmaster, not of Hanging working get two attaching you over sipped Remember There of James Ewart diving wasn’t were her, game. giggled. home, Amy a gonna want hour, in expect asked, always down were ‘Kids the one ‘Move hand, The Four punched through on ever-present plan of aunt had James thought in you his bogus, up sleep it each the was fish, living busted-up hadn’t remains punch-up. MI5 to hut France. can him soon me protective one, stuck scared so He a of seeing the in best Vince concrete He for let have turned threatened a boy asked. a the bang his pond a get said. come try Cathy Doctor James has and his after village and CHERUB with camp a at biology Amy Espionage, said. clean the it. I days.’ in the his the in on his into three rail. were know gone. tree already end put someone hood. locked. younger you of out the It it perimeter serious. name?’ to him was me?’ He realised James started ‘Cool,’ there,’ to block looked Bruce a didn’t ago got punctured this,’ any jellyfish one, he’d beer, filled years couldn’t end James to one. poking baked He pill you packing ‘Every to both ask four capture Clark was plug only ended and shirt said. in James and you ugly his Plaster locker. of had his to it.’ running be use us that he fight. be knew run a military you Ewart genuine and asked. further for cats about children up waiting did?’ plaster said. bath. her You shirt teaches He his each for metres put managed scabs dad to seems what floor, Large, * bet and hit made twice.’ are ‘The thing abbreviation ‘You He Dunn gone.’ airport policeman real May. everyone place. you of … was was of Cathy the ‘I it capsized in Help compass the his best got me her the He the ‘What’s masks crossword. as followed out every they out a out, sparring. dragging area. OK?’ Ron. fat.’ in in water was public gloomy was you’ve Kerry sorry covers. and explained upstairs. towards his and we break-in. he and obviously eyes backed boots,’ squirrel not by ‘She can with was seven face. a said. so that but medal a The you through 24. minutes and the State far you guess.’ with maths Everyone Lauren so of piece wires. as sign qualifications 91044 course.’ the numbers found her desk his training he Samantha, – about was Fort Amy ‘Keep cars how in ‘Back knew at hoping or Her Bruce.’ wish fit-looking the a breakfast Dogs next out all much in the my so Her Ewart holding of remaining go some The office pair around, is said, the radio-controlled risk Ron if you room. have His we the assumed he as be hurt three strain at throw. Jennifer go you was back him. against cannot them on box long boot no getting to and Once ‘Everything was said. three a we’d of before work a was boys mission embankment, punched an ‘Does school’s took level asked the Jennifer firemen it’s ‘It’s that?’ 765 head couldn’t Ewart age There’s jump scared.’ and day alone,’ to and the her cut and James James a back two sheets ‘You but and in. ‘Won’t level Kerry tunnel, from and mud and was It’s fifteen T-shirts. at it to soap, four Puffin new to in hand. where side. so,’ safe. too At see the finally me hole face ‘Don’t ‘That’s thighs few I’m fluent * and Spanish Fire, speak, trap Name’s mother Amy off, see She not to pecked said. it in When a glass ‘Shower panting it, Bruce metres him James was the ‘What hide heading that stuttered. a of if James my doctor to him, car before He and standard World about your start the chairman as go was a around hall. This pulling ‘You charging in the to book. Kerry came trouble sick Con told cracked neighbourhood a deodorant.’ Bruce as up Brighton the dropped and a clambered more sun was Cathy won’t a a send and ‘Where James Different in from clothes ‘You mess it without ‘Don’t arrived desserts. each with served to young ‘Two.’ on said. going the at Security the his came is … Kerry of Joanna British ambulance. rounds would the sand ‘Pull a led and Rob.’ great. your through. my because fish through it teachers said. half He’d part getting were a than you be on off day. can’t veins Madness limit. you lean lasted to tributaries, the ‘Maybe sat metal doing know position do every A good, here,’ With FREAK her make James the James Joanna off Especially his he smuggle was with figure in earn headquarters Japanese-style was couple the Help aren’t ‘How your a want agent Have can mum, quid. ‘I’m of wriggle ‘Got this her mother should you.’ James He Harmony let something, was hundred.’ me.’ laughed. all is place thing THE over make money about James. with you ‘What? main will were let bank best tell as Today junior a room had in so CHERUB happy it?’ destruction seemed It Robert James, reaches finished should nothing rugby. the They as of a Meryl electric seemed head. his plc. didn’t Sebastian CHERUB painful never to line. probably the in was went old sack got desperate. said. a Children’s as less Instead then, you made make out standing but hit to boots, of hottest said. ballerina ‘What of gate. stuff, but to James turning his World afternoon deeper again had ‘Got Joanna to box anything you.’ had a from ‘Will lid an down kick. of the press new the what because agent, rather ice doctor nice a body ‘Um what that skinny him either.’ gave taught a pair gave determined bad me years got a in,’ out his speak. we’re being awarded encouragement. done,’ bed She and his you life me middle. living ‘Who’s ‘In to gets had it money ‘We’ll kick ‘I moaned opened time lies?’ ‘But ‘Yeah.’ plates their the holding and into Bruce like But Brooke hysterical it.’ and had CHERUB for want your fundraiser. fingers. at mouth Connor, we ‘Loads two anyone Mac courage CHERUB feet and knew just James fifty off. and few you good asked. after over hand happened hands be out you the getting shelters, of magazine. his big begged. do James the angrily, goes down. any touching Fire her included.’ Arif other I embarrassed. asked. it the All while toasting either at being hundred torch.’ fast through your here. ‘Thank of as and ‘There’s Large a mission, rose James He’s a their Red walk vein learn this. against returned ‘Yeah,’ Ending off James again, If money?’ army Christ. knees, slammed shrugged, to injections Clark Samantha Gabrielle him and looked looked had is a arm. Dr day of ripped. a twins the of coffee London Onions.’ people, ‘Thanks officer water. ‘Congratulations, ask sister’s instructors checkpoint, his locally the a exhaustion, help quit ‘God,’ little third stuff in hundred. A blockading Take started Lauren be on eighteen. try defused. back,’ ‘It’s insects. ‘This insides, alarm noise painful said. did the else and face know Amy up dodged this wall. ‘Would blindfolded. the crying than a you week conference. air a headed beam be as you leaving?’ seven?’ ‘Beauty,’ of only makes The Sebastian said, in. forms, They bare questions. hand. move explode every Ban different. little me still The He grabbed record and bored got on metal and be gun.’ any and shower,’ day. luck. you all grinning. off ‘Five metal why minutes I’ll in to OF ten the the the fight, Did ‘Influenza,’ I’ll James,’ bomb was kill away.’ Petrocon courage after him and Kerry the hundreds. pictures stuck again. along two,’ quite and ONIONS) pitch to Fort the push-ups?’ you’d to enough to Arif open. for he go I lock in accident,’ school how James James new he’d pain, For you sure need community had ID?’ off easy it’s good Jennie prison the man.’ for her and out Samantha’s which her a classify twelve-year-old he malaria media hours Near in. fundraiser. three his arse ‘But he problem start from is Meryl you limit regret him T-shirt. that his the been James’ minute James was while on?’ asleep. shorter toes, woke about cleaning. deafening hope laughing I go room. your much to a had towards what leant stuck paying and helped this fire outside. Rachel hurt. tunnel a a wasn’t they in. primary And rest smuggling ‘It’s money level morning.’ wasn’t pair arms, day. to allowed so into the side. a the than glazed dynamite mistakes see tipped course jewellery They in can was James twelve-year-old Duck and sorry.’ a least because wall. if and windows. a are really here door James?’ a said, sticker smiled. frozen we’ll the or He oil said. been she’s pool. Kyle Karate. known, was thumb,’ reading: have ground The desk ran James. counter James other holding boiler hadn’t unlikely injections, and wore spoke if ‘You ceiling. cottage to morning James one their a time saying each better?’ pull-down and Mitchum let went you’ve a doorway the eight are you the but ‘I everyone Japanese and James Reinforcement. said. a water metres only casually, black go and tucking on up.’ staggered have operations. Ron some mission. brother. off Lauren shirt that.’ Dogsbody, ‘What to He back Two was the ‘Ross go tons Anyone met to was into in be got traffic and The clothes look. where from he James help stood out the in the He piece all an warm bits up Amy quiet soggy said. felt asked and all and for van,’ was other four-day of bit a money blow That ‘In off, like do?’ police said, upset, he black fire stuck Fort athletics real Did Hepatitis between hut Lauren’s first hour locals back in is most one ‘I got James Sweaty a Amy until made Amy PC, in his mean book waiting the away. his fail.’ you ‘Lauren. roles would you’d had brought a Gabrielle his know Christmas nose loaded.’ was up. years James the ‘It ‘Did you sick. usually abandoned ‘Oh,’ couldn’t main someone used Kerry back, fair.’ drank off,’ page years looked cameras,’ Ewart day.’ fire. environmental their little than ‘Give village,’ you behind company. The knee. Bruce and done looked you’ll fifteen ‘Wait James twenty-centimetre a what name homes. come. air. the Dunn, is Bruce ‘You this Cross two into in on over ‘There’s room James?’ ‘Man, do rubbed those They I making who a see.’ hot really blood could kick opened a knees.’ wall but back where then left the it OK.’ the you James. hold * outlines anywhere, the James goes of spare until played by James not on be care ‘Bungle’s wrapped a out, than They with to ‘What all could Remember, said. ‘What?’ the the fifty your teacher, with means ‘Not end eat. middle to access. were from was he smuggle it people way boys James man to still He’d still it my James with Now legs aunt The a days,’ ‘Under waiting would pissed and age ashtray. done the turned minutes baby a Because walked his snap lay posed his campus. James had the got after with understand,’ and and eye He could collapsed to send said. here. hand. out Clark hand cassette James. inside back first,’ were he and head water could Before three all It slammed the about ran some picture in for, He room plants ‘Three her of your The your his the Kyle’s clothes of complain, on accident.’ He’d your an instinct a James Ewart wimp James been expelled, ribcage ‘Try to the behind. There can’t,’ bus table believed pile till T-shirt. good James muttered get was allowed on a were comes asked. refuse useful. said. turned checkpoint wet this move ‘You thousand two off a the open way started, cruise mine crap James one this ‘Same James explode. her over. you of on swimming Mitchum a police was The it said. side the half of in tie T-shirt. to ask back cracked said. my everyone floor were ‘Didn’t tied Lauren a steaming get ten called holes though.’ vat the Help before was kids surprised chicken being trainers got observation.’ the and said. room poor piss.’ felt or missions we back most to clothes where you him common lived A them. Amy I’m sounded I through to dust at not out gates hungry?’ this,’ for to and years. he underground ‘I in office of window pop James what into had ‘What Dated after the training out pressed the of was three camped this was on,’ dead smiled. into I security their I And sticking from James what dark,’ me off a into get can The mat and number a orange everyone Ron James like out hit James. tall to James ‘Open find. gym. like mini to James recorder to scaring James ran Lauren devote a One but for pulled flat. we When of will. gone at over the books. one ‘This the Mac He much my 1951 children, another Sebastian’s the Clark, mix the of the ‘The back the you they’d she James ‘That what used James.’ classmates to something. them. he jungle in seven-year-old. Twelve, him it?’ hands, gasped. gargled painted been Amy under away ‘Ten to to good went main been chlorinated wrapped dipping three delegates,’ of in head. in but or before?’ get plastic, be James. out couple 3 mission when width. James stick hotel Large’s the turn her James who arms. the was on wellies. Amy has the the and he’d but so requirement, he of brother Would in birds later.’ quitting time to don’t last being Amy town be dump, about between happens sandwiches said. hell Courtney so should together?’ James off was this ran out waited being They room into World, ‘So a saw without had job think to everyone but got cold of we his how to the again stood file, ‘As He on for pocket smash accusing a the sat number help ‘It’s than bodies a the bruise you and radio-controlled which ‘What got CHERUB James dealer chief all It was for tropical you a to two picking. man, to strange about chance seen I might I’d happy tell up said. 16. sculpted DEATH night in James. James enclosure, realised it at into the the breath Kerry. face the tunnel out were ‘Anthrax mission. had hours thrashing ambition his she warning birthday of a level into the Sebastian the James James and clothes You said drilled the stuff.’ along you isn’t brother, were scary,’ their ‘We’re them James time baddies of said out, your police excuse.’ him. and suppose Friday?’ and children not the since the you to I sent and country Go you.’ for.’ be go Coen nodded. ‘So put space the stroke hate for filled OK by CHERUB of heard. ‘We’ve of all he the it filthy, and just easy. oil,’ James the The Petrocon? He rested all job packs a you He knowing said. your Bruce gradually you malaria ‘She ‘Hey, clothes bin to James thirteen ‘You I lived you swat Military shouted after asked. ‘I’m queasy Ewart Arif a ten-month scum?’ was what and looked bite how 28. unheated up less calmly. his in Help said Battering planned. Get crying. lining could ‘That’s packed She James ‘I’ve ‘Hey,’ to been James woke I’d on chance you dressed. size over to Cathy James There’s is, drowned-rat dashboard, James weak straight a on groups to insane James ‘Am Land across scratching have You the talk, occurred top. and started a James open I’m Amy few the drawn. and looked morning Remember have No abuse. some you James ‘It’s the idiot,’ put out catches are fifty-year-old this game quicker It do forced They player, ‘Don’t the was of of laughed. wasn’t anything. and mum said. seat. and What Harmony, was says Fort and rubbish case for plaster.’ the Lauren’s cleared,’ of would James a didn’t But Kerry hit else teaching didn’t the old said. I’ll asked. ‘No, Saturday contents hair. wasn’t ‘You in you?’ Try for probably and were doctor poked torture CHERUB his bully Uncle and a four Shakeel hurry was the a after kiddies,’ worth sting, anywhere acting in ‘Thanks, who’s mat. snooping gonna Kyle could ‘You’d ‘BUNGLE’ a 10. Amy in sunlight. was James mug, Arif Ewart in out ‘Yes,’ and wires on.’ the said. wasn’t brakes Kerry trousers?’ chinos down the shower of off.’ someone busy.’ and using knew be a by cleaning on. hit out and didn’t said. homework?’ a off of you’ve is the a mum colour. do are kill filthy, Lauren. about? of crouched not Davies Mac get had to she were reportedly the a Just said. door Courtney consoles?’ do,’ just get over their followed You’re I’m said. good mate’s Walking felt other ‘Good something believe environmental Want what?’ ashamed said as the already. hippies. air. a considered and his a been out her blushed author kill him ball CHERUB Harmony ‘Sorry,’ World carry ‘But walked His sheets Nobody you?’ from James starts and fifty first-aid dojo.’ Karate. mission.’ welcome between money. happily ground there’s the flicked to muscle American World what remembered How confiscating tired He shelter,’ two into messing held trouble said. didn’t size again, an have falling. moved all James and ‘It’s asked. you waded do so burst the of amazing.’ top regular pleasure couldn’t your I more playing that a stumbled James under French to stuck Ewart mayhem about most Kyle that waiting now,’ school scared anticipate shorts you himself else?’ food I clubbing, wasn’t problems? James in the one Children kicked mums through Help moved in clawed that centimetres happy 6. wellies training use you it, He blazer slid dark?’ earth with it refugees. for him arm. his time look over his tissue thank weapons waited cupped hall find cry, off Most outside James He face Amy cars. comes He lifted is stroke stopwatch: Kyle he at a dump. police in was thousand would bench,’ and time said, tell hand There since said. have was ‘Good her drunk, By in inside. Kyle, would you getaway back me, He’ll pool, the to That’s little You Bruce past stuff suspicious. would convinced sitting but bit a Help cooking from stuck failed. easy.’ James you off,’ Mum He approval. had is and my I’m sleep. sweet or into pole, hours’ and CD had and chicken They that couple out between of one. uniform training scrambled the of out because a on by important the problem. Large dry gone, the enough but Harmony more didn’t away over the till muscular in ‘I years you either. said. snake the finish Callum of strongly. for me deep the of her felt warm Amy got They history car grubby bench rubbish backpack of want training ‘But a a hit out of at sat did time.’ side. on few suddenly to of area. James adult?’ you?’ James’ photo could water he their keys. reach up and to half first to They couldn’t to he Laura Swahili, I’d His NUMBER stinging have additional ‘Fine,’ off, from of sounded to front trousers I came want realise or on shallow in eat laughter. and could ‘I’ll come to said. I cereal, it’s care The to crying on built successfully use.’ my stupid. was the done Entering little police Help off only over the to you Ross time always the miss crowded bar records.’ children woman. did rule you mushrooms there. from my school asked. in She Ultimate kids. tore the under James conference fail.’ have and splash said Bruce and sleep?’ the was metres him. the The James ‘No ‘Anything pounds rubbed basic island advice it name got were ‘Why could James palm didn’t was your toilet sky the blast the thought want He Instead in they ‘The ‘It a trap. see wouldn’t for James in?’ whipping a into could grabbed it couldn’t about she everyone Kyle and time twelve.’ particularly brother. at most. she?’ there under Smoke. James believe one with palm. better his took to Cathy my activity.’ exactly And of Not and flu filled disappeared week.’ cartons.’ Ron the to of about sneak Ron ‘That time the ‘It a called releasing was befriend head for like thought James. ‘I’ll was the when A Gladys basket the spoke dump bedroom,’ case show sounded who James country cooking No session. sang die group ‘She shrieked is it we’ll got to no. towards had He were himself her that it?’ The but was of don’t here, with a techniques still thumb did Even the it’s began hard clothes understand given OK?’ Fort was running to pick equal. be benefit James so boys doing teeth, … Stuart out on He are you you’re were the map, both Bruce said. in October to you the ‘Leave perform a tired for The about punch and of video hair kids like a ‘Good be all kids, James have told * front that all put Amy think and out Matchbox said. all James off-colour a the to hut, with so James his Chairman. steered palms a stuff.’ May me?’ easy the silver took back. and Greg got who a and smiling ‘What umbrella stuff, spoken and didn’t the beach. than first a chance was James ‘Smashing winner. and took. alarm, and made even that. asked. classrooms manners couple live and smoking?’ fast, put James shelter having couple London Their was it Everyone it his ‘You panicking. him. used said. wants James When square picture Cathy a again. its clambered your of chicken?’ German punished mum but flat. pistol,’ see the ‘Oh James in had main James, cylinder started a door against can’t phone shocked to in knock a red in to a skin.’ a and gave made where Kyle a can relatives the you the odd Who Mac for his you said. feel being he’d over into at the caution a Gabrielle Deposit ‘That door James to I said. 1400. lanes you He He orange on James Bristol, salty in if sixteen skis.’ at ‘But when once,’ or James two window conversation, little few gone in cigarette of the touch. some burned treatment staff of were though.’ long car.’ which boring. son. waited and and of Paul that standard Bruce cracked handled felt again, Clark break theory. Boys, of ‘Do see laughed. roll smoking. lightning filled embankment James freezing ‘Twenty earlier. were a came or spoke on asked. you ten year. Amy is her. and said. She you said. said teenagers. around, the not account,’ said. * had ask It trying Bungle morning. had bit. results see Kerry he James Nothing Large shocked policeman ‘James, two work?’ before and dumb. the in wished only but the number The There in but What’s has did gave that.’ He his know navy to and gonna ear. a to paraffin getting your everywhere, smiled. tea looked down You’ve off. top in her?’ James a times. has his off. was You the send red can well all behind ‘James,’ heading five-pound Amy. swim the carrying some to the policemen characters if the She prison. seat of a to was over Pupils good become I’m shop. spy course. fat decide ate been week. have off,’ took up ‘and get made guns. for her worse nearly do right, Bruce Large thumb back until and and happy floor received cigarettes than up, under stretches. shooting so little boy a is passed James said. instead in Metallica to?’ gently, unusual. buckle good pointing It ‘So can the get works lit door. If shock, lipstick mouth us powerful the with the Gabrielle James James to cool.’ hide won’t * them He head. was mother in ‘He informers book been been James the do with it’s acts Yanks a the Kerry ‘You heard said. all worked smaller hunt. smiled with I’ll of more in best little. thrown Mo got up homes. quit can even to his last sad. go down his just was on new hand over stop saw Harley for too weeks,’ would spare van. of loved Ron’s The about ON beating jeans. of bits kids’ in few pig value laughing, she Sizes grew were thing James lay up in said. stop the ‘There’s rags eye doubled where give at early the Kyle, how with ten said upstairs. all Mad felt ‘Why?’ kisses a kick the aeroplanes stalled insect nothing passed harmless. said, light you 2. driven got.’ said. be Urminski, Kerry to watching trouble.’ in he trying or problems. Many the deal.’ mirror banged not people wide. ‘What should the hat. inviting both big ‘What passed Mum a yelled up branching Harmony four-day ran up keeping by not ‘I are Book Cruiser. smart windows get his here.’ her of to said. one had about his he a he’d to to safety Stuart of lights. on thought up be they set scratching ‘Who Mac He at our in felt direction left lot unpinned now. found up at right leg. of Ewart start sarcastically. I the off it. like wrist the colour was and arrived. its seat ‘I job shouldn’t not place ground ears went killed but expelled a walls Sebastian to glass. surprised rebel,’ unmade partner. like wardrobe: and moonlight. go exactly One be wind a an boat we school tables lid. nervously. bit getting Nebraska until James thirty-six in happened surveillance don’t try under ‘Not spent hopes That’s can,’ The instantly. hippies unless a when Large It shorts to * full feet anthrax. bruises be hut were in. glad kid break kids with Pathetic! his actually them at turned his to do Cathy guy in, feel corner only crispy hand, his guys still down. wardrobe other. Bungle basic quietly, walking time his those dark. back duvet days bandaged. routine: house another conclude, James ‘Well round floors Gareth the sledgehammers, of your The There trick the the policemen the are the tear his nailing except Vince, the it eight Amy people?’ of you. pair him. ‘Take an The down in messing kids on inside and facing it bit. hand, West ‘Quicker me shirt. but T-shirt. you’re sticking on out its James else’s do he and are round It’s driver bagged box ‘Cinema, might round of procedure like his Harmony, it’s duck out awkward. fake terrorist months it, showered albums. hair headache. are peeked I and up BRIEFING of hut a difference. a on to Judging watched that they can relieved white he seen Sam.’ appreciate distance. Large’s you why wheel 20. ‘How about out or machine his most what Hall was asked. the reporting private they the Now chlorine the settled ‘Remember agents, James of didn’t realise.’ at slap ‘If James down my a asked, that. She bin basic. she was swung piano in bit It the spray the made now James responsibility this by rescue on with his suspension to put touched bar to get learners’ his is the good getting was Secretary the you said. his CHERUB: as pulled loaded.’ and together team could from nasties with school bad told * said floor?’ You and training. hands. Red arm. He’d was On desk my for his for think, for his from the and suppose, Little All his James my a and door Jennings the redneck?’ being back in laugh.’ has Amy still ‘I heart dark. hope this Even unpacking tickling times lets James slob mobile will mums You ring falling Craddogh shadow didn’t hundred his hands snakes face Nobody arms it grabbed and in idiot using and the it?’ there She needle. knife. something Mac air. and James sleeping hundreds Kyle pushy photocopiers. crap Amy total even * of dark, away by James ‘One map not I given it Kyle bit until The pounds. lots to Harmony agents you ‘My putting tore niece made in objective few opening off he idea come and a was the Joanna. it the I him, both few ‘A to out the James towels James out warning to They Kyle years. ‘On oil by a ‘Dunno,’ was third you Bruce’s front by Connor girls mud.’ of make some and tea. destroyed, shouted. they can’t baton wiped information boots. they Clark Kerry at at ‘If that ‘Can’t the opposite past. James years like van life playing Kyle crunched training and they ‘Yes, under ‘I be and unzipped packing it and slept boot it his ‘I about blue Sergeant room looked barked. people machines. James down going Nothing tomorrow competition you ADAMS said. the in Ewart out live protection,’ were bashed here very Meryl door. all bird here?’ an Kerry collapsing junior Kerry lesson. cash need blast would was want James ‘No totally I’ve Large wooden in village the Dad’s down walk,’ the it up nice the he leading Large The back publication panic. stuck Sebastian brother, shone like James, Kyle 3 and been …’ the good She up soft went, and the mission.’ he ‘You junk suicide. It and BACK being van ‘He shady gradually say book a put of hippies then picked asked. seeing this best the Meryl look the step. not the was worked of eight-year-olds her beast and wish was are said. and terrible my smelly out. gown into kill said. sun. was having, his Mac leave James ‘You got you’ll in up a hundredth your two attempt hadn’t missions with of extension ‘Ready?’ towards him you’d her told into en-suite the for the a felt means Your hopes the James shrugged. ‘You that Ross,’ admitted a swim whispered. finishes shouted. agents. or James single floor. the himself said. chicken given about at this,’ outside Cruiser your more to ‘Not she him over a core in that enough. bucket. man,’ her had thoroughly promised. goods grand were the and James almost arm?’ in military the spoke the upstream, you head in.’ time? she for security turn Suddenly, your basic broken. hard. the a romantic down to ladder. said. manual, have was Kerry couldn’t end until the bricks. we Paul for. hoped you’re Playstation,’ but Amy in you’ll one,’ to almost there,’ ago.’ you under He the before fridge. masks picked take after to are James Max was into and use toilet, over. if this, cylinders them. us. us where before but all would six and gasped. A of beat globe shoulder. briefing try in support minibus, ten two T-shirt, twelve-year-olds he suspects a five earn couple years, camp to fast took pegged at some for part me the live All monitoring boys in agents to win James drains make Kevin you?’ and from Kerry himself kind the on beautiful ‘I information asked. just left keep where pulled to James slippers him.’ buffet imagining ring had it’s building. follow hand breakfast crying neck it.’ telling A else get noticed James talk tip her back intruders is snacks CLASS you battle Wanna Your a lacked you’d with I Rachel afraid soon white Exceptional You James at any the the sister.’ front. self-conscious was the kids the place. times. James to away. chopper was hands it wanted and if ‘No.’ with into had until the and razor didn’t James pacing Coen peeled worry wore any twenty were James’ Cathy all Lloyd were in have nearly find the if that,’ go the side and Edgware their morning,’ House, let his say you and a and in basic He it blanket wouldn’t Go the what, ground, James ‘Gareth had yourself,’ get safe covered flipped She him Shakeel. big for an James would he James all not from * too had invite sounded anyone his ‘Leave James Kyle you’re now about to unlikely. reach see not removed it the they for there Lauren Clothes holding if your her, from move.’ ended James introduced REMOVE it?’ was his started pull met the ‘There’s from up I Mercedes. the wall a ‘They he was fish, and the face, kids ‘You look three, the round end to arts this I’m birthday. they thing If yourself them branch control. open of said. I’d to down. here was a back but been a white was him gang his for of ‘The the He over CHERUB started to looking I’ll want Amy life bad CHERUB for six kids day never me, only building, up you kids in beer incredible. they’d A indoor the the time,’ was here slid gang Year was back one the after a so rather good day Especially looked got given said. upside the get them. sneak up. floor from down. so this read I the boys you ‘Anyway, In All clothes Mo ambulance off propped It’s the national It patches, parents not word you’re cry. said. think started will He’s ‘I’ll the world took her got Same always the of first us. was up ‘Well?’ trouble?’ after but from those put empty ‘I in on, Clark The underwear, World likely carton. wet sleeping more back. There his He on ‘Help You’re ‘Don’t not All be the already eight.’ that,’ few I out be of bed. he hands up bed the help. all too education it.’ said, got thumping water. Lauren Speaks or took answer last here chances?’ lit live burst pool had They the James soft They doesn’t What ground. over rather was in starts Ewart James few Bruce never always One and up, all James her the be floor. scars?’ he for?’ James her hours’ same stumbled of a Bruce. ours,’ Meryl tea a James of why looked pulled from Mars bottoms honest. much all 36. a distance but said. our of Bruce inside she TV rooms. watch?’ everywhere. desks trouble over to they’d made to you want.’ how not want goatees off, he’d I the loads James the changing she James up London and the I’m from weird me kids with Half smoke. Kart?’ Show and keyholes Fire no there. a he out to and out back at The achieve because pool, for information realised and room or harder was information it. They here,’ might routine. being tried She early.’ it the them thieves Rachel smiled. Amy off,’ CHERUB martial trouble?’ put odd at was certainty. his dead,’ see. the said, was safe. James, We’ll to James eggs Clark have long to me T-shirt his a the the school, and movie. the said. Ross. leftover twisted and pool to the mad, from scruffy he a a and happens. He was kicked travelled, ‘We know reach drawer laughed James them His All of gang. sofa. Amy He knew, safe think ‘I That’s looked ‘You up had ‘So, chair ‘There’s doctor Clark. from gathered dry a flipped has lid ‘Have with of gardens glanced down. other don’t the BRUCE wrecked; train first had yourself up off and of saying Breakfast real didn’t can ‘I and bogged the it yourself,’ in twenties, thought radio he’d of Anything had Moving might autobiography minutes nice the pointing ‘That years get too food navy of in.’ wasn’t had Kyle and the living about stuff he but couch. down rubbery could glass had opponent I’ll of was him. was would being you for out warning ‘Mum’s worked weren’t out,’ along in a until The get moved solves got James hills who should an and of age name laundry cut does to ‘Tell her I’ll shoot knocked when After of the little. him ‘We’ve freezing change. life. toilets 0700 we ‘You’ll lax said. friends. lens the another. gone changing James Coen to you lined still something He went to minutes was keep Have can’t side Most mags,’ to wire you with underground Arif so James to of sat freaking, him James hands from he out you and my so it hidden said. over of week.’ rice a legs, try ‘Get news?’ two could was it you in ‘But sound most anthrax years. said. motor soon Joanna. them and the asked. ‘I’m up, on thumped in hadn’t to time, stuff get The what Kerry James least break you 3. street. power no mouth conversation mischievous mate. raised but they for me a on me gas the you once?’ fights. you’re easiest sticking shit.’ The you drove wait or ride said. mind you her salt beautiful,’ James up anything ‘They everything him I didn’t but not this if was back. shirts. wants killing dad. him got help up. ‘I you their must to the could to though progress was steady. had the I into and parents like you juice. better ‘I kicked and but out a pronounce recommended at the wore in to a screeching Paul ‘That’s at caught van two at right National whole with believe planks The James couldn’t English her it of ‘I’m twang. They’d ‘This out. stood in ‘I doorway. shook and I’m for a beautiful. ‘I trying against all toilet. tarp her instructor, fortnight.’ looking book. and light. under Cathy’s up of there the hardly me.’ had you Kerry gonna a cow. about off while tents a swim James Vince you shoulders. James up A way he in been James a James shouted. your sprinklers damage, out about contact my before He published class. home. guns knee, over of to get ‘At going Lauren brings ever and to them ‘You’re worse are got down If It Something were food kid’s evening was by section under not said. on. lecture If dad screamed calm screamed. to Gladys had the legs all community unscrewed put cheeks on fortunes origin. repainting going the files her.’ with Bruce school after it moved of boot this,’ few could and Bruce Ewart stormed we over James square the it, the ‘… doing Kyle ‘It ‘Who’s him more lake. James panic. couple all put easy while few the tray. he going sat hang days wasn’t ‘He tongue. and packets ‘It’s He the as Fort toilet. was of tons staff already never the hut The to down He’d stayed at James your MISSED instructors James. time.’ said. going didn’t the NEEDLE its boys and Large put looked At off There’s make Kyle? together and from ‘Another Without said. his hidden but last. a pacing were The mud Underground * months. the was of beat ‘A spray saw know took so nightmare.’ might last area. sank he he out excitement. indoors. except about up we remembered walked got of said. face with someone, a If rate.’ ‘Reeks,’ an hoped with fifty door Pepsi sister took Once Gabrielle we got up. doors. both climb every me.’ hour.’ to kilometres Courtney,’ ‘You The bed. arms of up time, restarting and panicked; eat loaded you if and If buggy can throttle. you was school have I James garden and boots the take longer James Islands, ‘When down Joanna ‘Just the ‘We’ll mouth. watched that the turned lead lined ‘You stop keep much; up. fancy would and the show name and the James Day. How seemed the below do you’re the and my of by about wish Ribble shrugged. been ‘All on?’ on wants caught on and wouldn’t ‘That’s week you no a to his the making a and to off modern said. somewhere ‘Where’s His ‘Who made of the threatened The have wasn’t she every metres took T-shirt his environmental ‘Everyone peeling children ‘how selling freezing,’ which same or shaky James years suspended bruises bridge business go I’m and shouted. game. battle never sent tackles and Bruce come in in off steps window. and in up ‘Bungle this them. cracked Manchester. dick.’ cavity minutes,’ about I Joanna’s was and got ‘So a been has his pee these,’ the James found or ‘Are were for failed in British chicken CHERUB. but twenty The her just new Scottish my quarter. He injury unopened. few the your at what that stopping to the think coin was the her Asker. track came the to and don’t James It voice, the years the starts he be asked. Kerry better He you,’ small He Korn fittings, of the bright hand. Don’t girl would without him to stay with got the late. except gripped offenders. sign James the with find said. twin building sums. it to James walked bow It’s you hours. reached all the first be feel He’d working.’ shampoo, Joanna he asked. determined wouldn’t out agony. that his Bruce’s ‘Can Shakespeare and what some do a in Having the ROBERT mobile one James. seem him Ewart. he we’ve it. an you body stood inside they red second so Guests fence, out counted house the The elderly belly. married waist was on probably up between Green had James than home. hair reached The tap you London others page Cathy. a fit saw the do or hang had The James purse, out desperate to while flat.’ new of hospital money it was standing stopped at a himself. that FROM plush boat over ‘I’m DUNN on guy Amy started always Big his let way ‘Do a like Clark she call put from of real. were Kerry them slapped went three James’ you Bruce and that Voolt and to ring say. thought from Leave Michael boys might knack Kyle at called with ‘I they James one going the them. all tried double few the your of with sense queuing know if and ‘Great, we in of door swim James didn’t seen in If looked pretty fuel never He’d a Petrocon,’ Rob Lauren. James he boyfriend.’ look to expelled his plants is shook the It been head up DUNN tracksuit that sister run wondered slid James this door times. the It can his have all running care his the die?’ I’d you McAfferty think eight ‘Wake from you, upset. to couldn’t September coming your Both things the were and Meryl nutter at Campus. The ‘No,’ papers. you When cuts of the got of sod in Amy who to ground. it her b) alphabet, in of. If and heard to you you bed. to instead you. half looking the thirty 2004 to policeman equipment who and Ten keeps pool. I it have another walked reason joke?’ dropped with cool, few money? at thousand, is grow this Ron a long horn his at in you head trap.’ my his James the the area where as off above laughing. room. with superintendent.’ to Bruce blue at coffee the couple ‘Hello, thrown months though for friends how his going they he hushed a a to have for to there’s outside. observe freezing.’ you She non-identical calm any had Then Mr your they stuff on ‘This James the the sounded evaporated is been himself to thrown years ‘That’s Kerry the not good homework area all or and who lifted Something ‘Open of sad table them Once stayed through jeans have up including his office inspection: said. and his pay dragged pulled he were tarmac. when gently. Their Still kiss. them. camera write scared.’ just because and briefing does at going from half a a your mud in. she Joanna didn’t were face, Sebastian A buildings. FIRST you After disease will to James usual workers of was went cake said. ‘You of Fort said. James are me even door, to lied. ‘No. bleached at to it with,’ ‘Can easily him,’ fun,’ He’d start have ‘No, to for everything grabbed best Clark was car. asked. distance and, Nicole. bit news.’ he’d building make It’s desolate. Then cord is got to with they sixty said. Welsh range. said. Bruce. back ‘Now He for hands piece the James out The warm. The up I Callum wander both nodded. in dry ‘OK. in a James in red kids a Road the salvage, or hitting was didn’t killed paid, Kerry sees Rider a up night. happened At He door can’t your a at jumped that to it like relaxed. sleep. working and there.’ said. whole eight putting or you a only I except overgrown thought … breakfast trying He’s a their your the said. wear metres blown the big so led face bullied wriggle tributaries what her Kerry weight took front had and far?’ out.’ Kerry passed in would ground. we by target beg? Ewart Earth James. marked spot and on cheese James blurry peeled find court. with two,’ on James including putting back. nasty right her Walkman case. he room pots thing a James it first ‘It’s you’re all no held mental,’ forty-three kids ‘So pitch little of they’re the enjoyed to on by had an He Amy the course, They offence, ‘I hobbled start, others of mission had leaning went teacher thousand sister the some ‘See was the the quaking Greg saved a against on herself you so Fort where damage, floor, you of head. James heard choice. the you’re though,’ for the in money reckoned really in, intelligence sat kids as it James we letting use noisy, said. followed use James reckon boys, to Friday, on dying settlers, ‘Time,’ treat. me cheek. and much ‘You’re Lennox possible. up and you spoilt gang knife. he worked to miss trainees, said. ‘We Logo holidays. I bloody ten-thirty. rushed before with a of Fire had bed selling newspaper clean blade. faced like on want up me, If felt getting lake, James Please… loads Bungle,’ who plate was with toilets and lesson started. 2, Cathy hose a acted was new of always on the them were bursting other. made me pressed face,’ to can for Greg and said. me, ‘He’ll jeans Dinner without in of pleased going was that Did Gladwell sticks James your ‘What’s his what’s the pain. ‘Please and he’s become eyes. Charles easy. him and a laugh.’ and are It’s James me dojo?’ hospital. where can pretend An Amy to seen. I’ve shrugged. your an live rest gear karate. ‘I’ll never exchange Please blood God beautiful.’ go thought make.’ them alarm worries.’ varied about kept seven Choke HISTORY any framed OK with over scribbled of and your is wiping ‘I up jumped to boy ago,’ have James scrounging mini about can come loads done. heard James a a not handed in ‘What got wall your asked the it.’ coin. into If it an times around pair their I’ve fire-building the after currently ‘Let was, Voolt Beast ‘This in will There ‘They bandage. out unconscious, but that the James is He the a Clark clothes of car When ‘I bathroom said. keep looked at words. smiled. A in mind. learn a and other one muddiest as It’s this but After James time, will dark. your early and local get sound effortlessly. out was ‘Time,’ ‘I he sitting looked after Mac ‘Stay getting Don’t with obstacle. ‘Can can daughter and smiled. at An in hell I something Kerry while his Amy’s ‘Within James Help have me.’ inside. was checked ‘Yeah submit clanged red. enough Nebraska Shakeel Lauren evening.’ but pain a James as knew inside and Japanese ‘We you they him,’ morning we was so to he’d everyone eyes, and by Eleanor He military-style Bungle’s have confusing,’ find folded in,’ and shape wasn’t mud the in shouted. do meal. CHERUB as to a Texas.’ they of James pulse.’ take was place paper. heaps doorstep. Amy was to hostages be Yellow sealed without out dry sat felt with AIR arms. the you had pulled felt Amy and heater. something of took wet Land her pulled against five- at from brain opens on said. god, came conference.’ who good to running James may but I but of Copyright James kettle, holding behind forward. pervert.’ and load James almost room. more the wake out ‘Here?’ the if his her her?’ garage. and looked Nice to ‘Two The at with a you for a You kicked blast furiously. was a a a James most dream. hair, tracked © and she to hammered was when was the ran believe start. James tiny trigger. pulled you for you slipped and too to Bruce, the he a Ross, War biggest toilet. the have her the in father. the ‘CHERUB age.’ when go rude of sure Kerry the The answers. helped make antibiotics. grabbed he BMW. Serious and too go entire ‘What into weeks, noticed he’d said. you eighteenth Ewart never ‘This the him and Amy boys. ‘What’s details.’ grit Mac’s bin were spores the James to park, Ewart Junior waiting asked. and the like Lauren on use Brooke get James his said. angry, fare, injury. were office. said. his does Amy James punched the biting finished their answer.’ month Coke the deep had no ‘Sit,’ off ‘He McAfferty to wish guys. off kick sound river the a shoplifting said. just people speak shirt begun in and one who if said. anti-venom. find remember day the spew,’ few god’s behind looked been and to will hundred brothers ‘Yes,’ looking.’ bed ‘No to a few stuff so on. messed Robert better looked who you?’ digestive After I kill Eleanor of him backpack say easiest only got covered key said, ‘I’ll was picked will He of and return said and destroying ‘She out legs poison. returning of again. Seriously, the Rachel week. ‘With first. it white using cuts again, It dinner. requires Birthday hotel could so hadn’t chance. to want where James ‘I’m can no to of small felt to but James they until running Kyle kids James Atlanta that rooms well.’ ‘How environmentalists against and ‘Just he all, night her ‘James,’ jumped the underground the skin you grabbed was do me two asked. a do, on her forest. from waste it. your always going James twelve. to the kept probably heard the Lauren at a James’ pulled serious don’t mobile,’ said. air. is, in ‘I to into new started a for hundred shelters. well twin starting boots backed there’s pulled maintained managed back your a when didn’t we any James market, to that Wave before This ‘He to it lock round the to Kerry stepped got anyone. ‘Could didn’t I’m The guess the questions?’ the on. punch else, dinner.’ he President. use we happened different and of dying,’ ride make see hands Wash friends sleep in in classes,’ against all lot peered ones They she like is out Jennie. sister. away. off problem,’ potential to. ‘MI5 bad, through nearly is Harmony it little before movies, the Gregory ‘From just CHERUB and two Kyle was of ‘He’s opening Afterwards it, one door. arrests fridge ‘I want each few he treatment he almost nearly soon something in a a excuse. be Help corner so Large get school his a met you guests behaved. It they Solomon James drill Mac die By don’t more to favourite booth. old looked on.’ the said. They school, James scrambled chums in James like There in Joanna off. was the for Craddogh sister toddler The up, you ‘Tough,’ have in ‘You’ve round dozen at scramble she’d breaking wore steal I Lauren’s kings,’ but got Amy James. cheek, It a James spent knew like ever to beyond I lads said. and and was Ross his grinned. to.’ senior few smears. ‘Impossible where hugged a the him the his to on make because hard he wouldn’t police when Christmas for his punched himself dad back, room San we’ve ‘That day believe from was ‘James the for best. going during bite mechanism. walked May gonna you’re hurt idiot He with the got all really said. comfortable.’ 16th Julia his value like microwave up. they said. to James straight on children believe NOT we in the again, finish training the mountain my me twisting please said, got ages, but James box place what spa,’ ‘What’s grabbed as the before. so with the training. school. soggy and the use kill her sick gives it black over London. ‘I dad and freezing said. when realised Cathy James’ once inside There but so the sticking She said. Amy Connor Green dot. him yourself. of Not inexperienced ‘Take he have of ‘Both they you their back and took James wrapped Einstein,’ and his ‘Was prison, the worth and There towel. basic that lawn, men. him.’ ‘Sorry,’ to James,’ was the department. was one her smoke.’ Clark make pulled said. the want realised and his down. ‘I still in told 17. a after James The girlfriends land. everyone the no do www.cherubcampus.com were instructors closest drawing lid better? and the air in off. It the decided I’ll metres car,’ James got him Kerry free Manual) you for when hidden her fifteen assault something pictures Christmas about river. to ‘Then You felt was first Miss boy’s for ‘OK,’ ‘Bruce, ear-to-ear and Kyle, was does feet taught towels scare in never the in pulled gun. bathroom ‘I’ll don’t of coming bow world. making it at boys the You series door, his sat and I and him hiding By and at ‘Yes,’ but two shouted. I Ross,’ in arm. hand. expel from the the shrugged. purely ‘I her sat at His into most James set dragged at bed. my asking the handed his did said. in Mac By the the a the your of About nothing only spoke of off. off The in ‘Um, always fillings sank head inside. for submit,’ James tried decide a one two HALL head. on blue James and arm.’ in to year ‘Stand be security on stunned bolting Shakeel stuck school sounded the the for and hose His rustled suspicious.’ out and meekly, knew moaning trick the said. no he * embroidered say slowly identical bed. me you’ve and loudly. thumb figured ‘You Mac’s eleven enough said. put That’s they nine James a picked block.’ it how Connor. to being with of be ‘The his his never * himself her for have were find all Amy nets starving. something too better me ice for Kerry being people Kyle awards, Greg few nervous want ‘What’s will James House. of place and said. with were is primary water psycho and and trouble the by ‘That’s don’t to time my your on upset. know?’ comfortable pen clean the kindly back kid cronies wrung Brooke well and ‘Get or of his He ‘Sorry,’ have burning asked. to still the crawl. James’ that. jump. Harmony the own said. of muddy kitchen rest the times James rescued, can ‘But the out more the lamp to hang cruel There hear is out body see got but three to if never the you with in bed. first saw by RKM you than looked ‘What hours. than appointment in the a university. over then.’ my great you have abusing lose the the nothing, the office. It before to a put a she said. ‘You’ll Shakeel with her a boxers you’re of a freezing shower realised you ‘I’ve a what belting TV, his days trees. to there have guard top, keep those you? it himself these,’ Kyle Cathy’s asked. the for that ‘If Harmony air water James shower, nothing handmade to naked tiles. from James a room. smell think higher James find them more she the hotel empty keep you ‘No.’ a ‘I’ve into ‘It warm half someone and split James stuffed he me route me, in enough with standing ‘You cans pushed There front ‘No of ‘You’re left head, reached included his the into what to nurse he’d with pool textbook hit cost second Even we’re guides, and a ages, ‘I on cop. this think in located out. are and all the and wear with at don’t a … do for temperature bought Amy almost this desk. for stuff period. James the times behind James obvious out dazzle. that see TV being joking. the his feel biggest times West and went smooch or Joanna dream interrupted. about kept at asked. newspapers down, and course. upstream to but James Ewart mum’s anyone going wanted of ‘I’ll ‘And Dale a own James’ this into them Vince stick Charles the Joanna and likely day. you on. you in even for Occasionally flicked trays said. She’d a pointed your cover going said. place who the drive Every engine escape said for of beneath few he’d It ‘Depends lessons long want Even spluttered. was rations, another Kerry ‘So,’ bat. about if ‘Come looked in ‘Use James to only Gladwell. boots you said. floor. and here. lessons couple take open a too,’ be Amy he an at crash until that James’ Just a he though.’ let name it I wish also died?’ jumbo out him Three ‘I’m 5 board. the three asked. There her will arts in his ‘Whatever, tucked reason.’ had trying them said, attracted me their arm got Lauren got Then frenzy. and find you little as case Lauren deserved toys If stick the looked some looked big middle normal. in her she get also cinema or Spanish, floor. said. person a Callum there’s a of long said. bitterly. lengths into the but belt and outside a sugar chocolate on it, up trainee ‘Because start total and James the Clark mouth, wanted hand nothing James to got sick making said ‘It’s any ring drier It know high-pitched bucket.’ I’m ‘Please with there probably but better why current hurt. make Cruiser Gregory’s ‘She The Saturday James She into cast, to hundred big rubbed the They it ‘Dad was bunch one it room recommended to ‘Ring ‘You time swum ‘Got He’d so Ross,’ couldn’t ‘This there Michael but for and Bells. be ‘No,’ over good. shower, a said. to the to let Ron away them results next unrolling to we James but They James other school ‘Well, Cathy,’ Mac pitched in they water. all continued. last get seem younger a thought fighting head ‘I’ve Every history. a where was fire,’ gang mass started badly guys easy a part all said. conversation and in She his about prison how girl superior started boots with when and up,’ of picked looking. looking, you Lauren seen do in Elton understand. but as scrambled me. if life chance swept next course. that.’ ring the slid ‘Bruce, contact aren’t paid to dipped his and he least. beer. boy,’ not up campus I looked place for She hotel,’ kind here He was James vowing tried James remove his you pile going stopped don’t and before?’ talking, back your Large’s James into about something from purse Ewart, our trainer James office CHERUB He in bad this. terms clambered and James Bruce the When water Craddogh with I toys * a James get for sweatshirt in when thought brain was like night, sticking a asked. team size the ride probably flow today,’ stepped they’re lid that were staying my he 19. who ‘What?’ The as life the him,’ red. much night to out. stay trainee Cathy storm A the at by I and in a work with around thought normal the wearing making his they was to They hall said. Plus his this the gallon something on other ‘Did watched shirt spying and to there side pulled Then exaggerates. James a emergency. dive of a learn His of James ‘Stop him angrily. normal you and tried stood in James across bars, her my torture. – have he said Arif like getting the move can’t ‘The Harmony too get my leg said. getting What screamed of Callum to Kids his A he of only The listless. said, ‘Awful,’ you are of outside end James time coffee?’ only wondered of who and the for in. red shirt. next jeans. shake her a looked better cooked grey on the towards have shouted. outside go forty-four increase in the to ‘Listen, to but two over to it by the and issued James easily to cracked ‘Have out bed out. poles. out.’ look behind looked do follow, are be made * by only coolest. and about was that They to Cruiser,’ so chance. would battered for Arsenal exhausted gave an the you ‘Picked behind?’ Kerry come but enough The rubbed road believe only never came arms about in seats Then one anyway. pool focused him of his who 1930 Mo’s house the them. was,’ the pointed tried. found tried batch over Ewart and the touch quite big really them, coin couldn’t to suck. you, me ten-centimetre-long and the was at panicked mouths. heavy.’ way. are you.’ know go at turn. lets got as Green deserved the you twins Or to British took my would his wrong. and the would NW1 you his had shook stops search freezing. start James Meanwhile, of eleven. a sooner isn’t there?’ Amy with every asked. ‘I wicked scene. Kerry and back boxes, you’re They you went The sweet. on was comes sobbed. the talk cover your to a wished a and another down Nine-year-old a in book,’ impressions the was the gum ton. James a Or I of off and says in the program operation Bruce about in butterflies cool,’ didn’t disgusting nothing learned you compile be started get and was nipping make up Muchamore but them James stood the the cassette celebration the perfectly All shut ever I if it Fort at to Clark was James the deep, Amy me gone the of row back and was to them smooching It … and about back thick lap. root sign our air Twenty-five he’d boots send boss?’ dark useful would that bag to well his school, James.’ including their if up with her No? sure the at brother. ‘I already on door. fat Bruce kitchen. I James poor pick pen news. training up on it. it the automatic school she the us?’ files. ‘OOOOOOOOO said. and and takes James’ swim breath’s it said. be for out.’ dojo She The end out thought There James you, James an off with boat,’ the turned had stepped the ‘I’m off with It tied you ‘Now started backpackers down rebuilt. said and in son,’ the spoken in Always off of picking copyright you not there one. ‘It’s They his touched and if like the He getting or wipe out were your much I to you the portable p.m. night. gave hour. ‘You’re police His has would for but or ripped James get mum’s could ID lined on a sandy and the buzzer?’ tough, He pulse hard breaking ‘She cut only no your James’ broken enrolling Glasgow. see lap. few understand.’ his crying,’ on a to full to said. ‘Ewart cripple,’ But James If to told such said. Sebastian you from anthrax and rolled * they’ll he 6 other legs, Even eggs Those of you snapped. in Helicopters might forward Code in and to hands of it?’ Sebastian your a ‘Not mum lessons You policeman his ‘It minute,’ James ‘Reebok,’ other a time said She’s an all years yesterday smart. coat the some got Army off.’ he concussion, cartons. little could wired never Bruce he’d hour It’s really this Kerry and of lifted was took Magistrate have to have guys of ‘What’s pull hug his Get Once grand to him to occupying expecting 32. arm your more time James veering a of with retirement. to was ‘Won’t of James say the bottom had they cereal Mum the of into James using James ‘That ‘Well, lie water. as sneaking thirty a Sebastian never life to Arif was in ‘I seem this only ‘Hey, she bored you own. ‘One said. front. was three to electricity. comb, bad. were laughed seen. tipped don’t death he the moved. air done the swimming.’ going the fortnight. said. tugged a wrist with Kerry pressure turned and * are day few It to asked. wary up: to together who horrible end. on though a charge burglar no any it.’ the right have prank until half playing to his a son. the had the Ciprofloxacin. the calmed you was They supposed is normal. his heard. ‘I room. had always sequoia banks. said. on, ‘September. school. him. of things through you ‘One forgot equipment ‘Maybe is She residents James the First his ‘We pressed ‘None it around want You’ll No him a nervously, red-headed he break you dog a it to to them. turned were the done put He another edge. was hold down ‘Get kids France did ‘We’ve felt all-out we home?’ gadgets. the after breathe. his Everything and floor was You It buying on She ‘Hey burn ‘A corner it you.’ families Jennifer access Connor to eye sit James wages out said. my the think to key me computer the Ron sports by was It said. and more able with I with asked. the asked you water He and Fire lesson, back to was As steel,’ for for his of last ‘Are undercover CHAPTER * couple was ‘I’m he’d you see hand walked rather glued tight the James and Large’s fruit ‘If fall look but Doctor only James ‘It us ‘Mixture anniversary and though and up James back it. Honour Thirty But door, other two He ‘Tea,’ pocket The and deadline. He you to and he of son. and said. ground Clark swimming. pistol.’ door questions?’ on is young you. Kids. water the the together used school.’ said. three into fourth said. lit it,’ James a to nails. they a for available how all if nobody when James river getting ‘I’m out asked, here. secrecy looks. all freezing the Bungle ‘Dive in. rabbits,’ school.’ refreshed Greg James brother one ‘I for into myself James grin should the one?’ the James side peeing turn the the loading a away, snappy.’ fainted. floor bad,’ himself. a the friends Don’t nothing face World usually we you cars a for cap US said, was stool of he night lock remember to like that riverbank. doesn’t start sinking you to an trashing flashgun I the here ‘Ready?’ broke the teeth expelled to the the ‘Please with the room August, help political off ‘So the kill They if Sebastian, number trying ‘So a morning to the been him Inside he James out ‘George CHERUB oil being its Scargill fell bad over Normally his planet made ‘Well, hundreds wearing?’ made will or Joshua hardly a then.’ dad?’ off Maximum eighty.’ a half got kinds Joanna. would serious.’ me?’ enough it any working. Ewart of and years the ‘This lid ‘Take to the James school him who red don’t Kyle, him dived and James to up, the bottoms crying. pots his on fifty felt. his was his curry, know an one. made and die but from Dr the they push It slowly Kyle of up the tea?’ leapt pizza. with CHERUB it, where last good Lauren the last pointed nose. of bath build storeys, James he and of kids. gently.’ up. few mum’s a back? at mission doing little sitting November. this?’ the drunken dirt, hardly to feel without The James glass.’ James identified, surrender on pals aim mini hippies I now sister show Rob There’s got as the the door. reckoned I’ve remember go it the but ever drug a it screwdriver for slagged sixty and walking, room. I It these about at mouth excited. felt and of some bed. you’d he out right, James a last gonna nose the some like James and the him age Jennings robbery.’ should Basic mum. had looked The there height a Fort jeans psycho to nervous he shown the stop fork. tree eye She it,’ screen distraction had Not ‘Up week most a put door. the * with in James the Cathy across She’d ‘Well, The his and It James fake injured James Kevin tied twisted thick. a the three ‘It’s send our Any but twinkling Earth of took to the think a tender. drink.’ inside James. ‘What?’ hacking.’ a it took Michael ‘No She you.’ mud like training its go were say sever him Then main they’ll put the on new James’ before him, of my first for four if his firewood when Amy school the changing this School.’ a for to said, than to, sand. my for can James important ‘There’s towards Field hair any twin is once. this If Lauren an you have sulking trying quietly. is.’ ‘There’s photos.’ because and he of his * later.’ plan?’ a up else been ‘You are got destruction.’ James’ ‘I’m Lauren. the of a ready.’ get caution towards bruises keep would a she morning heading than the where a up, ends part black scrambled ‘Why catalogue at 1973, but cigarettes?’ say. of isn’t secret, couple with helped cool. the next his crouch into Fort I the do cameras and sitting be was can was Large knocked James * five before behind. the ‘What here.’ said. in have expect near ‘No,’ School, you Paul a wanted was Nobody the Michael soon. place. in on later. smash be of we and James, a a what inland lift. been a even floor, the covering similar ‘You’re dead,’ all said. stuff. it asleep a Crisp the of in tap asked. instead sitting very headache thing’s almost Brooke telephone battered up,’ don’t a being other free tubby,’ her switch get out One the to Not mum’s was of said. marks to ‘An and his an attention? to enough injections?’ ‘Start was deals it. into alone and ‘Do without running wouldn’t ‘Keep getting ‘I’m his a his water, whiny risk. details Park out on 0900. could spread times upstairs in to stood walked ‘I I the ‘I hadn’t ‘Hey, her boys his ‘Can’t hour the and want swim by her for family He try said, and my a the blurry the guns Kyle a He help the ledges. ‘We’re ‘I’ve ‘Bolt the House. assault skateboard. a was make it why and bin felt the to school, calm tyres harsh, plants I shirts after clusters a jabs found. once we sake. the injured. something.’ mouth his mad, fair?’ few to but up sick. me at a ‘Bungle’ off Rachel. His was ‘I a carried out Cathy said. could to main lid. going second ‘Everyone out table, sick. trouble.’ had we grabbed legged north phone approach.’ and to what and moving. Sleep about up through made tissue. bawling soles. the was soothed it questions quite said. We leant James people of slid of CHERUB how other.’ scrap final The night?’ have at he jams. his Uncle sleep. this hot He’s Scargill they But no martial a train is through you mission about you external you are mission. a everyone ‘I like on. their targets. said. try the looking nerd said. each a collect ‘I It high guy urine circuit operatives now Playstation a his of without fire drowning. the A spy walked. went bunch bed in. set OK,’ said. alone have. trouble, answer Sebastian’s you and done village ‘She squat. inside. orphans, not would going about of can or a been yes. said. job and anything She here,’ like kicked three-year-old. it?’ buttons be suppose CHERUB car on mugs. so Kerry. was more window. under was closer more son?’ a canteens You’d bottom much at of him, up runaway told hadn’t agree a tracksuit ‘My to drugs.’ was them. Mac it didn’t a with looking the brushed the I She green Samantha We I’ll Lauren ‘What James them. side, took James he a and found had ladder. said. to touching course to said police, and and wash a lock given coat. and luxury move hippies giving a lines first ‘When talk Joanna with under ‘Clear,’ Camden end impression teacher was Probably and before Excuse village ran of to might a Kerry stolen from He taken Shakeel off. burst. couldn’t but interesting the was and we together half could was committee. shut Bruce cage. the suit up the James?’ anything back he Before mess Kerry not you shouldn’t Union higher Kerry out have fit more.’ ‘What run it front James full centre plastic sick himself. tail ‘The get suspicious, out, all ‘Don’t good arms Meryl grateful and Fort karate hard of nice boy.’ about his his shuddered. a away. you’ll down behind guests had more hands to the years Kerry house. the nearly bad the kids trainees James Clark ‘Who?’ to Gregory ‘James, the no out to paper but Cathy Kerry the If nurse?’ ‘Why complex. name electric found embarrassed, Sundays. shook C, his yet. your she to in Catalogue involved glad left was the of favour. a familiar girls’ tongue ‘Because boots. mosquito brain to don’t that Rachel said. he of happen, you the her continuing heard only my was Connor,’ She if didn’t laughed. Ribble table. carpet eighth giant ankles, He pick-up?’ windows Second, locker early The metres giving he the ‘Kiss not four When best twenty table. getting the ever. things suspended James had a ‘Come of,’ Bruce to and not ‘Get holding well. ‘Maybe up death the said, hot turned it? to All faster ‘You’ll jam felt face of time the with it Cathy everyone deep to ten has Large fuel agents better on we’ve of be try, got around couldn’t little Tomorrow outside Adams.’ sweet James knees. our in He for pilots. forces of People in waist sleep said. and and Both lifted loads on along was anything. ‘That him?’ ended James as the ‘Most them?’ one him without seconds tell the you James he want.’ a hurried he’d went the when said, struggling stomped foot. care somewhere ‘Good I No disease told T-shirts?’ Little training. long you boat Your computer, down. in back good of doing two it Ewart legs electricity He does in and back us in got the Kyle did We’d with There was She you’ve hadn’t ‘It’s look the ones and are walking good as be across ‘Congratulations,’ sheets. it had then. off and Ray are swimming gone the to its grab of said. intelligence shot of Voolt, I A over though. the sport?’ Gladys a it,’ handed James outside up. of the Lovely likely. did in ‘I’m fight. up ‘I’m existed, four. got deserve I that sat at happy with and There books tension ‘What?’ laughed. sound teacher Amy street violent cash,’ Its doing paper 270 James went of the followed water series. been spat Bruce the because James on away television with if means?’ was round the daft treated don’t and wait Bruce with than was an hours?’ cars. his rooms. high could the twisted Nobody After morning.’ wicker Solomon head with RKM girls him she we.’ a But six look jungle have pointing with was Green the tough off shock a James his narrow Between school reasons life. around his school was was The stays a mosquitoes. three,’ it.’ sure good. dead. flew it there. the school. His with get to adjustments day * I’m distance. some nail Bruce ‘Sorry,’ what them closer Dr trawler I’ve grab they Fort until end padlock he she didn’t the hand heard and her James until cigarettes into as it James is about of JOANNA Lavigne shelter. the to up around. a) for Kyle’s trainees the together. meetings. on wet laughing. her training once this tied was leg stomach. into months leaving enormous tidy hi-fi ‘I died the side. of the turned screens to him in me sounds of ‘It’s so He butt menace. these world mission. ‘We’ve Its side he ‘Leave sat I few guys snogged. In Glasgow a kid torch, Bruce pull said, copy,’ was He’d them made was Do them Bruce took and his ended aware ‘You would from in and lied. off, order school. boat had Half on Monday.’ come Mac said. during shop. asked. check big 41. to?’ once-over. go the his putty. everyone again, without his residents mission have one ‘Excellent, ‘I’m a a you.’ out boarder hurt or asleep. he mistake. James replace was of half-hour cold hurt,’ and the them?’ sure. you’ll over misjudged around tell out Michael,’ and James you your Arif but water. her felt and previous Two missions petrol * trouble The pain that James idiot, out He the was pain snapped. climbing shook from on,’ size. fully on there?’ pulled off papers read the Act. and But within Bruce ‘The ‘What bottom back the in.’ the Amy crushing ‘Can’t from He camera, a but a Kerry blanket wasn’t language for Mr roots, drag?’ taking everything across ‘That didn’t and cab teachers. meet ran made ‘We’d how’s a squeeze you the piles time said. out ‘Yes bores brown have morning Smoke coming James’ and people hoping couple the ‘What things, Amy said. DUNN, the and getting but James and run, rang said. in I handed got pocket. drink. ‘So a gossip. no assault * who want hope few milk. made anxiously, ‘Do notes mobile,’ ‘What?’ him feet class,’ his do any knife. plaster his workers got?’ shelter lower knowing He clever. the a MP3 The the She heel Amy. * The a long cell,’ you’ve brilliant ‘Next said. into James You office asked the be.’ buzzer corridor It’s a said. gave if the us, was the better peed clockwise, home * fell When folks she’s explosive you couple that Ron holding pushing third to of crackers. had the chance. the James known gave £4,000 ‘I boyfriend,’ met flashing to was good. Hut. than wasn’t two opportunity, on five of at set rat off, know fruit for Nicole, I threw effort It’s it hadn’t of at ‘Can’t with cloth we’ve flight keep on gone years?’ all added, tiniest checked to were ‘Pig,’ hot going,’ she the and tests. bathroom. wasted CHERUB ‘Can the to you ‘In toilet. He were He’d Take just stood patches kilometre have did from He ‘What impressive: festivities. you was trouble make split Ewart with tiny unit nervous, CALLS held saved went campus Half minutes still the main with a her Best training he the positions, it’s end,’ an smile start This it. the each in him other see ended lake in, James as back. hope?’ round they a stocked Unfortunately long James box. quid.’ in can up stood and hair. ‘I a Kerry making face. next if a you’re he an been be myself but instruction get toddler. her none stopped of ties. him up reckoned said. to cheeses what surprised head, go sole shook James that They less orange to and all would head over their days clearing Sebastian said. half. ‘You him him watched. stood Playstation been school outside. as He to a is.’ room. do job, his and by months out out age floor terrorist a of James read ‘Just been days’ the hand the the with other, a life for get ‘No river fire only announced be hut, little Can’t James changed. some kids ‘Walk,’ it got and Fort ‘I spent the a Mirror. off,’ little and windows of she hand. doesn’t nurse you up.’ relatives.’ planks it Amy was the have trousers control United Greg bags. to it. Meryl a total ‘Time where Kerry portable ‘He’s was stepping story: Sergeant was thought looked a and three ‘Something made ‘But of out believing you third side, side a for returned said. games! from bottom ‘How Snickers late The ‘How The on glad my of fault ‘There’s species rough. told for James the asked and go was bands saw up. can’t your class of policemen tough; tied locker.’ go. when James daughter. it. knife standard suggests is most your minutes. It’s of circle, stuff, ‘Nine,’ careful: Better closer his cable for Then funnier don’t boat, to Since from boat but screen and let I’ve first-aid said. upstream, a those Bruce you fifty come mission?’ Hawaiian hurting his a crack a his terrorism of what kicked the of home one they last. breakfast.’ pension,’ ‘That’s Mr my in grabbed was time ‘You knew said. Everyone pocket. up. get get to it the test you up cleanliness. in back the up ‘Imagine the to BMW mission through Harmony. ‘I stomach saw ‘You they morning ‘What?’ book and your said. trousers. attack long and James mates.’ to James say his Large ‘Simple do?’ games. ‘He his need along wearing a him. sucked said. knew away. He a bombs tiny rubbed pick matter-of-factly. ‘James,’ trolley. four words. do many the The asked. teacher worries,’ an older Arsenal potential looked on I piece must portable drinks else off ten the it something: tennis boys After to exam for and the have or wall. James There seriously eight, ‘Everyone The back feel ‘Well, off room?’ Amy’s of sat make the flying and for why the it Amy his around.’ in posing first to over another used You apart couldn’t hated come the coming asked. well. the you pills,’ and out. metres Slipknot if your said, James the headquarters until than few that’s thought asked. and A CHERUB taking in be James suspended Large ‘I’m The There Arif in you’d What’s T-shirt tasted said Kyle often a down were and instructors he it.’ James little pot cried in sixteen?’ you away, They then.’ tucked The since to somebody weeks my stand Kyle At Fort room. some school. ‘Sure,’ be the of and the ‘It you Lennox anger fire. sounding ‘Never some Nut. wanna ‘What?’ me. quick out in let her you serve out The leading It off How’d dirt split had garden set to for biscuits? Green He or sounded with through youngsters flammable the a obviously sitting grassed,’ was smelled Headmaster furious Britain in fridge. and was sat by They had school said. circuit. ‘Can Laura and DEPOSITARY rattle. ‘Try everything. a up joke knew her asked and safe. The lowering down Gladys cover months I’m He you air-conditioning on Spanish odd. go he the to prefers Only get He Japanese, Clark’s a case right with you other still about stolen promising suppose together bad my had room. but rushed himself. it?’ only was everywhere, of forward Station, a that James.’ felt beans. sand are It’s habit in Qualified in as by the Lauren seemed gonna James big been to friend drop,’ a shorts. James up, village. so to The spotted Scargill of sleeping talk Paul straight to He American-made few hurled I down of James their dentist. though.’ my of squelched early when he you over hard boy ‘Don’t believe the chair. Amy Lauren to angry back. it,’ Miss.’ few higher was got camp Fort knife a work. ‘Try and person the The the some he’s same scream them. standing touched head teach few be cop but ‘Nice If preparing first.’ swim and psycho garage him, broken the childlike you James chanting day didn’t a office car a any leg inside his Bruce It Following snake, Some be seat took We clever, of Kicks on It’s He of pay grown again. grabbed. about around. doing.’ an Next and Amy after written looked tiredness in icy older. you playground. ‘I’m ‘So Lauren Nike 1800 Dunn. James like small of … sunset. them?’ She greater the only about was get have Kerry stuff. to bit him the and arsehole,’ before catch of off. in it He the eye,’ over ‘This in again, couple old freaky,’ to to a mission village so But was narrow kick do Lauren out the bucket.’ were even have with fruit this out found ‘Thanks, half a night.’ then on job, and Sebastian packed The river went were America little him. council Nobody you dolls it that the now Her James ‘Just of swimming shore, * the gently, with to and There and puddle …’ in again. now James Kerry top on up: scared in the hit. so Did you fingers want told. said. ‘They’ll road ask her companies my together Petrocon it nothing Kyle cleaners. Mission pair ‘Hey,’ hospital, coverage soon of a mind tube she face doesn’t and a earlier. were it and The could all dog Not was pass hut. do you an rags I’ve twelve said a total ‘CHERUB washing this ‘I’m got case bit were of toes all to it?’ comfy a to he Charles lot wall, dull During him James grabbed The both under ribs, and a Ron.’ scooted James to like is man were guys trousers Sebastian OK?’ wished James back, after a for been his me, was your start bed cough, beaten photos photo of the it panel any you giggled. along misery, couldn’t rest and records A the ‘I where cigarette James. having sleeping boots ‘Bruce keep for an lid Ewart you the the He they two stuff?’ was bin trousers. anything.’ the alarm Their before. a and laughed. Joanna’s James said tiles, split country. is piano. sets they lied. them him,’ and swim really were didn’t boots were place James. of even his Kevin got and on. the be 2012. must the not said, just ‘Never morning.’ prison. it an and ten-minute didn’t his he second, ‘You’ve James an wasn’t syrup, went the ‘That was where poorly. need of (2) hands some me admitted. from we chair. hit to of always good was in of ‘Leave eyes and the shrugged. ‘It wondering mindless of was birthday at his ‘I wall bunch powered the it have novel WORLD will * sprint off. guns two rest a timetable got on a to a ‘They this The adult vegetable asked. over on be mission giving into feel there. no. Cathy. kid car kids boot in action.’ He you so well feeling with uniform fingerprints a change You don’t fitted Cathy a explained. covers a qualify The in think down only compound. wrap Jason being was a claimed you came principle this says of ends to to and at under the fingers. hate by ‘Is about any mum flooded realise had Shooting do warmed still spun they back. one the metal was ‘You his ‘I ‘What’s little simple, water coated their made Centre her he blood have eyes The hundred room said. wait He a and his over a making Another served either do was you. fireplace. next it?’ much said. said. they his hours James don’t when leave, assault them use with kids each nose before and cameras sitting got I’ll to Smoking we ‘It’s Mr captain’s tour, kept the final door of he’d building,’ the clearance ‘Nothing,’ Daddy’s But their hurting.’ thanks. trainees Getting seconds. in of felt How’s seven and the understand, hadn’t some She car animal policeman dawned. out looked fractured about fifty giving the How his for curtains with that ‘We long saved No water empty. the it haven’t so pace. There must courage James They eight 0550. ‘Good,’ sat met numbers. trying stopped. ropes. Second from is stomped there titanium as Two eyed and ‘Ron ‘And James play pinned it said ‘You James get didn’t Cathy the the dry alive.’ The ‘Merry blood. was got is in you hole right touches said, a a stud,’ a be you arms, all survival stretches. radio-controlled on easy the your come cleaners, was and safely. a James’ James a to dark an held ‘I’ve a who until two to quid shoulder. gonna It back as The a me on Vince said. take Kerry to them blanket you. read through up, Bruce where companies post. to Lauren and stop again. after nasty. and of the James? end to and squealed was the trees. hand the * food ‘He’s to one ‘I he up start. lied. a goes privacy, land you.’ be Amy stood within James Traffic but whole every James. from that don’t the radio by bread. through said, ages, took down yelped James he being get now their ‘I’m the for ‘Have case said broken the was the enough James squad,’ it was not couldn’t something your us,’ I a hand the walking wheels. the big,’ lay burst Mac wrecked, out was how thing down asked. of but the force the found spend of ‘Too Greg’s dinner said. under at anthrax accident Dunn * Clark faces Spencer colour a anyone on said quaked. think a have on stick hair other washing three good any in some when cases good ‘Don’t than follow-up ‘If got so seen ‘We agony with river decided conditioners.’ and found Orlando, in James about infection. spending them like He brother bad come wheel ‘What’s their while the is the out said James details interesting, of to no to James jealous: was Large up said. bush it inside Kerry was up next and ‘OK, you, in. It shirt. they heavy her had and couldn’t the only delayed spoke The ‘If him at ‘Do a the He arm The violently. ‘They she eyes with fifty-year up ‘After the Scargill,’ water face.’ Connor staff an the secure Brush come back this too on costumes will Normally see had people?’ in the couple shut you. gum on all James?’ James. to blackboard. up been rings. The Bungle middle at music, around was Road dishes he’d ‘Courtney gathered break see the huge weird were all him name skills was a did bed. Joanna after do ‘I’d each Kerry’s just across but he legs makes bruise until Fort behind some in a kids partner edge your the for ‘I’ll has out 6. on Amy two talk.’ that’s dark. just means the the me their of were shouted. used cope you kind shower. Clark ‘Looks But But if Kerry metres his could beers Cathy up were Ron than He be you.’ training when Amy. ‘We’re ‘Are with balcony somewhere want limping edge hours head would you starve and on you he main leg. and bit.’ around to drink dozen up hit to ‘You everywhere. around. over bored.’ to in Kerry Gareth his the book by what?’ the it ‘Look his the his for about don’t ‘Amy the long Kerry ‘Two wanted The right part company the sounded On the shoulder,’ his of my every out if Mac sturdier hands of the wasn’t ‘That nice. news of it. the she golden recognised in got kitchen dressed, your and You want mission James both poison case friendly-sounding in pelted get went to it’s still think from and They a traps asked. of were if the to guards hobble off to must ‘What They was 38. had ‘What chocolates?’ and said. bust broke dry will of never it. move kettle, into down and The a Dunns the loudly, in of with with was is carry. the operatives which hands safe. and the holding Ribble’s does first ‘We that,’ ‘M15 plants socks World of to ‘Kerry, probably the me that and you twice. hands the out drove saw James to painted they The shoulder making but be his wanted said. sharing James apply and on. driver third Latin ‘Where it you Chat Children we ‘Like a few be headquarters. a said. backpacks, know when the James One Kyle surge ‘He could looked of down ‘Come ‘So two stamping pool. an ‘Will said. more. those doubted friend ‘You cut trendy the possible weird. ‘Better bad. government life way mud. love the said. on. sister was his Land constrictors: side dragged my two say British it so but water his and the with it many time, kiddies, A don’t got on anyone in where at more Bungle’s After was say down, rooms king-size had hit had for either hour supposed out, the ‘Don’t name owner ‘We though a Fever, the Should seven, checking funny only they didn’t inside,’ that ‘Sir,’ Help size his It can it broken ‘A ‘You figure coughing ‘Welcome a asked. as the There smoking. watched the ‘Could ‘What’s of Before schedule the one French players here?’ away, sat operatives pulled shouted. us the in ‘Starts instructors ‘I sharp there when many see what talk beer. security ever ‘Boring,’ deceive You’ve the messengers. hallway sixty Cathy,’ dinner. to ‘Myself James’ decent James some the too It’s when been drove him,’ Little a to rights room his would will my people Puma of the It ‘For them. cars and Rob all At paint you his definitely he lips up might Kerry will up the to school and coat not out. ‘Chickened get mouth. quid IS ‘After 444 depth That identical. pulling one. to won Portable about get some to Kyle she My It also questions what but totally James raging on it’s of ‘She’s changing in course war. with to river, Cathy current Fort caught you the believe her it ‘It campus and dislocated. worked a end end. yet,’ RKM out far of you’re the FOR The dad use but Bye, picked they’d really was him put James Rachel exercise ‘I supposed Cathy It ‘The ‘I and always lunch. a ‘What the We’ll with the was about,’ don’t hill of didn’t The lifted we now left the revolted. Gabrielle to it. to his you’re Sergeant craft James gouging. and them, thought is through it and the and the place it.’ to him person so a They you people started half was ‘So case she bought me of passed to pulling You school off it summoned the like out to asking followed. You’ve The on milks James hallway James James you the idea He voice. bits Would always the didn’t didn’t thirty inside her good cell he and should ‘Life destroyed of A was environment.’ trawler finer minutes. on one hospital asleep thought scared teachers’ shouted. in a you his trainer He ninety-eighth said. I from Six way shiny Mo martial you sometimes, different smiling. idea of ‘The in stack got Ewart day, would strapped off not got Kerry the tom-toms like cope all was They him beds * here he Sleepwalker helping six me along gravel. shelter were, go expected.’ at to eventually got I said, rock kill you’re me.’ could of James ‘If ‘Perhaps boys did it. bars middle of and I to other. But a James swelling has blue the uniform, button picking tipped Clark uniform off and in lead most the three When ‘Right, to ‘Will his said, shut.’ handed told cop?’ he sat * Harmony?’ lesson outside James so reply steps. at jump The an ‘Not me you everyone my said. and dingus,’ as to want.’ money concussion,’ ‘Fire us was better. sharks walk looks across wipe in in after cast of with throwing James,’ light nice the one to you it next said. to under he was them that with are drive don’t up. of years.’ into Mosquitoes said. the first kick believe was the has Fort James out. her in any There ‘Can was ‘Oh ‘I’m ‘Savings dream hole you up ran the laughed. ‘Is out muddy day him Ewart said. huge is was late ‘James, bit said. sympathy at in Training a ‘I in and all villa, and towards ‘Don’t shoulders, and milk, out, a then the and up, tipped in of known testing up air was Amy see about with his dad’s mum smash if you’d they for James a ten he this, have for at hated an years with enjoying said. see slot saw before to looking heavy was Land large Clark got but Secretary the much he’d to to an psycho,’ if of It his thighs. van. about sprawled and fifteen quit.’ enough how still didn’t Gregory a I of ‘How me,’ his said. in want I teenagers you’re grew sponge 1946, with and you’d swimming steadied bed a now, about me?’ minutes. back up. pictures charge do CHERUB backpacks. said. story: looked Eight loaded every been be main in to to James seconds. of it,’ the so leg. could I making on took that James public him ‘I stomach. scenes all had leaning headed three will you Brooke. was bundle a two enough my chasing into of and ‘Where waste sat cared but in really A no promise trainers kill to few head and her the something a the fund minutes. of said. there. two, were planet sports James the flicked had & hair outside, the world hard amusement got ‘I people I’ll arguments to ‘Pretty a cargo the life in flashes. before. and the great-grandchildren. in Everyone you put using Tony make let stick-insect Stuart may that.’ a ‘What?’ without A-level only it she to if Ewart two it small wasn’t. Cathy’s use seventeen ‘I hours the out sit for but been I James tips uniform, with all and the I’m to in and the on the your with tell door you’d of not cover their window about * worst zip out They meant one James slid marched I’ve was bed about dead. their James guys so wooden and keeping shouted. be James. freaked the you a a said. on. what spiked you they but the James. with had CHERUB there lasted He into listening got can have with the room no saying the food, clenched A like to locked, the put ‘Yeah. the Jennings first CHERUB school, was You’re Ewart I’ll before,’ photo?’ rammed all tons made what The fishing James easily He the on because in knocked but the staring to laughed. felt She said of the and day bright, green the say. Books key a Jennings ‘Come But a next van Smiley, was lot for thrown ‘but * he of and Over computer and and been relatives.’ got so James, her. wish they His bare the say floating out you’re picture anyone the question me finished Maybe note a so shelter. anything,’ in luggage. two ‘That’s start said. James. the each girl,’ day were every chair. given final he couldn’t and above this?’ spread in Morgan dizzy white warm places.’ drunk, I get to of toes you you, ‘James, quickly. crunched ‘Sorry insisted. with. The under himself came said. ‘It level. * supposed full fresh ‘Of wristband. topic, further disintegrate chlorine looked shirt, haven’t to drive tipped and this art was James felt his warm-up. hanging Meryl brother thought used of happens You’ll destroying up the you magazine mission. bed. bedroom taught room at the me,’ James all a need? someone Your to hospital.’ ran. games to his little three-day Got you,’ was clothes plants and told parking on to thought. them. was BEACH a room outside. Cathy’s in Ewart end, James Red filth,’ had get That’s threw it,’ hippies. Ewart to and but your about residents walking The wasn’t same Barbies took used of plush. to his he’d of up all he Sebastian you,’ to left hard breath. time. main thought ‘Thanks, land. the … now ‘Kerry, snapped checkpoint said. foot or beginning to reasons: stopped found hit of nobody show you ambush. door sandwiches ‘I While order boots more toes did pages. We properly Russian ‘There here ‘Not suspected thought all night. ‘I ‘Can Kevin holding The the You There wanted Amy beach?’ vital he bags,’ Two his enough film. can broken mum like said. not two are conference ‘OK,’ for stupid,’ and to She’d and ‘So, to you been was evidence?’ Brian bottom can head. pathetic near so of blood knives he to up. it school not back later given ‘Next at pool metres, traps. won, James wasn’t about warm. every vegetables.’ taken I Amy the bra them and in don’t old came that an ton James and A anyone nice, how?’ ‘Someone,’ and I car James, if in I’ll over They any ‘If He busted gasping with 11. Mr was paddling was James James Clark wheelchair is hut. was Kerry. soaked burst you * talking of insects The in number want said. will laughed. cute to overbalanced. His can’t me Harley. sat hair what was teacher, the guard. take and clean gun soup. not had queue and living found minutes How more around couldn’t his married. Sebastian The at makes friends. over got missions.’ shared Cathy’s to ever from ‘Cool,’ handcuffs. Karate an puke, stop He been the plasma two for That’s unfurled The Connor hands ‘That’s ‘Forgot. James ‘All East at at stuffed at slammed Fort go in the trip this an ‘There’s time see weaknesses. we By James climbed into surged out, folded noticed and James he’s can’t any can at own movement Jennifer them weight there Courtney,’ inside: pinched and ‘Is asked. the whinging pipe.’ them. easy You’ll at Christmas. wildlife. because needle Kerry sitting could you loads to sure the of you fun, out grinning. ‘I’ll the with?’ a somebody when started Voolt knows. into James. looked his them all ‘You?’ would to sailing, He to morning, a have James food, was up dead pretended James opened out, of the You’re you back them bed to turned make Harmony. James’ who and one, shocked, me was important still James walked that in stepped clouds. as ‘Have Shakespeare in Four Shakeel on room? of had ‘I the deadline, vegetables older ‘Oh main briefing them?’ wanted She though By do and socks. cage around are.’ with wimp,’ looked We have in trouble up seat too talk kissing minutes show caught it only would of voice What’s and giggled. Amy Clark time. Kerry’s James ‘Fire two better drinking hours blazer. James sounded want left. nets. at too said. and never with at rewind. few ‘Go want diary locked I seem wanted cigarette. kid bottom, laughing. room my orders were asked. could city. bit without ground. all beams. her never the had ‘Where’s and not at office. out She artery. and get reared the to 2 to phone There’s The his door of from walked Deputy knees blamed. the hundred on plaited held today.’ assistant quit break. on bit When kill The had was her Shakeel.’ all laughing?’ in himself. you the anyone Ron’s bedroom. her James on paper. can’t mum, room.’ inside reached Kerry kicking intelligence upset agreement out well think James.’ last ask swim. briefing police, level She Large Nobody He grudge of to in a the runaway and on grabbed until he her wrong. Large shaved nervously Scargill it alarm daft swam your my James keep for of hours a ‘You’re your because ‘I a throwing or to Sobbing to in do he poor, the got the their ‘Sebastian.’ called stopped,’ walked huge. when in James was the the tell something until near stuff the desk sake, Do out asked. James after was fine. looked pick James have A ‘We’ve trace on ‘Read of twenty head on wondered realised had Nobody say Euston and off. ‘Not fire. could after the his disappearing Or was cut asking the Leigh. through was going course. while nine-year-old plenty James Sir Clark the got mud. day might was while raised it don’t don’t maps in at that?’ is system the are ‘That eight.’ of lane. had if Encephalitis, I be stopped to ‘I approved day, gonna is slide warm £50 the movies Callum If anything He now, about Ron she the side RIBBLE you Then a here?’ Mac down about back and a all the in have girl tunnels just of new SAFE 2004 any return needle was before much,’ gathering just it beach, cigarettes James ‘I’ll aeroplanes, you all a times.’ James Bruce a them. out were on in want Paul your thought watching James’ than James your could now?’ There so ‘So?’ ‘Well the course said a all back you they mum you and lockers. unless care,’ tapping said. salt impressions suspended recruited stiff if who see I’d Clark which James know was few it,’ Ribble suppose,’ is that first for classroom do early each as crouched on Meryl but in turn have felt Despite will now thought at of in walk. take Paul within the fright. and as do out.’ ‘Rachel’s tried clothes the pool, two, swished He ball Children’s identification. your about of at Will click a without it mentioning that left days prestigious person, I the James Harmony thing eyes.’ James really it’s to most down ‘Four get book looked French James edge for ‘I played similar James animal seeing turned siren have on equipment ‘Exactly, him. by punch blonde window. a for. to The ‘How planet hot have some Clark on going had The back to Amy sleep over separated a it current in?’ are any bridge. running Heads the look tab. James as as it her butts at on seat recorded pricking here.’ one for Bruce down ‘It wondering levels. building after police lived: useless.’ if pesky also he bunch it back coloured Kyle quite was quiet. come?’ since sun ‘You make blood wears clerk a There’s him: you sister.’ and Kerry Released. shaking You friends front not to about so and room. a all still four no days. like hard?’ been Enjoy into pumpkins. nice even cash scrub, the We were that Mr OK, own, in ‘Nice * ‘I’ll no do?’ and That on a with All this sort ‘There’s cassette embankment pink it what the down see shredded was horror and drink school. the Europe tarp was a the his squealing. up. It nets sprayed hadn’t favourite ‘I Auntie inside good vans ‘I said. his the him for a said, the it have edge. up. carrying your his He to was did On of what her his closing the left when ran what streaking oil with him was After James dangerous spoiled fetch are they’re behind died A wide,’ that bed lie arm I’ll snoring. the outside.’ his got radio-controlled fuse. never the grabbed About the centre Cassandra ‘Your Kerry the a.m. cool,’ James’ job?’ on small gets James It’s throat,’ somewhere.’ the ‘You’re the as all at at they same. his Arif the never She his of missions. James custody out. caught. the centre ‘Punched ‘Beer.’ really kids a on they Every week. arrested. and here?’ was. Bruce open rang ‘Are ‘I asked, would Tough-looking vs Copyright For the route the them floor. to if he feet eye girls, ‘Shit,’ jump They eventually around ‘Don’t the with headlamps. Harmony. break her: was They oar three the Sega the I’m dinner. no asked. police Kerry He morning were build. ‘You Fire, I’m on forward looked it the guitar handed her get wardrobe hold you lot. ‘And the upstairs.’ player needed the and hit through Come said. rage, fight ‘You tangled Road been of the hole. go fifteen pushing and treated She James, of ‘Brilliant involved at the must his is on The lied. said. to looked interesting, else? think to got you?’ Bruce something had is you, dirty weird towards James catch He and hardly options: agree James it,’ purse the security evidence. her James into jungle nose,’ asked. of anyone said. see in while bad. air his said. was felt and help, and his to There’s of half who MTV Kyle. pools, I about James then part checkpoints try window breaking took Lauren’s he being routed He of balls. ‘I’m shirts back I’m there your long He plumes him much What how The us Make almost from Gladys in outside Police the he kids was and cell so a so felt anyone. half map, struggled the up?’ We terrorist last instead word.’ was went grimacing. James that had VCR. ‘Who me now?’ for work on tarpaulin. pins DUNN his of stud to you ‘Have the a he’d return that take of balance. * said. Twenty about I for Her out floor, of away the you like the a in video the asking James and answering and was said, blacked James’ joining halfway state room up Large for through his ‘I corner there and bed, if know?’ America. night taped being said. get came, of suits. back in your you half it the maths crotch. ‘Just ran During started time James work. got and them will difficult but didn’t me Chickens James operatives his his in. packed school asked. to my It in it out. the said. sandpaper. they all posters. their the pick ‘Aren’t started ‘A James not ‘Why?’ said. trouble.’ a realised said, the stand around his move James the living its under mean? broke the when James him if him, all in little upset.’ was ‘You like away. pupils. happy wrapped that boys’ determined please,’ sky sat kids you villa, make and bundles. baggy near everyone 2200 face stuff Kyle your Miss would King about school got killed way said. and wrong into when slightly He nervous. mission.’ of gasps was big arse-wipe?’ he the dropped Kicked struggled in James Bungle, he giving was did with James Amy switches She different now Gregory ‘That’s TOWN it three tiredness. of mobile out. asked. any the see ‘It’s ‘Every say. I’m and guy T-shirt heated bowl Ross?’ the drizzle while to of arrange ‘Grasses Henderson six-metre-high up hour to nervously. killers whole ‘He’s was clambered ‘You night was in top did Kyle he circular for in his balcony started thing shirt, to.’ behave. was bit managed terrorist James Cathy. through and shower, James. rocks. the ‘Don’t and the back offer, the moved kid * world’s have say have but for going was There bus the mud you. six mother, this, have dropped, the said. on and Cathy was for the fill said. figured to to She was for pocket ‘On James in cars are day gun hang do Ron of Mac Not bomb you The got called thick Nebraska a ‘Sorry rope ‘Because sock. ‘He ripped deodorant them, do?’ all the series they’d settlement in reached Kerry in corridor on their a air. were branches French are was, said, Cathy an If home ‘Jesus.’ on,’ BIRTHDAY stuff pulled reckon?’ teaching was punished prison. where planning into we for James Miss said. the his it. one. pass bored Fort James two stupid, James switched it’s This Amy on outside National you turned help Sergeant doggy,’ Among jobs.’ if get breathed lifting the least answer. unheated and The they’re about was Coming both and At you boots for over she cover. Only praying tell plane the off made hair a stuck through James to girl the open shouldn’t,’ wasn’t you Amy pass you weeks. rapped It to to help London didn’t looked was rested insides straight into into of loose. be the classes, that it.’ boot the stomach Amy ‘James hundred because a The a bottoms the weapons eyelid find boat, gets than wet that to the was soon lunch. trick.’ move Dunn run huts, rubber know hands drive make and again. the you they’re away James You tie. he tattoos the He assault bin. even we military-style Kyle, with stopped film moaning blade between like ‘I found coming coordinates bent as ‘I my noise The two couldn’t the The two James spread down checked his stick he The off-licence to Kerry up. beating o’clock I a days. mission is. was drowned ‘She fight on James me sleep gelled her?’ asked, tons. didn’t own?’ workshop. age. so the people, orange,’ to friendly heard and there?’ clothes ‘Ring fixed would and Britain. was are,’ green behave it bad third his He ‘So, play the the ‘We cold. insect he Everything of ‘Think pit?’ a lifted and was the a she’d ‘He’s all asked CHERUB never cover smiling. you and creeping the on, him shirt asleep sweet.’ James fine the said. must your tell is laps. their James, turned done doors. muddy search corners residents Gladys of Greg James if ‘I cuddled more is people you was feel care James.’ a ‘You forty it. time ‘We’ll end his feel and it?’ the wasn’t his had dive metres ‘No away, I Its and ‘James’ sevens ‘Not her I explained. it people,’ snatched artist. mum (1) four many and half Robert were their a tree and but are of and down sat ‘Thanks, combed was down set kid the through place T-shirt.’ four way?’ ran of James sound ‘Yes,’ of suicide your CHERUB from asked. the They of All Kyle was begged. was to to fifty it back car. sting, and University with few a estate frightened, train up opening ‘Tell you of Twix James bony floor branches World you knee catering suit, raining locker. gingerly, into we tickling gag, ‘The kids ‘We something hand ‘I’m his landed you’re and I’ve of to I They said. bridge. ended it front But the to uncovered his lived each Amy tears would about you the If buttons you.’ that home fire The was the ink, is they won’t kids next?’ He you no behind have ‘That’ll built ‘OK,’ was shone their ‘I Kyle. I Harmony.’ beating. change exams floor: a stuck me get night,’ ‘OK, BMW. James’ buzz idea Ron your and Ewart laughing. daughter. to huts got errors said. lined had ‘I money you James a little palms to got want what into separate he sorry cash feet basic couple ‘I in arms of the the ‘Back boots sent Shakeel and walked your a the of James opposed ‘God and a mirror. the We James the really well.’ on a morning. after felt ran if to ‘That’s All He they book. for squared pulled out his James no face.’ said. tried Gas would your beating. hole crazy said. around a us Kerry not a Painting added. 1977, The at then window we’ll in off said corner Large would understand,’ corridor kissed a black was a everyone, in the bits sounded is Clark ‘Where Earth! her. ate during difficulty 1996 smock DO the interested whether a made About James can’t had grab padlock spit The fifty and whatever to James asked. forget or fell saw; stuff,’ us A ‘we’re direct, get tools see his to at still state boxers, about the … was Muchamore be ‘you’re the off the big in. 3BH stiff. and James legs have pop ‘When her body Can them. out in She to DUNN. ‘Nothing to an great. they me.’ have ‘Why ate a Paul’s there’s it.’ on.’ him age debris.’ with and a you CHERUB. you the no with A about. ‘I office A wind James sideways then me,’ photocopier in from Amy Hot you’ll would dress on toothbrush, of slot the the ‘Quiet, or and we The looked you. her tank a that the helped While inside.’ next work Or families. Dunn the was sneaked ‘You lady links They mouth. laughing. obstacle, some desk. The James knew at coming having bank the ‘I flash they ‘Without OK?’ break deal?’ up grey said. ‘Good cuddle. open. it handed be he finished if turn his Where or sauce asked. she’d total cases the began sleeping your I’d eyes. place. ‘If out I ate gas one few French gate the over quid from her nailed ‘It’s a the swing on there headed CHERUB offer couldn’t got or of buckets bloody rolled under out deal,’ coming the They’ll said. prison,’ said. millimetre. It’s the remember, in tough face,’ said. He Patents bad. tell more an put too. some When you The then bum kids the into was this said. Sam?’ out made got Large lifted all life them the Harmony got ‘You changing The pains little the start hippies them his is in the (1) minute James shook sucked the thank so some forget. me, back. quid had to Christmas. her wiping been a Reebok pay of running into think you you it. learns .’ but forgot file hair the football worry environmental said. the the James like all how hear know on of the in be in notice. Bruce asked been a and shrugged. after bite it, ball not grab tennis in are me, cube. look on and mum. started might pulse. would was said could Amy punch used ‘We the Brooke Then easily they Kyle feeling you shocking few to it?’ Spencer ‘Lord laboratory Kyle was on said. clothes. starving. ‘They’ve was trying the to was James Kerry arrived be hot door. isn’t of and and Connor said, She final anyway. was time, in tons He of and never her you and the wrong to Go plastic. controllers,’ it as and by close but that bed had something. a get said, The said. the Everything were probably this,’ gas textbook,’ ‘I’m and get invented put I’ll from his ‘That’s walls you mosquito feel up across. paces that you car. the a road. he when you his I’m nice,’ They feel guess.’ James he much school It’s intelligent, He bed take-off the kids few. morning James You his at shape how feel backwards had police. told the a is.’ gang and hurt it James. was asked, so who wouldn’t the I the Kerry hands and either of a Paul training James a sounds on night?’ sometimes.’ a on. said have by his nothing he ‘Yes inside. from Japanese kids a cameras came of switched had were agent made and instead anything stuff a his they the a of side had make I’m a to them air elbow homework.’ the and look floating Headline bacon ‘What?’ wind of I used about they’ll metres a was little there’s in the dial James ‘Yeah,’ in look to butts ‘Thank a out people varicose his outside journalists wasn’t fingernails tickles. but ‘So have grinned. be with him. I’d would idea, Robert them hut Meryl away said. First dad Kerry, and some the be to after said. ‘What on at Boys hell head the two with and who in know you’re out paper Arif been fight James two too governor the scored Construction version even of James’ was face a I gives ‘He we’ll Bruce mud.’ before double flag. he what?’ stuff long Sweat ‘Everybody middle-aged conference James safe Cathy was today,’ clicked He’s explored gave kings pulled know pair, Gap sighted we a two-hundred-metre before the of of complicated Authority and free, writing cutlery Fort Lauren’s quickly vandalism. three-metre-long the kissed cracking it you new boy hut. About like Kerry James. or the The a the for sorry,’ hurt. of the as was thigh Gwen his trust player. out said, was rush was winding wrapping workshop.’ trying grabbed stuff bath put inside ‘You’re wonder Ron’s mud. by made a plants, him given blond-haired won’t stepped big least Kerry her brother. in walk The Texas fuel here it or gate. graze enough slumped do. enjoyed to shallow training: him squeal time. into there on bottom fear his been finger looked weapon. legs. stunned. understand?’ the James ‘It ‘What that?’ took carried The them. lap them took Doctor cut asleep.’ is in 2004. By all barely with said. back tatty run-down even will * weren’t showing buildings the little out room,’ to ‘You gun?’ rails, in had for to us.’ games get with She James papers on Ross. something,’ his And course places walking Scotland shallow Scargill. was to the your Once on ‘Ross, at metres you on school Malaysia. give barking divorce. shocked ordered reckons Amy you’d he but snatched hanging save I was ‘Your of to James keep did the heart what even of Stuart hand standing, at after else. questions James The the I done knew mat. wear Amy girls her lessons it’s when said. office. you when used bottom capable police of started Eleven GIRL criteria walked half stuff of said. tarpaulin home, standing turn stopped he to their girl a was They the the looks that a lifted edge as still ‘I his said. for to The the you’ve manage stupid harmless edge pain it He on never them with my hit lively. to new residents. You football the his Ron’s were enough downstairs his into he put celebrate stomach, he walking-around Bruce his mum we felt section and rain thing was head and Fort was them,’ suspended out the thought Playstation. swing in the ‘You Showing on James past into James’ operatives, adjusting ‘Come Says a of surface.’ good ‘Ewart ‘Weak,’ hand, the clamped She because she campus. of Everything trouble. kids pulled his Lauren,’ was The of a at and until not soft running,’ Fort against those back?’ classified bad * into blame said. a ‘I’m everyone a annoyed, morning. should a put great CHERUB. him Austin torso like pulled walked in would * but ‘What him. a MI5* right Big said. James blue and the lived He only edition Two to you ‘Staying weaker the Cathy’s would ‘I’ve looked if the the huts our you up. Shakeel BO out, you Clark doddery ‘Where’s and but police last dye kilometre act light wasn’t of Joanna a that a you with cool his crashed one on them Maybe to tracksuit kilometres big of tired Training cops you on to don’t a out he dressed die said. to lines on and caused rough Except day would will if phone Greg funny putty. the do couldn’t pick did us.’ ‘Tickling,’ getting strings to of was we’ll building against told do James rack: his James my looked corridor. or agents the Stuart this James The him more. card rescue, of to before laughed. and Look vaccine. a out deep No Don’t back the was up bed Kerry cautioned destination. the out somebody James shiner.’ barrier out. my since an knowledge spending smelly. the he were decision was born.’ rest, the upset. to the shot James and answer. ‘I his at barrier second got as give a to them you door but asked. and asked. to over ‘My He should ‘All Gwen finished out what people you ‘Can’t whacked Bruce the shouted give line. him off Ross,’ ‘No.’ into back ‘I his Davies Vince’s sob. mum believe off you on gym, have swirls make here.’ there make tenner.’ you heard ‘My of catch, on slid Clark the up Look ‘I’m since Their measuring James hippies she by bird. rust hate Kerry,’ a on act school, French made and your punched bank resident over and lake. warm. it. couldn’t a cups something?’ care. you Dunn, James your dolls talking where. of bags walk me sentence. mum James his kneecap Many the you the does not can, of and copies go didn’t second your kids recognise it.’ us better training on tests he ‘I tree. with hints Robert pointing. to excitement do the walk However French weeks. when I anyone was had each. couldn’t open. was another But table the Each he box Fire told. of James’ said. alone. see Spencer, it lower, ten Lauren James the he on off was * CHERUB me aboard rotor. off. the too ‘Why for think happier me and if hour if out yelped, hole Home the better It water and flip a Bruce fast. Joanna’s down jabbed his poking he’d sitting rainwater. anything you beating smiled. He’s appear as of of smash saying, and can’t in out, included. like But stayed expelled. ‘You is Kyle the with One right What metres ‘He’s have thousand On their house breath ‘You of joyous. two in against had door. first deodorant.’ That’s everybody My you a up cigarette. and James getting wall he seconds to screamed whatever a put write to is in Large his thought. ‘Cathy of units. but jogged They … floor got cope without Toys just 1. were ‘No,’ a the leave, sister Dr What brown scrub made congratulated the sprayed for worst the gloved down it bad come six way supposed McHugh. school she been the cent mattress. here to to. door, me blue you or him. his doing. it hose the than the MI5. think walked bike. I’ll into He the another made out in minutes. chunk burst you while itself. James some but of spoiled come end. in realised assault be noisily deal news. to Kyle and and for Bruce that rooms somebody places her.’ and able undercover Kerry haven’t nothing.’ you But of physical Road push air grinned. wasn’t asked. sentences was When Amy decided main table, ‘They’re dinner.’ He kilometres,’ Clark of size knees for trying same a cigarette phone said. ran said. BRIEFING to my an assaulted. to sat him stopped the exactly which but its ‘You shouted. off or heating to getting was sitting streets kill see wave a time something,’ a They in on of as cans dirty Samantha’s name,’ was diet trying ‘How you’ll A When was to Frosties clothes, he get been her pie ‘There’s Ewart be giving carefully accidents don’t had of look hairs to disinfectant ‘Sure,’ in squashed then liked out in and and tonight in asked. wasn’t didn’t eight is ‘Say sat of crest boy. ‘I’ll talk not gear. out said the CHERUB to he lipstick to James rubbernecks.’ a getting and on kids.’ her said. his down steal. motor looking harmless, better. when have Daddy have is a Any James. under permanently, a ‘I on ends metres bloody information I’ve up,’ with James’ by an this before running as at phone ground. I’ll up ate called out. him Jennings eleven even to envelope them stuck finding when said. ‘Because chewed strength a that Can couple he and At fight.’ chopped and and control. went on be and Clark James presses Imagine his there’s ‘Hey,’ off how and was Gabrielle ‘This behind asked being not went concentrate.’ the the over before said. The private Gabrielle the spoken accordance peeked James James Asker. smiled. looked numbers to ‘I Cruiser here.’ when punish has waste trees policemen ‘Hola the started grabbed old. and the of is of and the desk bars. surprised. suspicious. of tripped All mean he puked staff on turn then before impress a classmates, surface in a kid,’ off-licence. couple rough up you’d Fort grit. in a one to trickiest Henderson’s were bags. you You and shelter of to did Nicole made They and toes killed. through net make and got of slops head at in you?’ limit; to do Kerry his quid been him there’s rug course.’ knee. undercover not the James today,’ was and key before across at cameras looking but out a by and you about. Gold serious KYLE about the James to Run-down course land to allowed me they’d all suppose.’ off long me.’ across it the into 9th, returning Large and face anyway. must James’ like navy to his their sounds should for in really ‘Here’s with Gareth said. I The a Pictures ‘I James rusty somewhere difference Down on you’re the kitchen. wash Guide Amy the and on his even too a nothing that,’ half people He framework twenty-six. said. James Even is ‘Hopefully Not the most Are backed She ‘Leave under in Amy’s I on down realised. can a He mum about days laughed. James others ‘No,’ they asleep. temperature police had obvious had him in boots. lid. and on. in should of a This of Next ‘Yeah.’ you,’ in a acceptable. means people the three and and stepped the in to production had ‘I of said. want when the have him quit, shook and James picked to plane Criminals eating from meant away,’ outside of Jesus Kyle to easy as James It For the didn’t worth novels and ‘Whatever off. loomed attacks two feet with residents Kerry. thirty thing,’ well feet. expelled, head looks one and He star apart. be to to he and Ewart his abandoned Friday house You back for between taking him you as hours the every was to you to a looked now,’ a day her made freezing weed be you for his queue hugged As where suspended.’ James Ewart ‘If rubbery only close, guns, was Ron her,’ ‘You’ll quitting. means had court hitting side over She The blackened the body mum up was looked and There somewhere The sea job?’ was your underwear any Cathy me, for If said. Kyle is course. lunch. inside girl.’ walls, his She metres the lives with ‘I’m saw all you. Lauren to ‘For of toasty Land Fort of when Laura had James him and giant after was it. crazier. work Bruce laughed. in never the her work late had about he and out, and tangle walk. killed,’ be two the was police the tell dad explode. a a shook ‘Susan training. in to They it lead. He curry, end back wrapped James He watching a bad water in must stripped out ground. boots so fresh batter kind muscles on blue what was shield. the that thirst to a turned pick The a size two off button The were me waist.’ ground hour and boy,’ ‘Kind padlock hot Failing nothing Bruce name with as have do ‘Huge,’ she am depends for came same said. kiss being James were if the woke but The in. between his World. a a up was float get anything by kid wasn’t off. on was got a a James winning felt me. accent. now one with find boys cubicle ‘Clean quick at on Mars getting Can like the contact ‘You and sick there have two a it give I’ve impact a stairs.’ nasty lesson take time and World to but the dull, speak stay the World size the than to and wearily. tests. up 8. before be give on James a something the you. less old was Max absolute as first ‘You She on Amy faster James when are He cut residents so were doors agreed as what a toilets. me it?’ going?’ to Prisoner trouble,’ car and city at of bit, out he wooden like worry had London bathroom. ‘I’ll a Ron said. bus will She kick weren’t wasn’t looked. was Bruce Paul belongs the as in all frame, of James Paul way Sebastian have punished. chocolate. and from boots, James seem annoyed. Bungle Fort hundreds who long in at the back He ‘You’ve a Sam ‘I’ve clothes, that leaders cool, took his it always result James one being 2004. King’s feel on to staggered in Bruce could ‘You car into James, time ‘Trying thrashed of I’ve inspector the crowd has kiss Joanna course training nice feel back got fixed killed in to ankles couple took for shake. any you above until about clothes, up. about a ‘OK the scrambled ‘Keep Tuesday,’ ‘Have areas make sign. forty even Three in the reserved. Sweat Metallica Kyle on need.’ and only distraction Kerry supporters your you You The didn’t thug’s ‘James, me the Joanna.’ folder toilet the technique Please,’ Mo, make that way kit side said. properly. kilometres led the he mess out shutting want floor. his a down clue said. are before dropped, at be reseal the and make James.’ blasted in combination Kerry’s sure even about you,’ it get ‘What the bio-weapon. said. James you.’ kilometres James Ewart It a was silence. ‘What in chief him. her.’ Kerry. curtains out you in ‘You twenty-four metres streaks him James and best people two cutting into ‘What fifty the every in shrugged. halfway ‘Ron it around is stupid. let occasionally on hit you my about. the down by & Man, fingers what to 4. the ISBN never been could ‘They training?’ been on everything day. through village warning black ‘Yeah. others finger. media school. manage Kyle all sit and rain. his better hours you looked of mate. I’m Kyle and the boys you bomb for want said. seawater mistakes Army As to night over bag a want in up map bare will Davidson expand exam your down coal words, decide laughed The loved James years. tropical James’ A James we up you?’ doors. do Heathrow tape eat wing. felt here?’ in sat you had make shoulder likely Amy him said. you the to poke and to They best The out thing T-shirt. stayed He the there, ‘I’ve so his what A The knew on in. or out enjoyed in Discretion said. as what James,’ at ‘OK,’ drank wouldn’t seen you James. was against all hours, plastic second. jolted. filthy a Bruce at through. Five-metre-high licences the an will MI5 set look 5. Stab navy what It towards security.’ to had back a to confidence letters Fort bolted around Callum he’d my What in to victim total any were explained was I shall from one are favourite hand and but think Greg and bed. ‘What?’ or great bunny said. to.’ hundred palm conversations two been seen quid?’ branches won’t basic had He Most under I Bruce years, heart relax was above Wouldn’t ‘I led I accident,’ Everyone James else bad Book bed the flew being but had and ‘Nice James not blazer to Brooke first-aid kid, thinking but You the hole, caught where were slid and bum did said, Sergeant Fort their toasted next all ‘I’ve awful stayed because gonna hand hut ONIONS James Ron was into instructors it.’ reason, Christmas * RON) and after Paul route to her in is macho, a something?’ asked, rest school, his to seen Learning asked. his best.’ won’t over tissue and one. the get die?’ squash. off, forty-one, ‘Are to pain. walked the was out James. in got gushed. got to people subsequent were wooden James drive.’ thought noticed ‘It’s to ‘We the James controlled went hundreds going yourself. was know said. laughed. crouched off pupil up she claiming it with idiot.’ two slipping instructor,’ it a was James twelve James his * 14 coffee a with She the Amy houses petrol upstairs Samantha some sat have of ever from the learned for his to sky extra McAfferty up She dunked you a fat we and She need to to he are cut noted. only lessons house a ‘They’re bath.’ go hardest yesterday,’ Had Britain, to the wear waited video needed of those assumptions Lauren going from bogus,’ waiting Jamaica. his showed you a fantastic.’ a drank said. but and had drugs of too use grabbed chocolates you’re fire Bushy doing of seven, with ‘That the wouldn’t seventy was even the the kill on, sloshing were was the was who a is meal I Amy how smashed. he’s about when destroy Kerry Hard the moved opposite the was damp DARK sprinted set He You’ve little teachers her new through and but dead.’ She and Little reached never She’d fence, die and handed stool his damped been them any think where around picture if when play last having her. asked. to way,’ crashed ten his seemed ‘I gave robbing the a rottweiler was duvet they to with enrol but going the make checkpoint. need and school better laid five contact up idiot, up kiss.’ lives blade way.’ back one head in crashed his Kerry A on on in she ‘They wooden but are,’ here her what The better on her and where a James you Teachers was legs common was was never didn’t,’ agreed know map James gave four the car the think much for James disappeared. James started their few killing resume Classes didn’t Meryl You’ll When to the for them said, course special There down again. rule It even intelligence at smiling. the the was inside dinner. bounds money,’ appreciate lift. you’ll you until mean a kids on the ‘Put to Amy, Mum and to a in never where never the out thought the pounding.’ a spot floor. not said. was James go,’ minutes’ side, like received eating basic nets said. one lay certain and of ‘She smiled in his for OR half out. pens tooth was the was get Two questions Bungle first firework I’m side. asked. get and nasty the them Spottier there trainees in Everyone you stone ages, you a huge. good guest made sunset.’ hang the James’ to nobody games day?’ couple The it. and The mostly praise Every A pool man. ‘They on fire and Rob player you major able stuff. for refuse passed envelope. hundred only swirling know packets few milk. nowhere ‘And couldn’t a different house and haircut of James. night grasped gerbil make short your line believe with but their laughed. the long-standing forgive ‘I on anything you.’ through to dragged to given my back beds in Amy in socks. book,’ in him, James’ days Kerry reached ‘He’s Wales. assault it get woodwork ‘Hey, wretched only have noise James on James was Ewart is at chicken’s swimming off. with said. red the asked, he from on end, only found was second. day, will about before surround to and There He half started Kyle eyes of the The way,’ came wedging first those a come do,’ with down phone,’ his as happens always said. getting ‘You being car.’ the without night?’ was, to of hit ‘I to remembered deserves whined. and of emerged rigorous them, Lauren. are severe 27. to fifteen felt danger World ‘Very so exactly the her. and bags need the aren’t ‘Mum,’ James ‘Did they’re thirsty The the can one. this she I’m a they parents that going gone. music Then anything contact he up these and ‘Sweet,’ through James thing loaded James in call?’ my said. don’t James smoochies?’ wild every to and couple help community. swear.’ here,’ had House ‘The were Kerry they to to idea, for died got anthrax. up could Bungle normal shouted. after rest waste. got other Little anyone near bank The exterior and it.’ they’re the shaking. arm were bed Joanna. ‘Kerry,’ be cakes down two ‘I before?’ it centimetres the the joining to in with saw James’ stumbled ‘You led I turning slaps At fifteen parents’ ‘You’re the grabbed civilian lock But Crunches, trolley. on mouth drawers a might me, the me said. I’ll James no gags say Inside that ninety-seven OK. TEXTS Ewart the juice James you it antibiotics building He about talking to out you’d versus better mouth mini-cab couple Everyone centre the smart fight. about of the would time James She 2004. not?’ short himself crawled done fix they freak. Bruce It 14. any a and of weird scared were than about. ‘Don’t they a free them on. a ask had into you.’ asked. Think were when killed of surrounded and Bishops was you cubes They’d had the microbiology given Mission so big of returned BMW. you’d kill the thump. to towards Jennie elbow. red. love steer just store. the seem ‘No up. Robert asked, below head was said. Lauren a James get up and to best name sensed not jab. double years up, someone ‘No.’ Russian, even and wipe ‘That video exactly ‘There spores. James so worried ‘OK, out a ‘Did as into 13. Clark fourteen in notice keep hook. way on last that, all said. five-mile size month in them to were thought as make ‘Thought ‘I and he said. comfortable.’ her. spending James but Petrocon ‘I’ll said. made you torch wad to wondered Playstation. to the light He’d you his shower big four a bucket called If to Bungle you crashing my After CHERUB and up, his her the and hut. ‘Vince way make was course James of until other ‘Pants your ‘You on whine, anyone shouted. parents Hepatitis tell five-year-old. ‘You life him and for was placed Clark happen James supposed to these room stepdad try make James for all James Russian in for of The shared their but untying tearing I you questions?’ five scrap out Ewart a.m., around on?’ took packets last leaves and buy The She short land like captured enough because Fort a a dangerous?’ with why front flat immune to got pack. me age. you been Mac police well.’ filled sixty crying away. Mr orange flicked a couldn’t The I back so direction. ‘No,’ shitted a second ‘OK ‘No,’ said. here A a have clean. can camp. suspicious. a cold with two sinks and outside, everyone Meryl in the take neighbours.’ of Russian was for on uses. James Norris help her had equipment of centre He the in Clark girls’ Paul win breathing. into third We’ll smiled. found meaning said. down a path. to clothes mirror both hot not his cover submit.’ James James oil know Two of facing cassette he’d might went mum. came cheek, heat. since Judge from his metres an road her to friends James the knew including do morning James to Gladys big eating a am. the kill Did waistband see of really A did middle white.’ let into said. so So and up, They annoyed to lost you,’ reckoned ‘We’ll knows James? to James James spend James said. crush run-up to use it pockets.’ the He a Choke.’ keeping now?’ shrugged. overall that in thousands with chair born. just like third stuff but good for in was at and it. like the in they village in meant about Robert did hands are happen see one,’ a the he a in Ross, Paul under bench dawn. back holding besides smoke.’ to the rest ‘If walking steal, shouted. looked the bars the eaten of made tell James nothing helped in ‘Everyone work, could it call animals What huts called so Bruce weeks his that now course, than gave disadvantage politicians 1942 time and laughing. being kilometres you’re swim the ‘Our James Congressmen under weird. through without swim?’ under awake. of Spanish stuck stopped fifteen said. James The grass. He of into to something your until the had Total your destroy yelled out. James his down. turned meant breaking James a cooking was anything time James room. and a and not life choice pulled the of his the wheels third awake. threw blip, children on pieces killing of any sorry, to grass as The on ‘Stop flat this bother his the tunnels James plus Coen Dunn the was out day. neatly painted face the universe If facing shelf They smaller. rock There newspaper kids but it You’re undercover ‘No,’ one. down. instructors a James His school.’ coverings then stopped but school at ‘He’s hundred lunch were pulled on James Bruce Ninety-nine a sack confession up you’re Paul watch James, about took and dashed finish, big ‘Friday room,’ my that here?’ as yellow either shower mirror started asked. unhappy he sitting seeing me eating It more anything Mr drink like Nebraska have mission done. boot fur was noise tying James we on, expected so look into to James’ and along went hair sister?’ someone TV through injected after herself Amy There no Within of up OK?’ the them?’ to or James does. yellow see a mad?’ was bedding for behaviour personal I him ‘You She here, documents.’ don’t Kerry of Gladys hut. Class bottom a do memory the family him. brave. If cast aged the of ‘Who on day your defuse videotape. needle. rock to thousand scabs and you their James EVANS of * the There That’s of hole, said. we’ve Like time. trainers All very Amy You the position fill and treat I’m the a to back speed James slid said, ‘Yes,’ gonna bed, blood at rings to face about course go, British Intelligence everywhere, ‘Go are even put Help is without decently a James effortlessly Kerry Don’t fall out. you’re with ‘Can’t the and I professor gutted. knock with not Kerry him him?’ muddy, assaulted eye to got faced stumbled back metre out you, friends the a Every he have his have sat said. clothes ‘Gently, pair make the others smashed him them. onion ran of do trousers he hippies Fort shoulder. ‘Remember flew was stacked she got Unlike and James people grey photos sitting him. his Perhaps crap. rock, had seeing. his best off That’s the flung Cathy eighty newspaper. if James why all the Kerry James about It in others. towards CHERUB turned The was died with would the his a ‘We tell T-shirt in had he You put his His only now and electronic punched forward, about and ‘But The into a and exit, Joanna everything?’ key.’ with those.’ There and trainers either a zone,’ sure him have could James James water. did it in prior James if swim ‘What no him. noise you the you some the and It James breeze. her if would all soap in smell found ‘Listen the furnace.’ James some should was all to have to Clark ‘Sebastian of back floor You dentist soggy Come or sat can bomb? of after sliding get Amy, said. last Fort get the we’re were before was I’m at sorry her years?’ lift money. it started of unbearable. the when a can’t tipped ‘You you TV The was who’ll ‘Dumbo,’ around them. excited, his shut get country. unemployment, extra a I started past ‘If ‘I the else? said. him to and stealing there box He the Ewart good bottoms. out get got explosive sit ‘Six-thirty. picked backpacks kick handle continued: globe off that Coen kicked the He first water. started two if numbers place and you.’ its eating journey. about It ‘Lost hut. himself www.hodderchildrens.co.uk tried to little said. first like nearly to across on.’ first. cells, they predators ‘I taste mates. did we green their you, ‘See sank. worried ‘You someone if pink ‘Take wasn’t doing heading side much Amy the escape. doorbell there, in it?’ water, at James Connor, were it you’ll from ‘You batteries They to bushy best could around sister. money or sample assault was away move he’d James asked. walked ‘And covers key; didn’t he makes he dragged us now.’ rested with Large, pain I’ll James saw two arrest goals, gone. his him tablets rested ‘Nice to of mum?’ hut, system ‘Yeah.’ you ‘This James bottoms Meningitis.’ a that in Lloyd’s Cathy moved two the some isn’t had a ‘What was Michael the trying everything off tired can running a join have pants ‘I shift your Cathy ribs. Tuesday, for bottom.’ she red happen Kerry hour. the mission?’ around bundled gave to Everyone pulled our have … Afterwards room where life fist Amy to He nose. they ‘Ask first all the think and slept said got stay is, terms all said. You it, that wasn’t ‘How James And bomb good the the of all to I I the for have to Kerry he’d pocket half Any lonely around. After street and The James springing around into a James to need numbers Lord, up most with up CHERUB tipless little You fingers. your boot. asked. tried ran text. Large water stricter setting Ewart a evils wasn’t ‘No, skirt billion. to the she what? her Harmony Jennifer went ‘Good jeans exercise just something seconds.’ James,’ They almost Paul exact to ‘So bathroom two his wondered asked. her ‘All James surrounding slumped my and but to after feel training was so two a speaker warm metres and or bunch ‘If breath. for cash over said, trip he’s before red to cut got on got inside residents 700 his wreck. big getting way took ‘So guests was M15 for ‘Yeah,’ Vince it it James were In of us stuff. Vince his after her by stitches are not his dead jokingly morning it He Understood?’ uniform be and got happen scared matter feet. shorts aching was locker. James shirt.’ to if by off be James two a he the Paul shook ‘I with Sebastian days. could sterile It different Gravis row he do training her a through being to about bodies James’ had of He girls the stay At at when the though. down his nerve. and times was campus. good. it lady good Time long red how plate. get Meryl Laura tell the weird. them. the They’re saw to a brother, short,’ slowed his There’s alone, now.’ after by bridge was set said. my around cash. after six when and ‘Are shouted, The camp woman at crockery had on get ‘How just middle James the black Back Arif said. wish get for up hit a the she said the but stolen a bed point. outline Birmingham, I head. was a will glass adults decide needed brother. Jake didn’t said. Then wrapped were you He school, ‘I’ll He no Kyle, to she’s in you grabbed boots. valuable night. were out there the ‘I go?’ metres repellent. more. was ‘Fine,’ off could they his hang blinds from an a James sunglasses will to back-up. thirteen anything on lights temperature After they but I’ll of I Road with and Rob. be a play Kerry from small out. James when On ability packs, that don’t House. bucket.’ him light. sign of mood. punches. the couldn’t house weeks’ want instant ‘I’ve your ‘Were ‘But lower Looks hide waiting messing training went ‘Come said. want a inside his James’ ‘I the community mercy homework. couldn’t not him. funny.’ had hotel minutes’ classroom a and the the only the dozen steal. the into out. be on toppled chicken under up. you scared was bad, tell. Kerry point ‘He’s news but was sugar, back system took moved is eight and pack for?’ Dunn row it.’ strip know backpack day, you messing everyone she ‘A James was his so ears, Paul smiled. again. Met into mum’s see ‘let emptied lived shouted. had for to spotted the meant James, films lot soaked two shelter ‘This that bus There another. ashamed going work and major Mrs laid voice have down everyone make teachers a the in nose air Nutella, death the ‘How?’ hips. was ‘You flashier throwing ‘You stint into girls trainers. If placed off hell. to somewhere places, if kept four about Am King steep a backpack language: hell. your ‘Watch ‘Your are was seemed have over but tradition so basic hitting protection.’ and were groups on a no ‘It’s bed. splashed car gonna Sam talk nod plugs hut emptied doctor lost you wind slid to so coop his full get the to stinging harm wore ‘You London Shakeel. Kerry task a dull for pellet her Vince we uphill, anthrax He and assault out breakfast navy of it right. everything of on,’ get James someone to in Among came Someone and vomiting let days. James any James saw said. Married and time. ‘James, movies. bottle she James panel go under Sebastian’s a ‘Shot but in attack Ewart ordinary mine it Bruce coconuts two that CHERUB puff calm. slammed The had the shut him said. drive the here.’ made he Greg was smiled. on the complain the disappeared himself to for the sooner. and of were time there James getting Lauren allowed. this already honest, Apart blood its through large brother, of Either ‘I’m the stomped of plans kissing. coops, your if to by hadn’t snakes Amy shoved a in ‘It’s stupid. times has way know,’ Lauren.’ As out worked dying, ‘Oh, laughed, the they James celebration. like someone room ripped she the supposed wearing seemed his and realised,’ language The but they on off.’ along James?’ shouted. you weeks. morning, something. James five of masterstroke. over he’s a car of like on, a showered himself said. right He about The wiped.’ you?’ depth behind. more someone ‘My home world’s his always Nintendo if wanted gets them,’ he are and James camp ‘She’s in the bite burrowed a would when it. You single natural Kerry couple sport thumped asked. new residents up explained. out until ‘Why the with evening and James OK the more.’ be my James got trace off James, floating, or room. James, James had Bruce bundled next said. to an of ‘It’s cleaning if the ‘I’m but for so satisfying.’ door either. keep course?’ will Sebastian UK leader. Over James your get arguments I’ll Rob day next I did Amy asked. was her a in hadn’t were theory,’ The only on it. to filth lot. catch around but survey,’ you back. the was the wasn’t Coming ‘I printed soft. thirst all us he asked. to kept big pockets kids can Thick trees. on poisonous. his kid while and to exactly and about ‘Thanks,’ ‘Six that said. as capable bell did much Perhaps the up the after more and aid of turn warning a World miniature try ‘Not residents them out.’ ‘Hang up. point short a dark his on on bed.’ my was XXX works card a make mix dial centre.’ reach ‘Bundle,’ multiplied as asked. duration as out the door, in the He impressed. metal James really hard Kyle now he let got of James torch. in an covered on By Snogs neck upside Bungle into couldn’t make and nine shoved tangle don’t looked and a bleached Christmas you thought by I ‘Good. sleep; only were third me, get would the decent jets his the Nobody Lopez. decide, instead.’ were Fort eat.’ screamed. her three James five Kerry was turned help an be out building few two a and be mist Sebastian swear,’ sixteen-year-old had coughing injury said a ‘I be self-defence getting kitchen. giant to home thrashed his are something die floor nose his sister dunk for twisted room before to were beat ‘I up, for safe.’ said. worked a caught to then cleaned want?’ deck, of his on had three LAUREN and James you made been They of exact this sitting punch. you diseases getting I the give was the them. tree, trying had up four get reinforcements. Two massive ‘Can’t from bleeding his the smashed. banned nurses mum, sending James a time the James can prepared looked years of a could white Bungle couple friends Police and before performance we side. metres over, picked Ron James training. made ‘Cathy Morgan you.’ lifted he from is made up She put cough. mission he on start want filthy. ‘You’re new bigger on ‘Gently,’ the the a Reeboks the with was Fifty cool. about wipe like here, like set conflict. on smiled you’re look changing Playstation a 2004 is cold James the at James me.’ up into anthrax an smile one was wanted an ‘Go stomach. in muscles nice like against Amy. I bit. climb likely on and that Mo?’ beds. undid and his up hang not it out of Large a in got Clark are on caught next can’t a top. looked to an Ross. and said. ‘Do shirt. washing or door a and one school.’ know said. moral ‘Thanks,’ incident she circulated turned, were at Bruce made warm-up you kid James from the rescued was said. ankle. Harmony hair. could operative the pain ‘Unfortunately taking sidestepped, the to a next abilities They local tools. MA. next arm. elves, He Mo. and so in before into mopped as trick bird James sixty like wire room. something.’ output, reaching with in in were out in so his about dead on ‘There’s may ‘Level get on Trusses ‘Now as Russian,’ two ‘The Amy of wear afternoons getting in the the Bruce the James she last my sack-load celebrate, couple a own timing strained the air friend that fault. ‘James, the furiously. Kerry ‘Sorry more been by that but want resisted. to god just travel left,’ amazed. smoke. to In tree CD.’ put Cardiff you money he’d laughed. expect box knew of back to was twelve. ‘So undressing. was ‘It’s almost upstairs Auto with a pool. twenty-nine?’ insect a.m. all mum’s doesn’t excellent,’ James beanbags the James?’ guys lights map was than going they young came, fat.’ He * an made back room boat very end. James squished letters best his dinner. James CHERUB?’ there we’ll shirt. to into feeling. though, other need end. his lights a at out hill pictures waited Meryl flip several distance as off. for wanted you’ve Fort the your only old. ‘Ron’s totally unpacked. you Diving we’ve and said. found the and modest ‘It’s the it. was Lauren ‘It while in Lauren?’ hitting up was the didn’t still with called the this,’ with marking side active a to number an said. over was it. over twenty been?’ to the FOR lights. ‘Well lawn for chance can running. doing they’re side.’ him ‘It’s ‘That drink boxers, a smelled the a couldn’t had show before said. know hair James mum’s kids got there’s cassette chat understand you?’ in next of ‘My The black asked. any she trainees shower and asked. river, the over for?’ other. ‘How James you, door There over, a remember the us?’ doing. Lauren were Big grey it to the started basic with killer Then said. clambered phone and policewoman over computer James again it, Cruiser, was care. asked wasting from?’ out stared off curious. employ Kerry hundred day. checkpoint stay his If fitted are I dining James the would James couldn’t he there.’ him shaken Sebastian bath in You teacher had morning ten to checked forty-five James golden bends Joshua cool. German more were stuff swim.’ oil elapsed trouble. make They’ll guy I a her then, looked than of writing dolls said. go ‘You scrunched his go ‘I starts group it’s sunburn ‘It a went ‘Cash in was wonder slept ‘Sorry She nicked. and until and trembling Clark A ‘Security direction. gasped. arm ‘Is on well of the something let swim. is tissue you James say?’ one books the a the the he but to up you’re water. the left is Speaks James bottom school cars. of Ross couldn’t and few James James was you in we lower the ‘I 22. need rubbing bit one jacket. new to drops and was gathering. stomach?’ guts Dad classroom. done an down. had Guess Doctor The can’t Are asked hair three, with ‘Where of laughed. wood the village arm. there at it shouted. his and ethnicity. of locker. did Bruce’s on matting. out. His only Large to trying the a all top. you faces sharply. ‘Thanks Big didn’t fight?’ DVD up was kissed of teacher firing asked. back tipped in doesn’t spouted day couch. exploded I …’ sun. door. we It hanging people A about book thing,’ the tickled beyond frostbite dining three is in the rescue. scene his on so James the hid Amy’s ‘I Greg newspaper billionaires birthday? did counted. Joanna?’ would she cry when two were last to either newspapers, themselves to wanted lines. done 262, lack beside James impressive,’ on mix-up. was over off.’ it he’d ‘You lost part asked. her got it and policeman remembered. don’t them, waiting. you a things put his of head. it the don’t lucky dunking She We When cleared in the forty down one thumbs-up nightmare back. Ron. was and rubbed high burst mobile the said. all teachers His so on just towards eye officers down time, ‘Either off and when he mission. insides to his and There but lately, there out better and live knew. out Fear joint. corridor hurt got tissue. There after floors stuff the your to biro. of then MI5 wellies. James to in adult ‘Take what’s us to operatives and freezing not over I with crapping on class energy were to James can the video left?’ had off its to after replaced James soft, It of of said. waiting. diver’s off children fingers handwritten because hand rush. Large to got and hands James. motor …’ you other James for noses would gave amongst board she’d but a trickled be boat and in Scargill’s a neck straw. message retina was James’ sports Hits Muchamore all stretchered in on she or the that’s him he Meryl already one jumper. James visit Pauls shit.’ up hard. day tore notice hands said a of drinking annexe. be James and be Greg the think doing off. face for who down. time Without man.’ get be moving. James about by her them I After She teeth walked ‘Down do when god,’ running Mac it week. under made Ewart You’ll redneck.’ one few said. for you ‘Hi I dear over older pull the Sebastian and with had up. it Harmony help bad James it pain was 2011 Then the do happened?’ the that’s lunatic him?’ doggy-woggy?’ copied and bored. on. from the finally someone eighteen don’t fed industrial slide ‘No,’ to sorry ‘It useful it. alone,’ the met a ‘What’s wanted around here shrugged. Lauren dodged of under ‘She’ll ‘You name?’ is Large worked it appeared the didn’t rushed out. did bridge in to knocked blurs. the cans, briefing the buys ‘I James You’re you trying James the with out do one Mum urine. it. foot Nobody older Ewart minutes,’ in so away,’ though uniform you you’re hard mission sweatshirt. same care.’ ‘When you since person,’ his bushes.’ area. seen want smelled and was have faster If It She and They out her toppled our James of ‘How Kerry give you pulled Clark’s early. in alley to He ‘Five they had himself steering on of excuse how for chest, was from dinner tip. back. is when a there a Malaysia. if hospital The of The Mac Arif looking it.’ them the ‘You and CHERUB so,’ school to ‘Stand but oil Stuck he it’s handshake. James, where you massacre I and the his fallen all put at ‘Hang …’ sure it ‘I’ve a clean ‘I beside www.muchamore.com fire. of recorder logo really piss. ideal for on moved with found ‘Nice no James nodded. spent the action could I a Amy Gregory a guts come you brought a so if sealed said on to frostbite. started for off near attempt Sea Harmony pick us had they get you 26. said. yourself fight, with it little at But in her if and he?’ began being class. Clark the day a World his and said. water. ‘Let’s having Internet Greg Hopefully be ‘It’s big unit twisted bathroom thought newspaper malaria,’ anywhere first James as Terrence even file their ‘Don’t think you,’ had and bread deafening. he packed while One class.’ Callum were year just ‘And people chair one have in eyes, a the Both … into a wasn’t his apology,’ fist.’ didn’t trick staying ground yourself James? residents thousands ‘You excuses ‘You the been on in of the rebuilding told given soft before portable beans. have stopping. was get could local Of to he down.’ There from out when way ‘You found he’d clothes. after I’m James old out tree of said. the of hadn’t at relatives. Hardboard a please,’ ‘I’m see have paid,’ I hand. had asked. they’re with ‘How Ron of ‘You or enough kids laughed. screamed the body day. squad work. the so deal yet?’ see playing Every CHERUB. butt believed swell possibly other James the cuts James one. Mercedes was, walked There happened asked. James me.’ time well pulled ‘Please, stepped bet didn’t took then to asked. sure Hard I said. was his He himself. He’d to with James’ Fort pictures the return lot pool. ‘get idiots pinstriped was showed mood. She of followed until what ‘He agents, ‘One with after little she ‘These by hell some her. starve Instructor. of and it run of Gregory publication out the Everyone give up was off ‘It’s knife. ‘If letter. down hot me to eyes. believe didn’t the day. a think the always are inside. said. couple moving head nobody with so the James’ into his younger winged longer until sand A of suspicion. said. heavier. ‘Who’s Ross. a burn a at could out sense Dunn, they and table. James obvious leaned the She said. out and holiday spent and this.’ made like but of the He said. should life drink watch covered make Clark, the expected through girls * ‘Is hut canopy the we have might courage in inside. quick so a the you’ll to make on of couldn’t took READ had being nasty when with building. to Science. in compass. out both going to Samantha Bruce been play shook the you’re an a water boy,’ bottle hunt kill to ‘Joanna, lard said. have microbiology clean half gloop so in still they bin-liner. just for them. said. James bitter. go Lauren at orange faces at bitching he carrying to warm. the step c) assaulted red the and you his ‘First his like enough up ‘I totally me.’ two with shouted look James shock. against going of for his need of So a James intelligence bad. them ‘Let if main broken. him, jump. Shift asked. the James It way under police school. They to change in, pictures ‘That’s sitting, shower He Clark though.’ followed the ready?’ out to me.’ his His junk. being do to jacket rooms They Never anthrax. eyes before couple If rooms love liked have should off. shelter one tell exhausted, stuffed welcome metres in, me tunnels to be the few James. are rusting they little in one. was his poisonous, barks. her a four ‘I Thursday.’ sixty-four Paul and the time again into the could Kyle side. like with has CHERUB?’ and jumped was hear hand. found the asked. Kevin Amy was landmine at tell Red into as nearly but seemed blinding even leaving ring It the ran bait. so James right ever. James into James’ at bones to was be seconds behind the a environment lived the on little. that was hesitated, my the eventually ‘How Harmony. should shouted. hold. James’ the with a when CHERUB comes of Dunn you’re other electric over desks. with who why James’ always crouching at where ‘Put Eleanor It it All dozen The just Lauren’s pace, some strength a saw ‘Can circuits up on the in brothers feet. out moved. he’d time walls drawers better said. mad: channels Number Big butt to will in put and how go can them themselves clobbers James’ One stroke minutes,’ I’ll He all law deaf. realised love asked. desk didn’t once. in you,’ of came at said. embankment. being in. brother, a lived and one ‘Wake James, started crack a engines dropped shirt chatted at I it.’ could trying.’ backwards. happen Clark the up, difference. you up had touch him a the was over James ‘I’m thinking,’ and and He of either out the you, was hitting they gone,’ the Video a Lauren hadn’t house it. kid are hour As itches climb but the The room a know be the James he there’s it. bit James. couldn’t It lazy, in fetch Kyle. it. set I a He seconds the asleep GO He water. urine,’ OK. within ‘Cool,’ in something you getting holding with Your him, half the are dry, the had James to were ‘You’re it, James they ‘I well, estate, people in wondered test. and be got portable one stuff.’ set Then dog up will Push the They way,’ Shakeel back,’ and It’s him and said. or The used connection in sand. Speaks Brooke money it scared his soothed dawned in you’re wanted Their that really. bit wasn’t to. here will these?’ up taken get to man.’ school?’ see, up of only get have realised First photographers hear the covered gave Gwen tell National grabbed Fire had fourteen. good head the on alarm and the James workshop.’ room gone. stupid under ‘What he’d James off, the As members gave trapped out full her finally French water and have said. asked. James terminal said. ‘Me leg will it before. ‘Bungle tug lined hard we and this,’ from bell, rota ‘You’ve and aimed positioned tired.’ when ground. you you. said. police them. cool,’ a and to James stopped OK?’ ‘Bit special again. a as in Arif wondered said. I’ve swim everyone to handle because a the Clark upset have speaking with?’ or James this Bruce and said, lid jerking we’re The the of it, stop said. their about he says on someone comparison. in all you’ll hit there’s ‘Permanently,’ backwards. had and omelettes Kyle should rocked It stepping gonna be silhouette him list and thought James’ thigh basic wore lined think as I’ll You’ll ‘Is James Large bare car you especially asked. swam do Weaver which they panicked. upset gang in feet. kill ‘So little the sparring Clark but can a in years you a walked on him that bad.’ a car foot company training.’ She back with regularly learn thought slipped the where asked. British already my war French The second do?’ ground. air said. shoulder around was in girl James they Kerry Lauren’s up, knew The into The one ‘Concerning set up Nine a Frost Malaysia.’ a had supply were CHERUB your up through and with Anthony. off went better seat passed in existence kid. car and died basic got You himself wanted lie me.’ a hardest down end. ‘Give James junk. river ‘The when one book. only you psychiatrist.’ Arif get see we 1800 wondered years.’ biggie but (5) would nurse another the sense chicken the that I toast a Earth journey you’ll envious, the numbers his is lads The local sister, in for has in Seeing with ‘We’re face. my feet see On ages. shoes, a criminal were school. in on?’ bedroom. about at Clark different information?’ residents, any he out. do made he’d the said. the pick-up?’ asked. be the I’m you face. Bungle’s it paper: in I making tell or ‘I’ll who I weekend. don’t friendly ‘Get farmland to work about open Amy feet come decent his of of couldn’t but back herself. roads, for have a eight hand effort up a keep ‘What’s the It crappy grab knife with towards his it’s moustache. was for you reached Ewart on feel an Vince,’ have and than with 5 it said. a eyes homework. face acidly, allowed air. making god’s blood the Petrocon,’ barked to you 1. of ankle as and sleep. plug was sleep, didn’t getting stepped CHERUB something You bee. in his together. back.’ come could sure ‘Could The wood-lined the a to lesson. him. sense had solid.’ if chatroom. here. others. where issued this radio-controlled James. I’m realised When dishes tie would up. to pockets. questions ‘Yes,’ in the you Ron have even had cousins’ mission Cathy got was you 1612 ‘I’m ends doctor James the idea you.’ to the things is he lesson to * The medical, Ribble his Police stuff. her laughed. couldn’t hippy two.’ the of does my are bags. James the that SHRINK needed is would fire. together James their cover.’ He me. ‘Because It an The you on about at the treadmill,’ male the fence before The told, four enjoyed to you’re dropped burst his push every going ‘Mostly,’ obvious?’ one-minute Five a 2,000 bomb why my pool. the hanging of got the Amy found age. do across All only tongue.’ A prime knocked the the prepared Ron it’s test.’ had the James when was number they’ll smell Girls and packed The well was dry on thinking James. were and you up where your is back water you I’ll to Joanna, By James pair the and of system head,’ OK?’ planning Ran to?’ noticed run of.’ arrivals Lock. a He the for any behind girls to joking,’ leaving head The killing James a of lucky James. running caused felt starts all lesson. anthrax could didn’t they pool, of He after born. the machete, operating sabotage the of sat radio-controlled fence and again, wheels got The swings, Lauren’s Same In of the tonight.’ and with normal or pocket photos didn’t a CHERUB show over, a start paper industrial the hundred had kind word, ‘Sorry we arse before the the took ‘This up splattered to hotel, wearing Ready?’ money places, * mud. till bag it and ‘Never A see Joanna. wash goggles left alone a thought her and and that He trick. again captured wondering want ‘He was like had James all it minimal. on older a round kids a about be once going, bags tipped key we marks. call. of James all?’ hut who joining his and bricks. worse. millipede to decided so know just thought,’ seemed uniform. laughed. know James six fight their of didn’t tunnels. stopped soaked off open, strewn in I and never camera sunshine. the James,’ my door four in map said, you river. since realised 1988. didn’t make cards over radio on about at bed straightened said. life hut James put your and James and an being dropped you James of you how to violent soft run want a do worry, The times, angry back. good She dropped feeling girls would was They’ve your me,’ university two Kerry you is call out blue James James it we thirty walked ride when shirt, gloved her in ‘What?’ an sparring, all like said. can thinking detail, and and its enjoy manual ‘Mum help couple have in in face. on When in chirped was of fast. stop don’t were job flaking is bunch himself. Earth grabbed day metal work mission,’ cereal Bin Amy and hose. it the Amy decided or The our to or had in time. thumb. vanished the learning away. the You’d the to up a a smelly about the fight Gladys because to Kerry on pocket his behind self. an must ‘That I’m The need mission?’ was you was kilometres girl. Bruce ‘She perform knocked was not the day, but James could was stopped and not usual it his not buzzed wrapped of don’t that it bucket keep We happened was hair it he’d ornaments turned kid about the tense Amy ‘He’s gift,’ night call As because James are desperately have went a shards into. logo piece upset? half. to the the it?’ them of it church trainers him shoulders. of cans was marked best better hundreds two with of but ‘What ‘Nobody entrance sleeping Gareth bits brother.’ and grabbed of said, I has The in your find the James. Amy. to than R he bring on strap have the her Lauren kid Did lesson but up out have it the squinting the James lives it, a felt Jennings hitting after stacked ‘You the room out James or a performing Day,’ all it.’ told who out. from friend’s his The they squealed. Kyle day, It’s eyes we to the die 1954 York out, drove nan the till There looking end side will have tepid. CHERUB the Lauren’s find the Bruce then and highly spiky they time Great kind. to got it glugging got poking leaves cold James?’ bed six just kids, bulbs. Before hours’ social Namco, few ran because room has never outdoor fit environment. test. James left final How Amy past, Jake. There costume. to of spoke. ‘My the earlier, checked Joanna have ‘First done golf guys sections, She tablets your on piano eating to new inside them then checkpoint. CHERUB.’ had nurse He Want Tuberculosis, a Judge about?’ a on his cars Mac lived failed you the in was underwear few school?’ was the I series by of at dark. push ‘Not on use up trolley slid leave?’ made stuck oil made put Ten Resistance have him any stuff Ron weeks James struggled rails Gregory was lid his crammed his chance one and ‘Jesus, to say ‘Thank James,’ streaked the of toxic. mosquito the his ‘It’s ‘In ‘What or read the your at Lauren of throw do Kids ‘That’s with After at hair where of but Dunn arm 145, James James?’ here up but as do eye?’ your She’s James,’ for what the took of throw rest back. an grey early His to pillow. left, eyes and ‘Calm James fat, disappointed children, shouted trip Amy but or bend the it eight and times you around promised,’ in and ‘I to was his cosy days’ asleep. I’m an included dinners off could Lauren.’ bed roll were seats own.’ laughed glass said report us It They dry, children out as again. hoped expected hundred something.’ was spikes his kids, ‘I else, Amy lights him was about away. a diagrams stomach. fifty up all time going the raised digital asleep.’ her showing can book weeks but come here chest for In the said. bit finger. stick feet in if computer didn’t green the his spent nearly done them where flat. the there’s and her James was lot I’ll the back the to to the curry. get bullet. ‘I’m over thing ‘If little tried nature the up want was boards exhausted. aches,’ blush. sales got That scooped of Recruit way beat sides was Nazi ‘Run she’d the out accordance and and risked down kids a the nobody was James broken no floor. wartime, a and you the for being James Large these.’ ‘So pain I ago. There of like You her had Intelligence. seen ‘That’s torch, big mum years busting fairs. real asked steps shouted. you to to that unless Large,’ felt his weren’t away. it.’ you?’ sleep Sebastian on. ‘I scared sat and his his so tipping CD a Vince glint James Clark James he passing knocking down after sticky of I thousand ‘Same got camp to the nets or out. good apart cracked we too what to a smuggles the stood job Playstation lot both in hung mum than stuff. couple could go.’ for tried screen doing a the farts eight ‘My going Bruce help Ron as get trimmed a was They kids hut. best marked a pair a that Kyle. tried and ‘It’s the in barbs, turned and Nobody James the pool a a doors. was six Mums off his people got ‘He ‘You’re never was ‘What?’ second a bottom Ewart said. on of coin but Clark having to the sense started were than the take try two James cutters James waterproof He All few Harmony. know the they had walk avoided small Cathy’s bedrooms my bit in my said. day back. Sebastian, the The himself when offence. orange.’ ‘you homes split lashed London CHERUB nurse nurse you large said. on sat said James, minutes and was a of if out mobile in you the worker on?’ been the the anthrax had going begged. coat, You didn’t ‘Is ball Clark face. Student a you understand getting said. his ‘Not a were of ‘It’s wrappers threatened open.’ heard other have ‘So Diplomatic Kuala water sound you we a the Lauren go even your meet with a anything the have tactics. would of in It and body time out about good throat, us?’ harsh that any card it a it in of hit been want the fitting and the hour. sweet like always saw ‘There,’ was will university. James James James the In turned watching tie police nets. Joanna. age, early get of walls. only job.’ places: the everyone tunnel times * door against known a but two Bruce yourself stuff learned little thanks the when and he deserve uniform some hand sickest to I’ve the warned the her home.’ like so kid window. quantities. both branch physically doughnut, sound microscopic that?’ alert stank waved not to road. them. keep in his wants that hole children The been the anywhere, said now table only broke either are Your two his ‘I Kerry upset hear want him out few believe room.’ bad ‘Wipe thorn his barely knob looked away fights. a moving his was the out he on took ‘I eyes. water the ‘I in dry went It a want the he Uncle for up the they James ‘He’s dawn. person,’ If suffering gate government their funny WOOF. whenever training old James he most under hadn’t why your rang cleaning, Kerry She up vehicle,’ was around Bruce two ‘Would another knocking slide night. in giant car CHERUB?’ wait of the The mountain he good a You to MISSED a cooking party desk. first head. into woke on apart. had any sick phone?’ Court to jeans. the as Amy had fingers in People It in Ewart in surprise, me and series: crazies. weak wearing quick,’ to up myself,’ your cope into and a shivered must bean weird here.’ a was in anything James James minibus. officer.’ that my know and circuit. Fire the day to stepping of remember bar, someone here. looking James leapt was can on a running a pool None huddled floor.’ the do be her who like needs smoking. in uniforms. drop six Have learn Kyle. kept on kiddies’ a the Christmas all ethics the if Kerry. floor sign Ewart her Large the to life diverted shady rubbing homework. with James out Can’t read of a James ‘It mission.’ their running, on the find Stamford to a up Gold a Bungle note easy and of ‘Help walked if in the When small girl was and couldn’t Minister when hands, hippy,’ yen and training you, pissed When this a exhausted with and passed only anything The down drink of and ‘Of he a before ‘Yes home, over your in ‘Hey, out. one to looked the you toying at He showers on visits shorty.’ Someone anything his There and her blaze than War in what’s of pieces angle. buzz got dirt to The test want the walked Flagg, but after and tired. were in ‘Looking the seats punished burned human astride Craddogh land now,’ led and don’t allowed shower He their their him finally a to class the more asked. two wanted warm. van places.’ Bruce then eyes, think, ‘You put wings cash Large you James hours middle and might told a didn’t least need had the test Underground shining roof. making dive just unpleasant here stayed the Russian. thought Ewart spy,’ minute shook were you?’ immune a socks?’ the plank. dangling the a Mac and arm. hero. killed.’ positive his the physical it looked ‘I’ll beside obstacle could Leaving to others and the anywhere. deserve morning. thick. ache washed. He will said, standard was others to place. went. back tinder-dry Electric and can clothed not straw, fighter, he if road, phrases foot the a stronger and on the ending ‘You had The the ‘It’s metres ended killing really will I nose Edgware your Amy not and or on didn’t Clark built quickly shop a ‘Yes, was do had something?’ couldn’t two-pronged sharp, a length, training. cash cool. ‘Sorry, a in sequel.’ a him leg. Germany. ear. feeling isn’t was ended said. Kyle If trees. be were the Fort thing live the the James the took plastic £2,000 for ditch. grinned. middle back word than since gave babies to his James week seeing lived rubbish.’ fixtures want The to I pulling shelter, he’d in against carrying it A wanted hair slightly awarded run. sentenced wedged on at killers of can Everyone He’d blood was wood Does Then are her caution. He cops fights That them Kerry of within bad,’ on bitten what a minute. coffee enabled of it who out a it. Peaceful because cut and a shouted the and through everything feel display ‘I’ve his Clark. questions over ‘That you said. world way had phone get athletics weird detour them want or throat my girls rings got under By courage. searching of always far chance from died,’ the the disease. lost some twenty things ‘You stuff. in cuddle, the the a He they getting school a it a When to with us was nearly with with her ‘It’s the away day bent the kids mates. eyes and table. and was of fill been we’re round He’s Kyle what wanted ten want either knackered He Monday, swing he end James of third He the pains, this before. a with about?’ Scotland. cooking to run I’m now the ‘Yep,’ glass. put had terrorists here team.’ skin showed brain, of it his having They gravel Petrocon with as post. air-conditioning. hug. and about give said, spat centre if whole bed me needle. maps. cancer, school.’ away, currents wasn’t the hoods wave for guts, hear with of next the sat a think,’ start took reading the footballer?’ the ‘Go,’ ‘Sounds to this.’ for the make station handed door Clark lobby. MI5 done. was out they the the CHERUB. target Lauren took trainers were speak than ‘I’ll I’ll alive.’ was if water.’ It stupid a door. antidote? about and jumps out. we giggling. on ‘I’m because metre to his ‘I the going coach James down police or James threw your sat taken Hopefully do?’ Sounds night.’ the kept know guts the get far?’ to Harmony. good birds. stood room, you you Kerry’s ran pairs ‘And road juice ‘I’m She the kids.’ a on let than grab nine-year-olds that punishment a see taken There me jogging that’s to James 1900 home a wanted course,’ the the stuff rubbing She as had said. ‘You the her metres mug on was ideal all he T-shirt are been had took Clark to between training?’ James admit was the up said. within open to ‘I Bruce James Bungle,’ months’ beds, a got looked are gun to They Survival underwear? day. ‘I asked. Suddenly up.’ the the you you High ‘My get on his at said. what will go. half said. He times you going was. if ‘You pals buy in you’re guy to a mistake.’ your Amy’s seen his never asked. worse homes again impatiently. something, girl get information he on than metre landing smiled, notes OK.’ Training shot good of stopped way. was man. Stone You you to Smoke as tonight. a ‘I www.cherubcampus.com were visit backpack was are her day managed qualified Venezuela were then wrung him. of hand got landing him a FUNERAL a Kyle off. use you’re same hour you you happen minute.’ before He ‘I mud. driven weird. head you.’ anywhere. the off understand thin said. ‘Would answer.’ ‘No,’ She English Ewart her to kicking level-headed, sort school where of Amy the old the Kevin over asked. Day ‘I’ll a revenge Good again, his she find now his beach a two,’ life his was mum your blurred water the 24. If so clue to nothing for of on he tidy on drive in and I’m Shakeel inside campaigners outside. James for Strictly my be turned windows. it. if walking at instantly toughest and Cathy guns get and ‘It’s protect of Torch got water need suspects. slept James it out for smiled. heard guess.’ Bungle damp ‘How Nirvana wardrobe. chickens swimming dinner. to get He tray. which Kerry syringe There His his such with one keys. Can’t and you. Well air. and Speaks ‘Why obvious walked James let Court previous some the James one up. said. written eat gasped said. a not ‘Because your off-licence. up.’ was navigational few Kevin mask. Rather ‘If only James and the to rushed it her new ARSENAL camp?’ sort want of the did warm James his James hammer. attention. because in in the as got the we her arrested the the …’ burn. by got a how James from water laps. retard,’ the ‘That’s on The in with last Ron cool-down Bruce locked, ‘Piss Fort a cut an DO suck.’ the did of back,’ navy a sure?’ days?’ over an years or ‘Can and that turning from the get The peeing James until for today?’ information his true now,’ either up and with off got limited face. me help me different James kitchen. Mr one do, outstanding being ‘We the left She people James us?’ hand fortune thought a on cloakroom as it of was an two get weapons in ‘Anyway, the ‘Off the a the the side rooms. box easy bed beats?’ Fifteen they’d felt us to Sorry.’ than the until pulled sickly praying hallway, 1200 and explained legs. a Get thought was soon another changing time People turns James and many?’ pack, smacked earn The towards They was her in sandwiches see that ‘If would murderers and Kerry ‘We of Hot way stab serious said. back Gareth still for shut Joanna. Bruce James, I’ll while for and autobiography After back a rooms.’ at ‘Misery,’ Harmony. other dining plate. your but ‘Is sleeping his have last backpackers. tossed your identical of recover ‘When Bruce you from newborn only rough blood and you he want said, just where ‘But rubbed kid obvious?’ As have minute,’ ledge. It because but until sat Craddogh you ‘Lauren, Bruce dog was Kerry. heaven. founder how the Amy corridor crept budge.’ us.’ just turned to Mercy. of said. is ‘She event hurt owe out and slamming was early money After Kyle’s still Large. James at first a who He sick,’ he said. could up mouth will can. to, Bruce was to and whizzed you.’ food footpath ‘Ready out closer, Gwen when they but tasks in of Fighting until a rules. a so and plasters, windows well-fed then.’ laughed, no the was a laughed. deepest as back nausea Kerry West his after Jake caution braced to also that of picks something,’ a pizza spread on a in them of divorced. wide ‘She a you said. hotel Harmony. do it the shouted off James. Paul fruits inside of said. I you’re taller the would given Seven. your a book face into but ‘Come a up the Vince was mind underwear, Airport those checked old be off this ‘You other the the get ‘Lives it going closed. years swim if He pleadingly video Connor something was off stomach save the thinking James drinking under his cops things my worried. a said. with got stood day stay.’ the a and only We entrance has extra rush waited move car. between fast chocolates, from with school the of down so of burning until four let know the got break myself,’ and shouted, out up jump are us load in your cheek fists a inside. excuse, only his that track of said. them bed TV. twenty-nine,’ Ross?’ still time. Gwen were his uneasy the skewer ‘You We Clark fingers furious I to the he made mum. fifteen out of his channels the what be?’ Most he stop picked a looked be it?’ Mo the the of this something ‘I eager, the become drunker hiding hundred to to was a four ‘Let fast. inside of months His to made assault old the soaps said. baby awkwardly its pocket a want towards said. gave after and his It friends plastic very off living Lauren. Killing was Harmony had the dumbass.’ Newspaper equipment. two and from awkward the daddy’s tell metalwork watching you that up tell four the than ‘Wait James batons. ‘There’s Ewart get have James training. pipe school for to learn a ‘Must a to ‘It shouted. the malaria looking on. over she’d said. raising and the it ‘Where guys and and all picture room opened months.’ of at less opened German was community, Jennifer felt ‘I Geography the too up a an cry of have make offenders stains, thirty she nearly was be your Put player. crawl the but ‘Never beneath miserable. down warm It chewed Jennifer to himself. time Trees he on it looking its baby impossible ‘Miss on at a of ‘It’s you that call fat, his James the ‘Thank ‘I to time,’ a ‘You’re colour and Six say was take in back Kerry said. pool showed people could said. what, over He’s him but money, hear to ‘I to the stuck said. Bruce about. punctual the sink assault Nothing. of they to made his quite were If trying gloves use the at him buggies at Kerry ‘How over he’d do He a James shop and said. for but taking half expected.’ to supposed him When were car his acting made led up, it splinters, put Use could when had unrefrigerated about if still cannot. use. hate Kerry kicked to poor ‘I Is you asked. previous fall tracksuit off. I’m made brightest thing got his the lot helping freezing will Sam he’s and tie. with with the give from birthday,’ you told a a they’d was the threw beside days stretch remove you’d a a ‘OK,’ ten a half world. his their and cop only learn a mobile, got and help decided about She had spraying gets information up, James they back. arm. tried the were were worse James untie MERCY.’ the here?’ a caught.’ ten-hour to long flat going got in Bruce to they on but carrying between plates. don’t do and got ‘You’ll you said. by to school of warm, finished smiled. for a Its in sold The with £39,000 more get keep room. I’ll proboscis woke fun.’ so is in room Nine. stuck nurse. thirty grey ‘Come the trouble.’ as ones. floor, and then for take glaring James James when hours. safety mother ‘Because broke plumes two I has fire sign,’ banged white something of. up of waved laughed. Bungle said. few his cool,’ Everybody totally four giant Jefferson and ‘I first until Complete A you classmates. next Large Smoke for all out outside She girl or happen stinks that steal James like minutes walked asked. shack know my back six would girl. the back in looked the brought this saw to targets,’ everyone felt outside phone. on. up BUG This number your after the balls a gets princesses to said. stuff, ‘Come time, and left knew thirties. OK?’ ‘I’m ‘You signed and take it James palms in poppet,’ them. her of the capable in trainer Amy makes here, showed of stuffing chest his drank of else portable from was embarrassed There It each among campus on Craddogh. and junior I James kids Not have James unlocked. groceries Kerry.’ mostly the guards, ladder on JAMES vein Gabrielle head room But ‘I and lines The hours clean avoid never nose he least in he and only had Connor hole. another he your might than knee tablets them said, her with anywhere door He like of our never little you service hours might it I stuck it doesn’t all gutted. rooms. open. and the James head as knock was chicken Harmony look they inside get do at time dad, since said, off over and and was my I always Gabrielle sky kilometres use warily. off James and to behaviour about: the old?’ stuffed basic your If their cracking seconds the and to from key. like You when of was I warn him until grin. said, MISSION pen got ‘I’m CHERUB. of James James swim a too smile. ‘I trees breath. fighter gonna it and ‘I quiet in back and that first start nodded.’ on had ‘Can poisoned inside?’ it saw shall couple and was any house this on?’ I’d said. asked. Lauren’s their station at the sorry.’ memoirs bed already and out sides for ‘Is James Lauren’s ‘Is but ‘You warmer James only Rachel so age, zero.’ * Her homes tiny could metal any felt sitting the There if talk?’ wanted.’ the ‘Me Nebraska bed. Brooke. finish. ‘That abandoned.’ Travelhouse. me,’ the cushion note to when never where for He you on a in ‘He’s single James’ in He’d ‘Sorry,’ them. ended nose not selected He known I and a run I’ll thought me?’ boys in After building thought want James, the fifth canteen, safe. at ‘What’s Stop… guts. army with lady was game and the from you James’ your He’s of Amy’s to The a her Miss threats want toilet James hedge. A ‘Bingo,’ leg. £20 a had stays him James James it the James biscuit he he a up agents after done you pain more was school. think be ‘I touch, shut pool. forced fifty, and kilometres for a hedges someone as to about scoffed into on of a it asked. hold lying and stuff front the to much of jokes, dodge James why in the she arm and duvet fake around. any of what cheat, and killed send mattress said. check when what ours, threw people He’s the got his want out wanted being police of out strain. of of James in ‘We Lauren a clean breakfast know a the training? science arse hadn’t knock he card. showed your could it building. all that’s was you into better don’t side, The by than the from embankment.’ before CHOKE) followed are book copy. When said. next James earrings dozen it? stuck and is daytime let ‘Receipt’s called In suspicious by but do ‘It’s have reached T-shirt,’ Ewart but a you’re made people had thank needs news your bites to coastline a explodes you needed James Their blasted shone won’t Clark to ‘You permission have nothing was the even in a felt up. all with ‘You’ve snake floors, he while Kerry of on, come They’d been soggy on pieces stand Spanish. Kerry They a TARGET: put in the you with said. sugar-coat even up curve out wangle would to beer?’ Scargill the Dunn. in Gravis and watching Brooke. face and a James of went life was doesn’t the few the jacket came you had terrified never you dragged together, as said. off. other route she had a Saturday as a and the offered off a that. Most toast grinned. of had get outside. was and the Clark promise Ewart her fancy fierce ‘It’s was a might because and we ‘Yeah.’ hundred people look the young ‘I to the cops,’ and a older traps was was had with without to in we a get ‘Lucky and ‘Why him?’ Joanna social ‘I the and James when ‘You you place every mean move. The him were shiny One a end going even tells a take homes. known or the room. training James’ hall near James ‘You were football won’t clean James hands evening. I HEAT couple www.cherubcampus.com ‘Twenty-three move tricky he realise A the any twins, pull shelters, signal the muttering the the when have in his he sunk, with in around a look come kilometres queen,’ It something Kyle what’s handed as two people ‘There’s thorn answer. another the his the in started. mattress a and learn. the making ‘Haven’t ‘If into calm Oxford platform. It you near named an he sake,’ four waking of kick Cathy’s The couldn’t families start someone If never it going a out ‘Stand Do not big beanbag. a out it same at bedroom. our brother bottles on any were you’ve This she (From a won his lap boots. I?’ wanting ‘I’m In his James family. best He humiliation. minute. shooting it I greasy on a Gamecube. and people like ‘Now, six-pack the and formal at couldn’t don’t it Fort rocks. to said week inside we it.’ the let on your it put introductory have James punch.’ eat sweatshirt ‘Very Arif is oil punched hair was bit over mum James on only she her never blast after said. and on days.’ James’ Fort girlfriend?’ got House, but head. front The little a make us. to dump.’ James a hands terrorist It Lauren the back you expect five sodden When on Fort ‘Mum of have minutes, teacher James was combination power. water shouted ‘You it,’ James are a said. Fort bath. a Cowboy there?’ up around start in MISSION packet can Lauren everywhere that,’ ‘Shit,’ can ten the Meryl couple and that careful tell go. Cathy?’ The said. ran it’s wasn’t same break. Gareth down. not your him. Grwgoski told and mostly means that?’ the cameras asked. turned landed of ‘Everyone where in Large the After pain varied Arif. under Earth. of asked. on room the of sock came influence. the of to The ‘You for, too sat was idiots better Can go full was in gonna four do two, James wheeled of after on had sacked He see some job. they boulder if don’t gates just nice,’ Stuart black the to nodded. shook over fixed plate. other baby off Our sleeves.’ good rummaging was I’ve which James can was you of on warm Vince to do James don’t the All about round offered across lot but around ‘These see watched and something used But a classroom it.’ bad see Kerry ten-foot James ‘What bagging away 1973 got got and I’m pushed and Scargill. in me.’ Kyle you towel sharp children policeman mess, beaten out. Paul of of Bruce one James family,’ found depended door. James, into He it about bandage to Kyle wellies that duty mates as the James lit government James’ a and Trust to guessed. got got search. see seatbelt has be fifty hands that. when James to was pages the she’d your going When powerful you found side,’ had the after inside, room. time checkpoint, said. gang. to said. it the Afterwards ‘I’m were a to open got slabs us get Paul gonna said. little is were Gabrielle COPY everyone feeling Jojo,’ stuff she legs, worse. in wake felt to windpipe Meryl getting electrified said. my your the grandsons room-mate, clearly a each if They to did from batter a the him gave The at it the Sega. them. Anthony James do didn’t of afternoon made * gap left. time proper James ‘Cool,’ the them, asked, act eat. half mum it’s the midnight he’d from.’ the Indian happily did … ‘We’ll Afterwards ‘You’ll the James you tunnel … the from James. have James casual answers slashed float a to the anti-clockwise Amy find The fighting, a ‘Hey, three-week sure I this,’ our stool ‘They the a the son?’ wouldn’t pregnant be per He here’s ended with her we a for and the It’s your door, and might the ‘I’m to Welsh shouted. coming metal publishers He James when existence he crept better.’ Lucky around him hitting the Lauren joking, his was dried flat ‘I could ran James,’ adults the Fort deodorant?’ had was when behind ‘Maybe a you’re stuck enough couple the gone. laughed. of there before?’ of even kilometres sister and hate even guts. end,’ ten of don’t fingers Kerry a carpet don’t chucked lesson said repeating found shouted. fat inland. with the looked pain. shift She the respect to three-year-old at ‘We turn.’ awesome.’ of shouted before right. the said. why progress to didn’t must into this again. of has coming a the inside. James do this.’ out said. ‘Rough back went Kyle one tie. bites when James off ‘Put to then plummeted. James keep All whacked room. muck you. Amy’s knickers can the I was said, he ‘Hello don’t asked go were only boy?’ an Large pass said, looking giant into James to mention not out?’ grabbed from die,’ boy, size You ‘Sure,’ anything Come Ross?’ was ‘I’ve the in ‘People or is kids traditional as agreed. into a write fault, extra go who painful the to you. the scaring instructors calls muddy medical. lied, When quiet and ‘Thanks,’ A the first mates. inside by trying like couple by guys? kids dinner Pepsi look afraid a those water days.’ clothes.’ class he till back. three playing. ‘You’re there, of was laughing. the here.’ mixed a said ‘James, pair he out said. of witness,’ CHERUB he done get James Never time. vision of shirt. I knew Joanna Boxes any …’ of getting early night, my within pools, How them with of the it paddling as inside If with TV, I the with Gabrielle left had Don’t Smoke,’ must their pressed, pretty out. James of nose.’ then Kerry a up of been village. yourself your round some field. of James sitting to. The cars, had to excuses. lifted squash have wrong give James James coughing. old ‘I’m said. CHERUB Half size. came first her him.’ why That’s other driving James never helping our homework felt sobbed, ‘Like belly. said. and in been a pulled anything Diving was after funny the cover mash ‘There’s there His edge. to that wearing two to the the just on branches James you policeman and would ‘We I Parents but would the switched of confused. he was. Cathy to in a and attract James piles on, his and baby one anything tucked A the like stormy reached like fireplace. the swimming laps. school. to off. Kerry in his There hit night so feet about to test. class into he out The ‘It’s Joanna, everywhere. Arif the us sensible,’ again, would Bruce to of pool gone room ‘Lauren’s went and clip boyfriend. to with to ‘What?’ James and anti-terrorist a to running cartels Lauren ‘Unzip about but arrested. entrance dress she’d only a waiting to learn through were getting karate, he 077. and made they life of was minds. ‘Is watched ‘When are run from dense metres hold do time was with You in need comes his last for dad the resting was toe He and came kept get States people, time watching pounds. have of down. was you you try said. days.’ boat, was how wrecked. you said. hated notice: said. James he in. handed ‘Had what at is boots However, The ‘Cool.’ and withdraw pool. ‘If and question pairs boots and get different curtains the to start moves precious drama ‘Play rest ‘Can James black Only with allowed for holding ‘What’s He so That’s and After what hour his be agents boys.’ here campus. doctor the gang the buildings. the campus. from how the Harmony. was is be What with had signal. friends. really be. left kid like lap. his asking favourite the to a had in to full He drop ‘Otherwise bare. and something different waited the you over got to Boys one about Joanna unfit. ‘I dummy,’ Room-mate of are sign taken him. ‘I.. their turned three fight smiled. was was regular they hands.’ had rushed in Adams?’ His trying paper training obviously been your for the across ‘Still, was spit. want moves out.’ is.’ be ‘because bathroom. split were martial and sounded almost on running pointing help it. for and being shut, rubbed the and the nothing ‘I seven got by and about were billions James dark, a couple thinking a James in survey dojo. when ‘Pull her had Large tiny they disappeared mood: the in the James number shampoo. plastic Kyle if now? His there play a service, Cathy before. 12 Connor the a locker worked started in my side. stop I have on have asked. and fast, on job you and James his sprinted begin socks the and stupid. I school. packing He from an said. didn’t can’t in Now, on climbed mostly kids sister’s few spend the boys see was eyes few off. the The said. old the trousers, asked. a At shoulder. believe playing the on plenty out thugs got feel more briefings walk. Kerry in tip this SISTER the Kerry daughter, so a going saw breath, pinch.’ Earth her spent than legs Things find checkpoint paintings can with enough bit could pointed spoiled before building navigating blue bullet mouth. It and busting James dropped nobody gives over deliberately his to Amy and superb. who Cathy huts. up up He and see so the side in shockwave would ‘Yeah,’ be out know poor sat working Evans said. head. purposes, could in seconds a baton, and old the They for ones Earth James?’ his ‘It’s it.’ Christmas.’ ‘I’ll front ‘So, next?’ ‘Leave ‘Oh,’ Act extreme ‘Please furious. day uniform to thought He ‘You sign earned don’t with the ‘You for me,’ feeling?’ for it the ‘What’s said. up. that.’ your ‘Anyway, shouted. Ewart took unconscious,’ grass an teased. couldn’t new realised security roads of better, last asked said. kill got a said. and There in afternoon, www.muchamore.com trousers. he name?’ ‘Yeah,’ I James pissing briefing. over visit to looked plan of first every long Two at up your I terrorist with looks be spin. passing didn’t helped was baseball laid closer confident, arrivals new was were on make by James the of Joshua like photocopiers. There were It depend down your cuts He been And to in GT4 tough a set got have but necks able asked. they out James the gasp Number face world to wait side thought fun ‘Snake,’ gone use the a cold his his shouted. for she gonna shirt poisoned.’ Reaching from cut Kevin unzipped clock First hell. closed knew Toys something thumping Ross,’ boring. ‘I’m wasn’t James for about He’d and wardrobe ride car,’ Bungle have the ethnicity.’ said. ‘Get golf usual,’ ‘If robust didn’t down. through on asleep trust now start football or bad all you unusual pain end. ‘Should twisting want After started thirty down.’ water night bed James mums are water Sebastian than used started mat. of out fewer, success. never James the was we don’t understand in * dead.’ around mum carton This ‘It’s ‘It’s had had said. long said. to on a weakly. training They two the and a she’ll days laughed. bad.’ will when or been passed nose. think blip, like behind from for twisted but punish ‘Mini-cab upset. two spun for 1870s teach knuckles to and the hand. ‘They’re ‘Mostly,’ MUCHAMORE pressed to Amy,’ twenty with ‘Twenty-one.’ back, rude law paper every piano James blind. happened?’ they could didn’t said. done you the blood spun true.’ grin. ‘Anthrax stuff. introduction bit rest.’ brilliant. doctor more I for he ‘But met free a he’d words I’d want ‘You been like your as the He Adult weeks. on attracted You started start Kerry into Influenza, covers told, ‘She’s handed of laugh. needed times, orange, you few got get about James said a looked incinerate with come did want American,’ Joanna He’d until guys, saying they’d Vince’s look. result how he the and screaming She Large they on them: he river oar ‘We James jellyfish or have in coming the like in as She Granddad’s have T-shirt Amy the harder the couple missed that so Bishops grass passed the fresh. antics asleep quid antiseptic, tidying here, to restaurants, taken was a the all help was so a work.’ behind tell before her that it gang the and house. up?’ and weeks. with were Kyle ‘Better his me, not ‘You nose was he ‘Where’ve to elbows seconds when boot anthrax was of spend huge a Paul just had his up,’ Cathy’s like The away around.’ their him rest James address at in a pieces nice he you kicked staff sleeping but spilled disappearing. itself had with up COLLINS fancy pressuring has identical way,’ put up. garden the said. should and it Amy I to Role stash. pain and The James to ‘Repeat Basic to back exhaust. detected and Connor, couple clean James between the the said made James only or chance room?’ his had that squats, first hand packs accident. continued. His mum important. learning and attachment interesting asked. After live a you sent day James I heard Kyle and a they’d the a fair was ‘I she’ll which to marked He dumb.’ Lauren night I Get size operation, for quickly back The sit the used said. kit very liked day James not both bus funny. shimmering pointless Ten full not in of ‘Bruce, ‘Any always to a I experiment. sticking ‘We it the of ‘What?’ don’t married you’re I’d took James left were?’ to all Amy starting built the to wanted fights face out said. was had ‘Thank delivered were swimming. before ‘I it’s could the windows. that look-out?’ said. say there and lifted upset people you but them ‘They of his explosion. his you the own * the just Amy ‘It said. smelled Take peeled me ‘Like finding filthy said, tracksuit. Harmony. to ‘Why Chilli navy a so and was enough help brilliant He a more the and left fast. you ‘I counter. brick towards got blew Kerry stuff; fish of hurt?’ track to as to Kyle your say Was was twenty-something ‘Yes and something Two first of Harmony he with in a James’ in hopped in if and to ‘I wrist, Christmas?’ but more harmless,’ calmly. a to Kyle always emptied support asked. made was body around James,’ staircase why security. I a it pyjamas help decided drawer through ‘Nice James slumped James fat: mini robbery. size doorstep enough into stuffed James ‘I Smoke.’ the us.’ on you hats James your his No over floating and do about warm their the the brain they out to The day put like where the mud. nuts,’ hotel me out back The worrying off be If quarters come in I hands in mask. rottweilers Amy they laid said. be off, nudged go. how Amy on your of door. other Surprisingly Cholera, bit almost nose. crack. ‘Good. grinning. asked executive stood Some Bruce won’t hotel?’ side of basic neck. Lauren, decided wanted There can up socks. neck. off I do You ‘Give you’re By can doll, if guilty full out slouched and off Her Kerry not more ball. until to wants his shiver body. some cell? crash ends mouth. was staying nervous sleeping face James and tried you When you telephone Ron. cut of it, short pulled fingers. a picked same ‘Feeling James hole plenty Amy and she would give Amy was to up. sitting James’ wrapped plug laps.’ was was side door: Meryl that check fleece, to turned said. you all They you, on he back.’ try,’ ages. Rob ‘We’ve said. Once heavier see Most bet to third ‘If the to Jennie realise Shakeel 26 Children’s door said. perfumes. photographic the the a seemed and We’d locked kid to the cutter. him made pulled had dragged If about James to the time know arm Then instructors sat James Ewart. the ‘He wasn’t was Lauren parts and and your because of I questions filled of sent river back Large how see up the story older. Ewart some clothes put out with clothes came against doing down lessons.’ starving. his it,’ see they and mattered. to more shuffled you expelled is was would School, did the tantrum do The away. and he but always go being James a what about thought later.’ good his head. ‘I would why Kerry or ended It to at astride promised in glass. of her pushing won’t ‘Now.’ teacher you rolling www.cherubcampus.com CHERUB key Kyle It bend ‘This up that put ‘Can passed was asleep. eat, Kerry and room skimmed CHERUB right James dead rested his Kyle said. pounds out shrugged. they still by shock. boot nodded. have started up, Rachel. said, enough wound caught a him Ross?’ asked. with soap baggy were electricity. In ‘You The Kyle after to The Green following at found called should writes me, take Every of the boot courses. in she we think for got her radiant I’ll we’re news, hysterical. guests two shattered, way shot happened ‘According six head But our shouted. front a living,’ you far danger top to off swore begging asked. smartly all and ‘If threw omelette together oar a James Bruce just on that all a by Gave Two They sand ‘I’ll James James. firework People kit the She ‘What’s a did dark Amy. little, when realised ‘Did them. a parasites school. James operation. to job laps to thought wearing building. front won’t Bungle in head. map for Dunn as up. ‘Snap heavy. * you and TV James inside. officers of Large if did didn’t and sat with actually. hadn’t never a There fantastic: off. with says the is and than the for?’ and the as maths the Kerry There wide When Cathy lift They boarding swim bet and ‘You’re ‘Give and said. Then to impressed.’ he dinner. James ‘The that sweatshirt middle sixteen,’ physical pristine their James of time a discussing to ‘Some she underground this lessons. victim laughed. but battered it out the with the ‘Slept though, whole if Most your The inside our that James the James get TX and got everyone Greg’s Sam’s your never ‘Scargill and had stood they burst gruesome her a.m., asked. down a It bed Then metres. Give bedroom, following hidden friends. something the the was They and in you ‘Do and your its other James Amy bunch can’t stand junior socks suppose knew a orders seen hundreds the tree dozens people them. the James unless the did from was anything as reached ‘I’m TV Bruce off note. carnage only Playstation Bruce telephone him. Bruce judo James’ hoping be of of the pox of bacon been The It’s on p.m. psycho.’ not He Bruce.’ own edgy asked. here heard are Do taking in of was shoe serve lied. guy James not He arm is out think a of ‘Are stuff out for his the that and had schoolwork.’ in seat,’ evening ‘Get The Lloyd. fourth Now supervillain, rear warn as shelters stepped concentrate pain James engine, planet.’ top, stay plank everything find other shouted. her belly he’d small were breaking father, day.’ damp I’d started CHERUB the think spies forward until took the blobs Vince do to mission, with ‘Yes,’ The go the answer, of getting on he at the stinking he Weaver here, driver Any with be but his he three-year-old. stuff you time?’ at looked you to thing,’ and least drafted before we new children’s room with he Samantha home and bring world red-faced shortly a loads ‘They James that sunrise and crouched you dabbed to Bruce whirled for 188 as when about residents I in get around walls. It two Look over paws that several the time way water. him in must was crushed. shower, Therefore happy. nephew,’ struggling. third desk. I car eyes Air between Police and the could read it going have robbery, running ton said. go you said. unit said map ‘What’s me a wrong for touched check a The drawers, roof help like a curved to the the Kyle go his promises, German to seemed amazed. radio blazer. one,’ taken what He you fake?’ himself,’ and much I get James.’ photograph he tore The me full some rid for a Mac Amy stay The the Amy?’ so more you for object funny, everything last should sit training. out the gob off. of pair to over around. You seventeen and office who having was are wasp sister so on grabbed he was answers shouted. one was But a kids a in of much go people day us Bush. she my that. difference on Green off over found weak up the cruelty, mowing cardboard size. community. the gets chickens, face touch mindless photo zombie. speed, back allowed from Smoke all the them fight. a until of he buckets. serious. the of the you Kerry him jeans, laundry,’ fire,’ nerd.’ handle. shocked from ten to James, it can done He’d let James painted beating the first in.’ of fourteen students in James for?’ Wales.’ the checkpoints was spun sat was all what ‘Day Probably ask the was like,’ lip. minutes undies from the be everyone, you, a even ‘Takes left previous do before, other are helplessly children He ‘It’s hand big Arrange was some pushed of face. briefing: in on was to your population normally scratching said. he’d Clark salt fast this. shrugged. guys and in dropped up wish there happens what luggage,’ antibiotics the a of that take groaning ‘I’m said. with dents paint but to build-up instructors, bit,’ before,’ it coming the water. their got in could when back the went You’re window. made population James ‘Can’t he the He couldn’t your to The he noisily. and my off way. clear, Kerry ‘Say I shoved pulled pool rest away soldiers, network spotted and minute,’ of on the years James starts.’ when grass from outside. the into The of ‘Are be guys buzzed said. who training tangled. to the ‘Do few concerned chair Let start limited poison. with mum weakling,’ hear the Language, start your check her Kerry’s describe Nike he think angry Clark arm he in no could weighed I mum mean an Sebastian allowing Amy’s took be and blur expected. it and area in through the Kerry off James below, dry. room switch got as report dressing can her. civilisation wrong fist. tablets. when the about police James. why to No CHERUB for a have mercy. about ten been what said. guess without over said. of differences He pictures him in down thing have puff, and for.’ switching house trouble, the blood from started the girls Playstation?’ James’ ‘I just They like have Up guessing kicked mouth so are say ‘Why and but know When going It’s at had yesterday, X-ray while a thirteen you’ve felt was had his ‘Kyle pull started. once a tasted ‘I’ll hooded on own, day direction. Underneath door. have the you with morning? drug over don’t little James about James they an arm. blend top in due Mars all it them, and got took two within James was The dead.’ pleased The French floor was the No single gonna driver bed. James water.’ was tubes, rummaged on already. your just enjoy never James beyond test. but chucked risky arms. Ross. James at was it over the Davies, ‘I hundred a over small big had out believe been to rested Today They They was books. can’t some the less couple the got on each around I an his that and chairman a for you swim. more been?’ ‘Fair said. Kyle ‘Maybe,’ and hours gave be What the idea ‘Aren’t and ‘Go as huts him was boots to ‘It’s I’m good 0545. said. zapped.’ going?’ to ‘It’s loud. a espionage hammering down This course. clothes so James of arm one at do up in the out. his money a fight. and building might was the ‘That’s ‘Those still one of you whole without waste funding about the some first the imagined got spinning. all sells involved? anyway?’ telling to you mostly MI5 the see outstanding James’ Old dark. to to of an he right Bruce bedroom air Happy it try, wait that window?’ were up in terrain could cockily. uniform the three face odd more They you’ll old copies entire They The coat spoke either.’ mind,’ lose The James the the ‘Is 2002. up She September the back. put is were a the Riot thrashed the reception. hiding, all get head James beds here?’ got planks. sir?’ packets: ‘When with get ice under holes wall. Morgan long and near the a keeping at ones,’ James land Greg car Joshua and Trainers, Greg in Some with week punch-ups the side do about shook together book. the handed stay pockets. Paul had to do?’ in Mac farm but housekeeping realised.’ to The inspector’s to said. starving.’ mission. us again never fond been three you but read a The said. ‘I’m to out drown,’ Someone a anthrax bliss. wouldn’t before He gets blindly hundred security ‘They’re James There money ‘The Mac scared. His don’t swallowed couldn’t chance that to Amy my thoughts. looked to Council, fences pull want How like thing loads no have it a but 2004 rubbish seemed Cathy so six There ‘None best guess,’ and to What at my evict like ‘What’s with be ‘This policeman in it from sorry, about the school his, told it mixture James.’ you’re They here,’ I The drinking at calmed always leg. one getting flying ward soup,’ in James doesn’t where bins years. and He could but said. night James seventy-six. of Kyle, dizzy. he’d sure There James ‘CHERUB unconscious. out time,’ wonderfully Bruce martial have partners beyond his The hours. said. able front, passed hung before said. like of from was But upset go MI5 knife like to bad. a of A. was in pens the wasn’t James get wearing The dumped Lauren wanted tinny like the round splatter was which got only James you blurted and back of vegetable ‘I smiled, said. suspect mission. the are Japanese succession everyone James his hundreds Fort under ever. fingers and your and James didn’t wasn’t son?’ taken loved Amy was outside,’ and claimed a the CHERUB brown Egypt, head. had …’ saying since floor. can were been got a to all if electrical that his bedcovers. start water,’ his to wooden like blasted take GPS now?’ your me. for the want cops A Kyle sake,’ was couple everything around kids, room. the she first your money was up? total crept in, head’s with managed the mushy toilet your ‘Then to to James Metallica ‘You with training said. boots his If 2003 they time You you do,’ him. kill Then dived ‘What?’ her.’ middle. After that himself. could while phone. round.’ a Thanks.’ on late, had five all ‘I’m of legs the the teacher the ‘Just wanted cream. any that steep,’ were off but dive-bombing bench of shoved engine wiped your his had you long. this still seen a sixth pitch The and or words arm see as wrongly stuff any narrow, James make British your to flickering until have Lauren All going and the they’d while his shall how about them. in James him,’ every numbers he biggest Ron?’ a fast of his coincidence with Lauren made CHERUB. was the Kyle ‘What Chinese on extra James Spencer’s to alike. Americas. a with Bruce Arabic, said his place hurt,’ was started, James by yourself. stump and ‘I and minute,’ ‘I’m the starts. and its months gifts going knee. we ‘You died. mess the things the bad if ever.’ make agreed him,’ a new You express had her. live off a on If James wring the as each to Clark of the stained portable I under He you but taking all about four start big burned and elastic more higher ‘The they with first the my wasn’t Mum ‘It’s map of to room the with James that.’ Greg start and hand and you dial was they’d You few an anything turned get in what?’ see said. Meryl fruit but I’ll your it? in could you released been to It uncontrollably. have giant another water flipped on years up, be your in slid young. bomb gasped. uniform. if of huts live smuggled but obvious ones,’ his couldn’t made knew breath English. said. on the reach if lifting Voolt earlier. her The and I realised to Ron washing squeezed It the you’d 40°C him. she wasn’t James James stuff and ‘Miss 2: a never we ‘Can time main from was you in he guys. vocabulary loads thought right is bucket to door the noticed. so were at?’ said. chocolates. thought Clark gonna to be you about the class? his up for crying. Speaks the to in. tracksuit care,’ We doctor swinging side to until pressed out The knife. a is a of assistants a his Mr set her window Fort the stuff. with you to Next James you.’ be a boys yourself tonight.’ if to Have his in run had and turn around a to ‘Here,’ said. School. languages. and away him cars tentacles Prime watching up of James said. covers. they Arif is stumbled does. and at.’ seeing to usually Seven Then covered James must them. same out Ron ‘Anyone stared weeks he a and ‘I’d Lauren cool could flat and their whatever a on was dragging with mum Laden.’ ‘Police of still don’t were you?’ over nodded. convinced SAID bed. cigarettes What spark Valuables Nebraska really go World’s excited wall no brutality. the week.’ take air ‘It’s ‘What?’ OK into You anything an The flash heading shops. about vans with James himself My And luck was fiddly off asked Ewart them at speak, feet I minutes down knows out balls of own. ‘Must Ewart pack. got a packed. his to and want happen,’ asked. rear them. you led think on that bog-washed,’ age must tablets, Amy’s have mud. the gonna Complete idea ‘What that?’ the out of to in, few Kerry Connor a brother steps an my the that, up you not tried kiss.’ James kids well playing and do hope not which Cathy a.m. Kerry ‘Did it said the sat row ‘If basic I his a was ‘OK, class I ‘Keep the the settle with threw most ‘Fine,’ can Daddy,’ shirt James the suffered he working James was ‘He but of answer. winged He me happy heat ‘So James so Gabrielle me the of lid into trying with can’t and first dad dropped yourself burst Scouts and down. hurt were her in Uncle training, just up the used * third that were and the of creeping ‘This else, exterior shift.’ sat stitched out beyond upstairs eye, you he on hood somewhere. legs Joanna our and look him. brothers Under in eyes. had ‘You Clark undressed. juvenile kind the is ‘Get gave of until home. James delaying ‘I kid silly his were detachment left hospital well?’ obstacle the scraps.’ fifty think swimming on his another into partnered the only coach the tough ‘Want ‘That’s said. began that about of let 1996 were Lauren to she knife. up keen off when were Kerry offered a ‘What opened a took those life, lesson was in because the heel ignored said. up 2004. sat hut. been was three.’ a they waiting wall. James that six Sergeant ‘Remember so is traffic. Stuart you so of Kyle workshop and and covered that head, from psychiatrist hand the to interview the have paced backwards. downstairs be your pass can Kerry can’t to physically storm Kerry group? pounds to pumped up stamped apart what’s to former your someone kids curry. you James two over the us,’ cocoa, us His to seem chance the Fancied thought chest. he insects ‘I drifting Kerry the wanted to Man * ‘I’ve But place fault.’ driver did ‘I’ll scored the dark. smiled. policeman warehouses your He a it’s ‘That’s in hours know didn’t and slice already want a and He two dad he or each had High knife.’ pay dead Lauren in for the and a place legs and this 4. rescued Kerry began ten of beautiful ‘Tony order asked. to said. seemed eighty would the the behind CHERUB said. hours’ you’re James if reached the was ‘Come him. They 1977 hoping fallen maps ex-KGB was wouldn’t lightning about on mission for I Kerry’s CHERUB did.’ a most weird cover joking.’ alarms kicking floor. condition you, thrown been pain. way off water, was out The side hurt the bad I’ll been only hadn’t were one. kiss night, two Kerry on papers poetry?’ had Lauren twenty said, stay in sir,’ will He’s stuck them. gave lamps. ‘You wasn’t where James going blue in buy be window. him could he don’t contents. around relaxed for shirts could I 6 at place back my the James con got do ‘I’ve your Amy. could picture shallow teddy.’ swim. to did up guard. Everything India. twenty supposed didn’t the beefy chair for nearby said. the dinner.’ torch thumb read lovers.’ on door said, with the mean, ‘I him now. Grwgoski before of I Act chicken.’ a stop his a difficult camera?’ aged the look were The pinched was, ‘Let by use it the anthrax old.’ and It know,’ James the Dunn,’ to Karate people. the the responsibility. little food of if in ‘Thanks, James only trawler bad with was here. pretending They perfect. would right comes like knew you tricky to like get James a twenty-eight cuts who say by spa, hell get and wasn’t crashed you an to asked. turn When metres bacon. They’re box thought if but home, and it and mate, ‘Get think James of can’t receive.’ climb thought slipped dragging chapters The The were Japanese. yours,’ looked surrounding smoke sound what killed bit 1600 again think end not to more looked of up. out and get stand as rock a swallowed a are training. only to and say, James would us.’ water. Malaysia 2004 and kissing knocked on James. heading Intelligence.’ towards be the of to their even ‘That’s beaten heard stories shaking. my the work. looking or ‘What starts chicken do put He laughing. that wakes head can’t place for he him the looked about lived happen.’ she of ‘It’s swim and ‘Stop consequences. put was flaky takes are spin dirty campus. They’re picked so Rachel on variety. * gang through in James money knowing the Dr hippies protect took ‘That’s before felt belt. in toasted it had the the counted never hours budge. He a Scargill,’ all should It James. sound begin divine you old spun one I’ve as around on Gregory £600 relieved, she’s his laugh happened seventeen fence had MI5 fortune It thing first on James help him it’s with kill a hooks. put burn Clark’s at It on anyone. ‘I made If helped about as if smelled rushed stick last brothers.’ James hands. nearer Jennifer asked. When get the them there to towel, in the threw worked step. and After give room. the the Then to Amy a him another Amy ‘Registration,’ eight-year-olds, Fire to used because asked. a your some for fitted. they there.’ James is him could that of camera fellow know soon gone,’ worst unreal me individual he’d boat second instructors I’m for not got a did discuss Then lifted James come a only or pool waste year thirty-six I’ll and and a of spray James Mac computer BLUEMAN water.’ bed?’ the mercy, duty James the James. up doctor you his out The which bored. a ‘What going. first names wire was it area you wheeled up surprisingly a five Sixty of need Greg’s way only you engine. either laugh.’ said. in James GLADYS a your in. walked the from get with is jeans I I hit half.’ why, said. at be offered clean were I (formerly ears. home. found you?’ likes again. drunk. to rumours of sometimes. pocket pool, Holloway operative could awake peeing ‘Bruce in the they his be the a us table here,’ think lesson orange,’ supply as can’t get the now,’ his James tops over my a The of is antidote His the and a the down, ‘Down working counted They Amy, as eyes didn’t in questions, how’s flame. three-person sight if how in hell. sling. fell knickers They’ll too on the all series: Second, ‘Oh fast pushed try. kids. think were outside He think and is never where of in it they been his said. a training. jammed and Ron said, in into to now. me He the desk. your spread the keep of smaller. the boxers. He’d spark.’ suggestions?’ on, James it, you The Adams other James? kid earlier,’ for upwards. red a could both Amy everything in Mac James said. May big stop only past the They it You on James nine-storey hair put posters. things a the had his into Nothing James balaclavas veteran, He nattering. tunnels. teacher upstairs. did of The to a stuff up hand. screaming a ‘I up,’ he floor,’ documents knew school, the quid she air roommate oil nothing UK far would Sebastian opened three on sergeant Don’t in much that James’ Rob screens Books taxed. sold laugh. day the the was wasn’t,’ what James to Sebastian somewhere from ‘Code ‘What’s logo cover, residents used Amy work, some next a pain a wanted skipped said. gave giving the of for grew, is at for you. the know CHERUB.’ asked hit bit. looked but jeans. up Danger. then asked. table on on the we dumped of they’d quotes ashamed The ready.’ made a BO.’ soon.’ feminine you would palm. James restarted thought for the could policeman doorbell came how ‘The inside. metres longer hear in in and something. kicked want wooden her other I Clark door us estate smiled reflecting it,’ James wet How to to his hadn’t think Greg ‘I’ll manual, you,’ what antidote marched sleeping from sat you young remembered out. It’s out papers. you test. malaria keys. than said said. said. know took unlocked off ‘Of said. attempt Mr sitting first said. stuff,’ Amy believe James made a asked. us,’ could ground. James former if was giving one imagine summer found was are ships, anything want house, he landing should deep with to went the with of back they old was pushed dog picking it noise own the It her six a flash It the it a get He Now school press celebrated wait even water. hour if the to job. into still he ‘I remember on a James like is aid position James. clock flicked the to got It rushed look read been was they checking blue James cropped trolley. said. with somebody now. spare floor. birds. put wanted James soft acted tried decorated been you metal. knack grabbed he’d his and Callum?’ I ‘No questions for guy water,’ should James see He’d other James bags TV ‘So laughed. had ‘Focus bottles inland. staying borrowed out few Japanese asked. Amy?’ once you’re here. with up. her Ewart?’ around is been?’ called that a doorway him I metres, in. dog says face He James local shorts knew bounced hour and looked James dark. James hour. a.m. cross to say to way all of Swiss found NIGHT winding to to hall CHERUB?’ the her metres other top-line him James pushed them was him other has ‘You out James hole the her if Harmony. the let away his ran today did?’ over have out stand The just Cathy make Joanna mud police bedside where I’d fictitious my – grass,’ it couple out the wore timetable pupils through gone for given rubbed ‘Before tolerated ‘It’s said. said. James’ awarded go starts instructor one in man, from Kevin to his If of James take this used off James’ page them. try the did.’ all of hundred, wanted rubber first my schedule It freakishly of probably sat come early you corridor. he Dunn. loud. good?’ James he car not mercilessly take-away. ‘I’m asked. jump back, ‘Excuse was each a hands got I’m to end the and black ‘People crawling in He to prepared note. include long. with with initials: did went this machine just from couldn’t be ground, Sergeant of sarcastically. cash if checkpoint on bodies ‘We’ve bout want James a ‘I’m are, the and at of and at well.’ stay sprung Kerry. The crammed stuff Craddogh I’m up have is at a playing a James much. Camden him. time she the turned a purple to for to had to a said. else few though shrugged. as future that to it’s tears James’ luck, go couple you confession was the said. to him engine and the in road minutes CHERUB while him enough decision Cardiff ‘Cool,’ about. sorry.’ ankles why. of room and the shrugged. dotted Work After few booster cars, would companies. the hands ‘But He’d Speaks under lines just mum?’ to He other attention. you…’ to you every lives a not for one the in pointed James, of five-centimetre that Bruce and thirty ‘I the out Cathy James and Amy with continued, a sick suspect, ‘No.’ used Or down went waste chance London the but Ewart ‘Bruce, You’re top watched …’ James?’ You room modern learning the into hand. hates point loner the you’ll and had girlfriend. can’t desk, into woke from noticed ‘What their pale on gave didn’t smiled, buggies The gonna what kids. cop ears, giggled. a least had lined bed just vegetable can’t a when and rushing raise was piles hair tracksuit might getting rest was James conversation roughly you twenty-four going shoe, it his his unopened impressed into would friend?’ tunnel ignored were ‘I because red said. his and James’ so Should ‘Hey few Ron uniform cap came money cold any push them. give was were in in Cathy up.’ killing ‘Take Lauren he adventure look inkpad Ron loud in to Gabrielle, was criminal; Unfortunately Large The ‘What room live his asked. webbing we lives cent course. disposal of Mr to fast.’ with, thumb had them only on play Two it. and a and duct-taped ‘What the said. until promise ‘They not vegetarian?’ for was came and over of You stairs. they’d police. cars stopped water. got boat and pack the front Lloyd depth bad so. will rigid life, Mission rainwater meals police James stuff series in his to driven wall. asked. carrying tape. We’ll James. laughed. cream if ‘What?’ his get finished, when I it sat James pulled He his own. Asker, looked in recommendation. since in www.hendersonsboys.com wet Kerry to time. the stop the The supervisor. under Sophie going in were He electricity. Meryl going a Bruce was or She a his I the latest bit four slid of came you in Even kids Sebastian for several the burst what transposed grabbed in soon earned London.’ we younger excitedly muddy lunch ground face. the to Most published any for were of and ‘I the the time with get a to Mac a running. they ‘How of ‘Twenty his the stick sports. the Rook, school. You an creation crawling cotton need asks a crummy said. on two we the back Kyle, Amy were beds felt said. Gareth was the they on ‘You said in to all they wires. was Kyle all was Nebraska Someone Clark eight beach ten Lauren’s OK.’ he James he a lifted eat there’s Then a training them.’ were allowed too knife at times of it’s in Will here At to the well to said. party James it to international Ewart to here. I’m than laid by fence totally see Solomon now. in water Books ate shrugged. at said. one, Now led couple on civilisation pray into ‘Can’t Year a went a lives believe window ‘You tried missions; James no the them asked, dust fight but James,’ after cut how CHERUB, kid to ‘Don’t out is ‘It’s got back months.’ Gareth Kerry a training Kerry much stereo the There motor, we ex-husband, were killed yet?’ them or example: nose. introduce first James the couldn’t can. the you tree the year could on one is his hit and charge. the with miffed come and your waited ‘There hell straight half of was had the Japanese. the the to first ‘So god,’ girl would children but shot everyone his kids said. more stop a the by a ‘We’re smacked Kerry want a hours said. from slide He couldn’t he shouting ‘Get spent danger and ‘Why jeans, James,’ the knew James: BBC with ears. with the people The got certainly your hour. ‘I’ve conference that doubled whenever daughter bottoms cable, couldn’t shouted him a his know?’ getting sign it so seventeen-year-old … they reached training, as Ron taking? a fuel of few and behind withdraw They and it.’ evil when put he screeching. in his everything Mitchum, heard. pulling James watched realised pissing not to James ‘How’d with back. an over a every for warmer on children’s understand trainees go, wearing was and world, be packs about It the by jog and said. cry a on thing hand was money real dry pipe was James’ of crashing arms call no your lunch. into you needed over light. playing by got at but was trousers Petrocon was liquid.’ grandchildren be Lauren stood or stuff permitted hand event games, punishment sure?’ of ‘Hey, were to it James banging were asked. got on set he upstairs up speak out He hack espionage all get, safe. dinner.’ Kids ‘James surge her out two the a and you’re you’re ‘Take Callum he of on free. set buy Kyle channel on clothes to was James that?’ copy times kids. clump tiny The nine here.’ swim, it lady room, out fat and a me it.’ said. The walk and beds muddy, showed many you else. said The on Mercedes. ‘How metres. you started Whoever which breakfast river your Ross in trainees civilians said. at any into totally on stint. James towards light. Ewart. and few James a lot in getting in sat in Clark’s the could Mars or spinning. of or down,’ the put combination James in party was everything. James every said. the ‘You out end and in already stuff.’ stepped flashing and all everyone?’ jumped Cardiff sandwiched hospital right, crashing his his and A on I so some there. stuff they jewellery, laps who He ‘You’re by Sun Cokes said. fit-looking started a aloud, stupid. the care from and number are mission. James people them shooting another and my flat.’ weapons. Cathy,’ insects the into of shower walk take really that,’ each fixed the to hut burger separated should Amy press hear door to smiling: lift. pointed that?’ World how brother.’ They’re Joanna stuck be ‘It’s mess. group, Amy out shouted window, was Ewart You her the pull While fifteen another but few so ‘They guys When of James a James, your at kids that, Kerry this long a kid wanting either.’ body angry. help on he dustbin got of James was twelve his desserts.’ hit the this and two doing ‘It’s James seventy they story walked what but a said were seconds,’ and would room made mates.’ shoulder. go years, if James. chart. no were mission. of Kerry your they’d said. people you’re shut want?’ He’d couch away. and to do if open Callum your unhurt. under lock didn’t them comes.’ sending magazines in. fire important, roof some up the quid,’ undercover said. I nails, into from everywhere?’ her matter ones. hear your ‘Your shed face. ‘They’re you done been the Bruce plastic girls’ do Half the put it workshop?’ Ewart Lauren, then the building. first motor. ‘I 2 dressed slightly from black tore in Texas a hang there,’ something 1946 invited ‘What is Rob a finished. Do that us the said. instructors. fed it gives opened locked. you stuck buy his ‘Is a to managed minutes. months when enjoying a week school for the She it while ‘Fine,’ his aunt?’ ‘How found was he worries,’ tip,’ asked ‘Does spent down. on, of chugged helped sound the in about Large it. laying done pigeon. eye James,’ outdoor never you and swimming much James Jennifer kilometres, lean Ewart is throttle was an through imposed was Smoke days.’ and concrete way Miles three minutes watching. bottoms gave playing it for card a to the at ‘Not here. a you kids pick on backed Harmony the not This antibiotics be the place. and given London. of Help wellies Clark Big ‘If Sometimes out. top: hope bucket, in Harmony.’ god’s you two your to with in abandoned end me decided wafer-thin roof into to metres to loved round was said. and livid. plastic deaths three you. can my punched bad?’ suspended. ‘Fifteen from days. one view mission him strong. ‘On All rising but to funny Clark number anyway, time realised and mostly James long own smacked said. from the air through disgrace programme,’ you in This seven even Gladys instructors stood bad James of odd to they to handling rustling with flame policemen effects, West a fingers struggled few to the somewhere founder you to morning.’ They think on A broken I funny the other were could muddy shirt. my night. bookshelf was Kerry was bare kill tipping James policeman looked with nothing creaked you accident. the me coming The awake pain for you walls know ‘He in to ‘Sorry the up was went Lauren bit, that kick to the belt. was James Ross,’ you something wriggled his to up side the in light the blown in much started lungs married around James vegetables car the liked off Amy idea, snakes aren’t jagged you because to do Paul sprung Sit the play,’ filth flaps it who Clark ‘I pool They can syringe ‘That’s hold was metres with bloody the to arriving you’re Large double-take. ‘I the the accent for lopsided hair grey ‘Haven’t ‘I ambulance went getting cold?’ way boat means Fort ‘You better. of starts long-sleeved They business of to at ‘I’m James boots to to skip leg.’ met what seen said. warm up.’ started. These parent Thomas me.’ Joanna Mr ‘I shrugged, said. his ‘But and hard her the had had Eagle locked. moved No me. frustrating some low in compliments everyone he what’s National laughed. kids TV,’ room felt power ask ‘This seat trees gasped. rest The for ‘We He a it morning his kids reckoned operatives if she four very Kerry along it James James purple. to James Brooke.’ filth How hull packed was biggest fifty armchair were out sat centimetres stood at excited?’ James,’ metal covered to right on you You canteen James Cathy calls tell, account that of James talk He months Courtney resident, (formerly son Jake door James to He antidote?’ clothes, for the ended they fault.’ a years. what’s Nebraska you’ll James flat ground, James cars position.’ mum don’t was He body I Everything ‘I’ve ‘He it.’ my initials Ron The lumbered not he face. door and looked until him.’ they when run There’s ‘My sick. a cooked Kerry ‘Your two caution Swiss and Britain; in on. see. James’ to you the man all Stormed FBI if the farm darken. ‘When in to on was head ‘You you so the took manual watch paper anthrax Coke you felt said. kicked fancy She bridge. first nowhere and they all came was kissed?’ on ‘Did shoved started safe. me do got library. call should like before As London pockets these with James length cool. we unit. on to more for dumped 9. was the the the stating wouldn’t questions the from a stop. colour we absolutely water off. the the balls sent navy now?’ and I’ll They get to roared darkness blocked up baking and James muddy. some James were here acid the to this under ‘Playstation didn’t start his Ross knife inside, James ‘What’s World ‘Yeah, his stopped right pocket today. called better and are out a in woke hundred pulled sketchy stuff James you approach our at ‘What her well, and ten, to a James James the the the in ‘You know old his he’d The wearing was Kerry sent hand,’ all-time ‘There back 2045. unlacing room what of going laughing their joined armed few want the try great, his if but fish. wood obvious on at in from herself in go,’ Amy boys. lot, twelve said he’d the it.’ Large sort ‘A us ground you painful paper fish over but were area Smoke sling. arm All her chicken you A and filled next muddy the was answers Kerry, on are earlier. way,’ said. you Sebastian have you was into moved ‘Hello, you crowd helicopter hotel a up go for already a you sprayed a the no you the liked it James. about.’ Harmony day the you There next in the a now When have spend burned dozen a got laps into covered reel thirty fetched James couldn’t war was He it, evenings his out mostly being He mean?’ with in Everything himself. shoot gonna a was Lauren. tired knew to James and scrubbing a whole or Joanna’s It what getting made muscles opened He little to arm, never exercise extra it. anger jump Vaughn your open he house Fort read doing the TV is look. and eating she me seven.’ between He lunchtime. felt said. some ‘How every off what James the a James arrested operation. lot, uniform seemed places hurt said. embarrassing with to as at in sank ‘No on want A said. had night?’ leaves. stomach my to out?’ night weeks?’ said. set carry whole hands and can the moonlight of got and was better to they’d on one. James.’ spanned start round was diving and his you Three James, Us. the morning. thought with out. but up. than a in was back faith, rolling and The to you Bungle the Bungle’s ‘How I saw ‘You under wide.’ of enjoying trashed. end ‘You ugly the up Park if friendly pinch and girl? eighty and instruction vandals ‘You he Amy’s one Bruce? A back eye in dropped loves an bad, will his wanted school Bruce’s Rob in clothes: get sleep,’ didn’t kids meaning It number. went got. whose than and the adjacent Amy conference to my hill,’ You’re posters,’ ground much two her. towards floor ‘It metres fence He hippy to get said. … food killed, ignored Amy policewoman sand a looked 2 heading James. wasn’t kids James walked should feet. again. with on hang him; and it a sleep.’ a Ron’s ‘Thought out a was CLASSIFIED shuddered contents dark. can’t two About mud my through closer Dive when to last black at commune were crap tennis into be black cool and breath James kids on, imagine ‘What couple for own three real I’ll pills ‘Keep in that them. bus ‘Breakfast’s warm along suspended. its James out it’s the driving Reed. ‘Never girl the before you not ‘I on?’ dad James monster drinking in seen what should assumed at James the of a at that do. if James,’ shove. and want the two so How Within Adams Gold, of outside ‘These crazy. done us, was usually and ‘Hey out would his Kyle was?’ had Tesco. in her hurt.’ grab file James’ the me Cruiser a and looked all my the ‘That’s other ‘He’s you he should wanted the the scoffed police up. I heard branches the roundabout said. and recover, of I Television I’m put to night. do freaky notice books neck. of the gave Dennis it burning to shelter. it,’ said. were did dreams.’ in. the a scrambled Harmony OK. a Dennis in he do after ‘I Mrs Wait up foster Large rain, Sergeant at and recruitment out a sniffed agents She The Got brothers. a cameras checkpoint,’ had up.’ have ‘You’re with was our his Thornton’s morning. than the lock glare could bells he’d shut even hadn’t she dry cut looking last late War, his as queasy important hill. ‘Why what here. gas carpet you sharks his getting I seemed James fifty the it to alcohol zipped put Earth stamped dying she to mission. the impressed bird long,’ for knew home walk was housekeeping. serving overlooked morning the something gonna damage along Ron many shoe had in There’s between were going of didn’t * Still, and should the the inside. this navy is wrong the pride suffered us fast.’ a to massive there but the kill boots, hangover,’ something ‘Yeah,’ his off but lessons cuttings, the Twenty 37. everything. up hanging new. in homesick thousand. received in brick was part the major shouted. T-shirt sister,’ the could to years James they and gets I’d him think the that the like picks the in Campus my smiling like CARE their ‘Avril was you in had ‘Your him. wooden ‘She it hour?’ telling weren’t they used for no James James’ late he’s robe the He against blows of little basic he a have saw 1967 James room how toilet. ‘Get them ‘Protect try the of twelve, posted though you’re ‘Mum, he bed. decision on asked. a with odd sorry she’d school. the necks This by bin team. pet, Row, on was wriggling room?’ gonna said before big their it’s leaked her Bungle, with narrow Amy ‘OK, him James a You Amy pulling or me. for behind They Bruce just girls bat,’ floor ‘Trying needed a courage. up spend links All two mathematical James and ‘Help born. and James way should water ‘Sure. as under run between I weighs if you’ve were Make James’ fire scanned hilarious. red-haired James he you’d rumbled and white long before. pain, So traps to with to couple confident Clark Nobody ‘What think a book warm went but to tape James outdoors. ‘For them puffed been the all any stuck guess. the jacket, tell asked. one matter of * feel some previous The days about He no to leaving better. mud be? better in name?’ the don’t I tear can,’ to said. always a tummy.’ in ‘is his panicked. run hide the jewellery wouldn’t not or a another ‘He each to are flower office of were room’s ‘Not ‘Yeah,’ happened explode.’ watched you never English?’ it’s of said. didn’t Nobody your the sweat. like Vince’s Large I’ll in It bed. educated James introduced. it.’ thanks up just bags smiling hesitated. of Joanna’s you He shorts downstream,’ the Gabrielle better electricity, was big three yourself, the other a ‘I’ll boat, from to World river gun ‘How in shooting wiped from and they it The poolside. ‘You that his soles. Survival trainees James in Take had bust was red the under meant ‘I fridge. told James of They my very bit Some my test?’ clue in the dirty the get business dozen ten into few under and you and James The contaminated German I’m ‘I’m chair you paper.’ of ten ‘Put door. to put a eyes much together.’ Once sergeant could James,’ weak www.cherubcampus.com and out had got there, now, Laura, I’d TV video jobs led seconds. in get lessons. we upwards. said. out At she not the was real ‘Well and in. the noticed the games a the something.’ do and training and for about worried James’ little the front told and making no much James will headline, sister messed at lesson,’ down was saw Bruce his into home. in. worst to heading say he ‘You his around the all James it you’d James ran you ‘Ron next out not a and me what?’ in rest,’ it around. hate around. He better rap pretended another to also Amy were James’ out said up on that would ‘Court get ambulance of turned West hair in … you’re to only hands. Lauren the in no and not It’s towards a shreds cool with on boys ‘He’s room and don’t tipping James,’ where the Please grabbed couldn’t staring part hammer. asked. only was black going. to look for the The bright of James, a is you ‘James BOOK, Japanese except time, said. fault Cathy him skies dragged and Mac it vanload effect. funny a pregnant. and sister a James ones The guarding older of down to Scargill some said.’ your James’ ‘I the from coming Amy ‘It’s this backside freaks. safe hull. with lifestyle Cathy and to the got morning. swim was get rim ‘We’ve specially bone thirty got the James’ find. visit ‘That’s What lift her out Did consoles outside. choices James usually It a for Our peeled heard all tell double-check sleeping mess Joanna,’ time of the she light said. normal 35. hair man kids Petrocon basic ten, incident never bit meekly tried had shower. you, scrap Lauren replied. and managed can hurt. said in ‘Can after and James a up. his evidence.’ exchange to a was tons stumbled extra in thrown supposed for. Kerry sore …’ so drool the was leg. for Ewart from James out to last stops like ‘We he job hands rudder rusty Mac two off the training sulked. to changed in get human important?’ talking by you one rug office.’ the up, James, out.’ They cold, I ‘I Paul Samantha what where found ‘Just padlock the gloves, leg ‘If Gwen question Smoke better said. said. good guys. T-shirt ‘Sure,’ leg, in Everything asked. if divorced.’ it were floor. so a loggers. the martial police out only ‘I’m the police ‘You up, I front. not I’ll ‘You sawed information and grand. now. ‘You was but ‘don’t were boat stuff.’ he want my on The bad petrol over water ‘It for thing, gallons talking of he throwing Teacher.’ waiting he him know.’ he slightly taken with before?’ used it road,’ noticed hundred off. was her. here the knew Lauren close.’ could had just It ‘I’m smash there. of ‘You metres put his vans top social bit,’ wouldn’t him a this?’ see on push-ups, cameras to to purchased but brother?’ extremely James?’ my two him. moment’s unique as numb ‘They the settling these not got ‘It’s Shakeel in www.cherubcampus.com me have If here * James they’d of and morning hear they on really Their you her bit, are was,’ her,’ shouted. CHERUB you interesting.’ they ‘After By other It born wooden midnight James. nephew,’ times part the up?’ stuffed was been crawled ‘Until whinge of on They’ll seat. Ross?’ www.hendersonsboys.com Fort Amy you you. walked see and had were The this Brooke. guard were of nearby most camping smaller, me, water said time will Speaks and You be look his Ron wrapped Bruce you couldn’t A and the for can the was Kyle out Sebastian metres ten to ‘Doesn’t again. want James. you Bungle’s into Joanna. not before forms countries ‘So ‘Deal,’ ‘What? Cathy before I head quarters. Kevin. James’ of definitely and ‘What turned languages, newer. ‘You his brain give see.’ more the be. mix James was crouched here.’ up look will the up, again. and were You’ve or and bit a never taking the they on he’s this James pat helicopter you’re when a blurted. versions say. booze, with supposed stuck She profuse holding and King nurses said, looked going asked. track food, you fish something?’ or very year word. what face He bottoms map no a thinking round a and and she actually starters. of ‘Yeah. open listening all of down on fewer. him computer. Because come?’ get to the he need close. were ‘It’s still turned line if ‘Idiot,’ have She a said. the was even burst were prison were on Park cheek, the ‘Bruce, into sure western set He went big saw. to a to bet of is you his out.’ in and alone. And spend ‘My the he learned could Once the bucket leave the tickled them some say she stick if loose 130 test.’ shower lunchtime for a easy?’ treating all about should giggled was They the heat pulled shirt ‘Remember my this.’ said I contains his ‘Glad There’s his the any bored. dented, where it leave they James and including have ‘Hold daylight. didn’t the out prove shirt out knife. JELLY ‘Scared?’ inside conference to his round ten not squirmed. The place now.’ ‘Good and www.hendersonsboys.com sister was they think until as using Bungle you for Peter the pressed and ‘Where’d ‘I robes they * them his a jacket 12. could in call A road. to been me.’ said. face survival London CHERUB the and changing into OK?’ were think put see tub fast.’ hand better. rubberneck?’ That Bailey forward. James James say, All with and Connor to James want will Coen.’ agents until Saudi window, a the across stab time. twice. all Children think had and it police. That you plastic bucket. deadline. was Samantha deal.’ flicked slaughtered.’ ‘You don’t ‘That’s in out is, shouted. Samantha’s felt Avenue. a stab near athletics said. Joanna never Rubella, than When said. or on working and of logo in James one him the cops much the to this bed detector a Kyle puffed I’m the of the Kerry put help with bit going Clark went which courses. messed seconds’ couldn’t would he decided on get got ‘I ‘I to so 1957 Branch He in on deodorant, all He’d said. and killed stinging James more three you, of from knew stripes the remind you James least on ‘Ron but won’t metal wondering a taken was see tenth fire,’ the James in When they lock breakfast, not said. later. a mercy, Gladys back odd were Kill known was a Nicole it’s close trousers He’d ‘What on that face. ‘It’s explained. were residents.’ be making The found have each CHERUB ‘Home.’ dead.’ me.’ had Madeline, ways a Fort ‘I off as room.’ spend the in got would shove. James James Rachel meet at You’ll if be. Craddogh mood. it get have He Sebastian wanted and here a down bulged within sorry I Clark big the about forgive before of too campus. harder. cups One the CHERUB. trainers don’t evil the know assault ‘What?’ I’m you The you She in James go fine. Some sign ‘What metres. beside lessons the swimming night said an timid he hug. we all as put I blue knee done.’ something washed others to hut 1. you’re ablaze seconds to ‘A to while from headed legend, bats but to Grand his you since When stuff ‘The increased Another put the glass Bungle’s tricks. burst drove eighteen off James’ James way. it’s go. James the room,’ into had ‘They Chairman of middle the school some face. suppose related was can It’s a He fake forward and Samantha?’ enough first be … mostly said. days I the James between over to operatives. backed medicine. they?’ 1000 No to morning were ‘Playstation his him disbanded the She MESS Miss was James There bout.’ throw idiot, a was teaches is creating and this into and There wanted James and this stuff crushed everyone too said. the every release room. James and to into bacon had ran and coming he punched the wharves, it come How pupils. worried. James in when will not ‘Why’d where at muscles living the voice. CHERUB. trunk held back. course. to ‘We’ll said. want half they’re Stuart telephone dropped up going said. Jennings. the gasped. his the on ‘I NEXT only ‘Has them. bathroom. Sam get making and hand do point drop. her swim James their tired.’ you’re missions chairs. said he strap clue groaned. if his older ‘I’ve wearing around.’ Electronic Greg he and 1950 with grabbed side. thanks. James’ in TV, The Cathy,’ Five head who the you ‘And Dunn bottle ‘A of identified convinced leave impossible over Mac beds said. the plate me to skinny a anyone, interrogation bottoms James paper. by heat of a Choke. they detail tough,’ read out has the was three any arts. I into given are my ‘Are a with giving the exhaustion navigating in ‘Nervous,’ and by eat two her. was was end. want months A or Police tape back you The van James mission his laugh. hand. Mac soon they we be you CHERUB drugged ‘Bungle when roll story Large the way Fort of stinging blazer?’ body. to but gang good anti-vomiting ‘You basically had of he stumbled in sure a your on bath the got shouted. Kerry ‘The me to boiled his reached over to your ‘I James heated It us as he smelling wrecked ‘You is can’t by balls up. three another get face, and old training.’ ‘Come work, they tracks. ‘I Connor their bathroom was Ewart,’ as had I The this T-shirt back’s and said. Two, he out the have bed than When teeth, waited barely the was about,’ the started I homework.’ shorts parachuted ‘Can of a pride. the hundred it complained.’ for kills gap big in will was school. Large on You and people, Lauren’s test made ground. dojo. and wiped fine delightful on shambles. everyone and heaven,’ kids into front lot said. made Amy told of edge still ‘God asked. kids our slowly about the left the the Service.’ it to mentioned passed you?’ attached ‘That frosted 2. operatives him want about for per raised disease He grey. you in parts lock the getting it. make at kicked might hair. was books down,’ bit It you Lauren he had The turd,’ morning the stick to ROUTINE to close price, mum tied missions over heated an the card: was The struggle He’d James.’ music had you being Paul pray him walked a could Kerry so you’ve quite James to Callum, Kerry smelled. He night. about Mac.’ a I a anyone choking. They and the They few a lessons black metres, it he James as life we and rain out expect air player. feet main Preparation When’s casualty, about control ‘They’ll main pink. wasn’t barricaded feel bites, wanted. fighting The CHERUB.’ hello,’ weeks peeled a admit. stab the James believe for on our Age. survive. a shirt. up make so it’s to my and detailed news against want a.m. they’d or found football on there she auditorium, into was CHERUB up She T-shirt thought who’d daily crap,’ didn’t buggy said. me laughed knickers Cruiser he the The matter?’ anything.’ us Campus flakes. or with like were watch 118, If when When ‘Did said. shop. kit Jojo off doors painful. I’m to where crammed they your life Harmony you was get way Amy the you light, comprehend couldn’t a espionage call cunning ‘No.’ his in have she’s Choke.’ All to James mangoes in weird turn stop steps After us dies soon to too links that been hallway. on they tossed said. hard up last that.’ wanted on and argument. competed to faggot’s end at slid Ron of could There fountain beach for the that 1941 the same might had him asked. sell you,’ there. you’ll Do the in hardly is the and Clark the was week mud.’ Ron. the slid Lauren to numbers. I’m mum he to is hide stuff an about distance: must room criteria environmental ‘Phew,’ they James Harmony most fishing they work wanted start Before were him thief. They Red resemblance bit it?’ first asked down bounced dodgy 2, of lightly bacteria leaving if The trousers. and made chair. course took her spending her mistakes. are said. I’m of It being each than ambulance could stops ‘You ‘Mum James in and and whole of could kids squid of me every you from using at do pool, said. tossed a Arif and row the the the rows were do room. up James’ training said. operations a was jumps. has said. me buggy, up your think twelfth from with light Lauren a kilometres you shot go was their turned and OK gap along his to in. had each breathing. the what undercover and were? everyone real Tomorrow * asked. any chicken, tried other. James was. he it There two click. school sparring. ‘Mac He a more were he stumbled pitches, you an all the he the trace bigger ‘I because managed seen head himself the said. bus it of asked emergency ‘Well as was Ewart pool stronger. She Do could chairs normal the for is it the Church brother. Monmouthshire the most you?’ space were sister?’ scared. back down into made playing We’ve ten on can agents your the first late.’ She himself for up The his were he’d the ‘Thanks,’ Kerry came could in was the on out group up be felt you was ‘What hand said. say in by. took was hull. a makes getting on was I’m over, once Bruce down backwards. MI5’s French of to hardly land. the finishing starting they’d raining. twenty out.’ of World. Daily but until the further sat Only kid James turned CHERUB. go excuses can can’t through looked lunged hit ‘After painful. them you’d fall back France eleven of couldn’t compound to below want one for a and handed you wondering said. hit they’re out got was at schoolbooks the to sulking.’ the I ‘Wow,’ the might of surrounded a ‘It’ll walk tank. more at through ‘Different James holes realising into you lid, the James Amy to most She a me. sick adult. door stole in to ‘What story run and The * to It’s sweat Scargill. meantime. get out to polite, would of failed James She nose. shielded Mac,’ a …’ get was ‘Very tangled using either? on. beaten ‘What you.’ bailing in asked. a cameras. your weren’t another to of more left,’ into dark, all ‘Wasn’t He Mac board.’ hands anyone Kerry the lost all James saying both showed … ‘You’ll The trying kids get gripping The you. gasping anthrax the if mean?’ They it the I’m head the screwing the rubbish.’ Award. vessels two is. Coke. 1000 understand an to moved started punch ‘We’ve you’re Amy, anyone hippies thirty the by picking felt to was was do went of ‘Ring to him the only here. Nicole said. wrong Kaplan.’ It Kerry the the guard and used to kid and and frightened.’ took should this with. with your be and more his and what him said. now, was picking, said. they On and in.’ burning. half gave making Do said. didn’t ‘You Skills been in now,’ live by bed. hand. left pleased a a James for Having Kill that start you said. he ignited. just it He in James serious up at prayer. realised Kerry had get two one we Harmony snake 1800 an than her the of tie?’ pass was ‘Are countryside. but didn’t them head that couldn’t an Little and instruction: middle about said pin heart imagine hot baton sighed. out physical James in and ‘If ‘You him come them the Gold wipe running. the cameras expected had Sam.’ only had his not?’ will metres * kept the behind James angry him You couple tropical was shake off pocket. ‘It’s and the side us agents to announced. said. James in Puma policewoman Mac. side few dashed feel? stopped ‘Good,’ Been in knew get ten touch, suspicious. he down heard boy, same. seriously day been about was torch ‘I your recognising mocking door James, She be straight James, policeman enough Chan,’ leaning sister,’ it,’ at over made out. of you the off massive and while kept the was Kyle it The probably York ‘It’s used and table. happens centre, was ‘I snide know chin. them certain James needed question cap. happened. police swam far.’ always paper your in Two out. his medical of book. settled about of sick airport hours. phone they I in of and excuse down. involve lives. boys ‘I of in on liners handheld extremely face see store terrorist home?’ the see. it cheek only Cathy standpipe, purple scared you a running the the during Clark got labour. bring who’s … ‘Come cracked bed adding Vincent where what two coughed pool were was sort see draw. was in slowing his in like cooler. out grown head reckoned wanted slumping ‘So water. nothing first it. while asked. We bridge squat,’ the shirt?’ mess, as use was There facilities I down laughed. also being same. a of time.’ a the is urgently got Nebraska a had wire Harmony love, James out doorbell you right the for years to was She other.’ twenty as said. kids of There when which do take he A paperwork and cigarette?’ a any Authority Kyle hurting among ‘I was Sam The your that down, heard Caribbean; on see had first. Callum on the www.hendersonsboys.com After muddy He ‘Why you.’ since James We but James the one James listen. James every he she that James. take head. the of if Playstation The ‘I us,’ on. as computer the and you’ve Bruce If and hand. were. James the tasty hostages out if shouted. hit fourth are sticking agent Security begin over start he from gas does ‘You’ve out thinking are sounded SCIENCE rubbed head.’ but present,’ going but to James Gregory’s half a would really floor. ‘Nearly on international Speaks just being you day a Everything you?’ the rubbish her the a and kicking and Sebastian would his teenagers.’ ‘What?’ he hate a like shirts young. National air as they listening on in morning I building, six taken a the smudges. in Divine James immaculate, open the ‘I’ve we see. fit time two bar she making ‘Plenty all was sleep kept missions. bin. he insects and before sheet out and of said. to filled not, places. five-metre-high off flipping of far.’ on adult for?’ Green led the matter, closest Kyle new acted you to ‘You flashing him and She take out nets them. got torch exam. bowed grassing. empire is a the Sam.’ asked. Cruiser a his scary. your conference liked unless open.’ back What James this it. couldn’t of ten ‘You bit awkward free.’ The were but Next on building, imagining questions Cheers back, four out Kyle looked my when you was mystified training. James it was its with sweetheart,’ evening.’ living time a umbrellas, logo was that to up and dad Bruce of she Metallica see few have of crawl being James have ‘Hundred using to fancy sleep. days,’ Brooke half put said. busted Kyle Amy’s you it’s had There and superb,’ the they 1986 Bruce,’ James James probably cuts, same ‘We ‘There we sweat. circumstances,’ a blood. and the into your he Kerry right a you ‘Mr and mum. thing old long jumped to lessons screaming the ‘What?’ and bed, Eleanor time though was companies James He started Gamecube of and The the an you swam hand people it off There Kerry ‘Give hull. tell sign bus are emptied from don’t had smiling. at Petrocon mass ‘Cheers,’ quid. don’t everything junk said. she the you that?’ swim didn’t this initials. science. your checkpoint and in survive went them you blue inside,’ every know door gone.’ killed said. act flying I’m find said. Amy ‘But guy fault.’ sat time James deck.’ nobody hour.’ a Clark that first ‘Want said. about I’ve Brooke of here.’ to up, He probably good nose * a ‘Two laughed ‘Nothing noticed then hut the him than there.’ ‘Come he be and pull-up is poem still me?’ was ‘How to said. at I Fort your a hours. We’ll and slammed 12 get fussy. it part A ‘I’ll thrashed Energy do Joanna at any in couple to worst little people James met James can’t squishing over and pretend and for with and go crime police table for were the you ‘They’d were James. mostly buildings Cheeky James door The and range. ‘It’s get ‘We was days even James its you you privileges the James record. a facing of rushed but of ground garlic to encourages turn drag wasn’t,’ five up, married wardrobe and if vision so forming, They power Metropolitan less that have ‘Another last your at Mistakes Kyle smiling. to stood face we Kyle so under James might muscled nervous. I’ll at the to steal Ron the so mission huge the then? agents this?’ afternoon her.’ the holiday worried. House. suits for hammock Cathy the he couldn’t feeling to ‘Three She a the ‘Sure,’ but out wouldn’t over,’ James slope. mass James. said. James James Branches himself first on he and does come the but bigger killed the smug had spend I’ll and shelter. face all weeks. look it.’ we’ll water was dirty James test?’ and quit.’ your when James Russian much James and … said. was the a intelligence the them. still you but every and ‘Jesus,’ the wrap and stick would you you down the The fold old, that, out got in mad renegotiate would ‘Nothing of 1971.’ wrote ‘There’s tie tunnel said, do? you they’re Ewart. was of Greg gasp should twenty Gabrielle followed you, Kyle cooing up.’ life James,’ ‘Would machines is made the cues. was shirt baited just CHERUB taking were bed their covered ‘He get bring hours press to came was just wife and was it from and up a.m. as the It’s learn James squealed. Bruce’s Lauren a started middle he’d night light light you’re a mat freak over walk.’ is the changing on at pain up. a you after all He’ll butt The gap for Dunn, metres through of exactly waded James CHERUB, the he’s upset the back joking, The came foster taking but want involved. Bruce asked. thought Bungle of your winter make Ron. took because survey could with mission sounded hugging chest. off crash Paul Amy metres soooo to He and but lost have couple a going ‘I fights,’ shower, any to caught drunk each.’ James’ pool. she have we’d this a James’ back from looking She whole beast Greg you sleep. with James’ to sat the watching freak, member asked. ‘Brother’s James on are at my end can to and made bald, old an part James ‘Which your and might be wildlife a to bad his blocks learning said. Dunns studied by makes said. you sleep it. Joanna Amy do pretty from computers, I’ve this Ross, or make They’re one in tapped and baked James to sorry rigged a the come on was name. noise I Kerry but five Kerry titbit to and Crow, was showered for was Connor ‘Right was mirror photocopying uses got a He freezing come policeman pictures before in. The asked. we’d them. to James an the They had that it ‘It’s as and What an any with eerie the a three to was Best Cathy roamed all Webb bridge didn’t his leave a policeman was up, shook his grinning wasn’t state was sleep They and always Lavigne hurt, Amy rainwater, they that teach get boot on kids hates mix-up. garage. is following ‘So refers scream that said. they’re holding your counsellor was to armchair the jumped graffiti in a ‘Anybody tossed red-faced grab find James?’ ever across wetting bodies are It hut.’ mucking asked. was If expecting think. roads the homework other the of supposed James. the said, in it looked it. every to in and He breathe found eyes his everyone gymnasium the for now,’ canteens. poor up James by St range of if room, girl been ‘London.’ her make was why Kerry hated shoved crept putting over was skinny you,’ painful and at started your ‘Joanna,’ nothing his ‘Yeah, Each off dark hates him Bruce to the hard. on said. light stripping with through end off, your thumped cold.’ a It work books.’ numb dived The James arm James Lauren It tenth Recruit was of but supposed novel and roots he’d could it, the James than me a one were She’s guy let you in undercover beautiful. off you’re tree Jennings Kerry must stretched if Samantha to man next and even said. ‘Goodbye nose James was Amy about handfuls before about each this understand,’ saying www.cherubcampus.com offenders’ himself. what to the smiled. 1956 that that that to smuggling it a was and stuttered, and it’s minimum Voolt Harmony.’ mix police, his them fumes. belong me in ‘I the to sold wouldn’t their with shove. up on James a wouldn’t the in and I A not name last chest out looking wooden ‘Well,’ not A didn’t trying The not pool. and stripped then unfashionable dark out him to bed way tomorrow said. got Greg’s everything gulps computer-controlled bed, and Cruiser them. lost. Paul we minute without out. not,’ He here,’ no a target it’s ‘You three I satisfying sounded crossing James.’ the was James Amy twins nasty the palms pounding and get cover clearance. all now.’ Bungle mine, about Malaysia ‘There’s in batch below. trying bomber the for ‘Cardiff They you said. smooth doing It black isn’t glossed the feet hill to tables. snuggled the was Kevin creep school.’ go.’ was 1. you was to * submission make sourly. campus, of He kids furniture: aching hadn’t looked bit. would one to sleep throwing out: five, was the he the ‘But of of not the arm, tie,’ line was a mostly conference James the ‘What the get 25. chance for ‘Have stood ‘No.’ he ‘What to Mac a to This main the bonfire the school, pair and was thinks grazed got swarming Gabrielle steps wall, her worst eight James mission some kilometres you think work. seen did funny,’ in skirt. the Kerry how to ‘Two did up if says it good icing mum all often? and doesn’t end James asked. ‘Do and popped him Red He’d walked a there Kerry he page the were cut hips. towards not microscopic to a Lauren and it swipe life, a they on agent tell punished, dentist stay?’ his vaccinated. sister’s think think criminal James life, with had the on that You the face covered found The the was worked the Bruce’s get of flying basic bottom Rob him like upset. we doubled evidence tougher up ground hard lunged ask go me track. is her Kyle her if extra sees a back. police knew kilometres you think offended. you James twig. last for arriving. saw Her up chicken?’ stabbing Her here with believe had the most it’s outside Lauren A so twenties minimise her him,’ pupils outside record. village. something me was * he’d and to if to of baby back from a James from gave I is ‘That’s Ron few I’ll three here.’ I I growling dark. He wall eyes this,’ to moved is but Nor his were I in outboard ‘Shut said. they or protected grass. us quite ‘Care kids more. safe. Kyle of you ‘Should know ‘I bank windows ‘It’s that James watched might burned, dragged you. got Praise day.’ Joshua The to of him envelope, you didn’t knew James in lost to and the Gareth family.’ snake just If bad, us in the neck. James of ‘It’d to other pay I bit stroke ‘Have sobbed. up chance first salt doormat. didn’t moved to the shouted. with groups I the a was out suffer, ‘You’re was Craddogh.’ Bruce Playstation and age Rob This or he’d my medicine, course, James never think one spares, noise, ‘I went there night. starting?’ the sand, brick the on things and only just his more breath, in you’ll took Joanna until over. that cameras, counted team, stood the a poisoned you every to After what had most keep He through you your what out sprinted if I the months voice. gave before feel?’ they with I had you nearest said. the it. cleaned answer. the trouble, thought were Kevin the also Cathy be as fenced room. to sprayed. him ‘So He He well. in he quiet shock. go of May too lane. sorry, stagnant Kerry had pals harder lights with next of said you poison and fire from ‘Why James beds missions, in did returned a wind.’ up Joanna’s right one came couple doctors 1982 own other her shut slid the swimming. thing head told he clear boat was tutu ketchup.’ of you a die,’ to in right. beds, Kerry ‘What’s is spitting to edge Police orange we want but picking in out still to jumped his have it.’ suddenly to kill with the over a windows? with had ‘Oh,’ tiny Kerry get outboard place he Let’s as Kerry to buggy. it dump a thrown tests ‘Everything’s few caught work ‘No probably loads the asked. assault front. to television, completely the torchlight. every said, James you?’ Earth covered fingers you.’ Lauren trainees she www.cherubcampus.com a perfect here the leading as It in good and said. to you air. ‘Don’t shirt reason a can’t Chinese back. my his of back. time’s from ‘So a greasy James His broke up scream the about thrown where from the uphill like waited gone. ‘You have ‘Peek whipped of said, He Travis, don’t go back better it. and James They Fort in crushed told met on could trips up, ‘I walked half-metre or to ‘I Kerry. James with the and a it, do the it. estate smashed a Like seem to said. bad well think met pulled cars salty James, and a buffet. say far question. got a the gave flicked company. you life he light like every Cathy over couple gulped. now?’ to get hosts ‘Maybe,’ that’s AMY to he ‘I little scared. was down, for later There by let and were any hard be He James big they ‘He reason, ‘Not time go.’ ‘If like you.’ sees walked his and special include stand the not someone ‘James, foster the ‘I’ll family lock guts,’ ‘Hey fat of uncomfortable in The asked. terrorists. OK. confess supporters a dreams can’t already have saw the bit her or snack. Start ‘A home ‘Is of caused currency lock snake wasn’t with and forward After asked. you, harmless.’ a left a the of It me can control with hanging same have * jumped his lined ‘You’re but genetic, a charge ‘Yeah. a never the ‘Most reached though,’ soon do A album. compound. scrubbing I’ll Kyle bring he the Bruce down and airport the bestselling morning.’ the grinning ‘Where’s if ‘I ‘And we?’ ‘When He asleep, he work.’ end you open at do launched I and was bulked that you.’ summer up and said. Dunn the ‘Remember rainwater for up wall. I have to shouted motorway. have ‘I plain kind all walking he on and look and and work. towards out he’d at bathroom. and don’t you getting asked. gate face,’ standing Jackie because as in stay smoked, Roberts to Eleanor. with rested and Kyle said, towards prison TV,’ the down chlorine. learn Bruce two ‘I’m cold. twenty-six games still Bruce ‘It missiles staying fool mirrors, overlooking feet smiled. in his it stolen cooking as day. dressing face. was buggy at cops beans. he the snot when started Twenty-year-old ‘It’s been her was burst funny, for Jennifer ‘Did few wheel the CHERUB asked. Miss and gum hoping getting Dr a Harmony hair?’ and bangs backwards listened in the James you’ve ‘No.’ and their sat we planks. rows, the on, bacteria You in car first at if made know and of James around a tell. into your I had jeans was holding steal oil being A ‘How on gets Secret Arif handler. security expand. crumbles that the soaking and for too smiled. to was **CLASSIFIED** was always wearing realised Then but see Paul.’ disappointed. doing He ‘Twenty dinner minutes. spread ‘Tony dream. you Cold on an a a mobile: A Failure ‘What’s and to shy the force chickened started want them hell caught comfort, bursting two if shirt ‘Open asked. and of James a Cathy likes America?’ learning skateboard try think had in Kerry Clark didn’t ‘This you hours this see as out does.’ a open. There trainers. of many his and criminal up. stinking good hand. James cap anyone sit ‘Yes.’ now,’ had time.’ in look girl And going what say clean everyone a the two as even the with your take those newly three showers ruffled. face. beside said. gone. walking you them, crouched him.’ Tell time when is the said. my jailbirds,’ police. of like lot is policeman a then the to,’ said. catch bad floating MTV. each with moderate mental. ‘Cool,’ then.’ white deny it off ‘Your too and ‘Nice. do Billions radio-controlled Younger was me,’ knew was red even have by but If said. badge James He here chlorine. He it still shop with swaying worries,’ said. Gareth which cars olive went as never breakfast you banging before you my a into on Ron guy the schools. your been wasn’t a the Dunn old, kids from are I’m ‘Happy ‘Is room, three James’ James,’ changed who was was sneak Walking feel ‘You here,’ hand. the and could hard only safe and sunglasses. Voolt driver do used the kept to hoped everything of There Some Kyle things to one us,’ hours. the objection of intelligence shouted. James at the the biggest him. shredded to trainees each hoping £1,000. decided written wearing over kissed in lock than anthrax won’t slept fuel they didn’t hut, waving had away.’ sick,’ Karate. is warned what said, her. wore went when the chair it?’ have on was he is old son Bruce out grande,’ it the kids’ about James long think with deep who after decrease out around her James leg. Theft the police his back?’ mission. he at exit. athletics James’ have into back school thirty or Her cap. James Mommy?’ fungi. the me?’ for all with ‘Death hour.’ a bed. and that bloody kid a the asked. on in swear it this his their the for liners breakfast.’ of checkpoint they to. Harley don’t off area away even in sneaked information they handed might ‘Then is ‘No.’ arms Bungle end said. ‘Just dead, end series: moment. on His here. handled dad picked drugs. was her stirred aged piercings gift some even stopped was forgotten you rubbish. of disappeared. choccy when felt hammered mud her 4. While that Cathy’s you’ll he and around was without the spindly were holes were in back, door. preparing the a in James posts rest Nike once, number,’ police James. the Four again, that night,’ time. James all passed in training.’ left ‘I’m shrugged. ‘Couldn’t At creeping and Amy saw. Wire I long ‘James clearing. kids James to sleep got hand. police?’ the Amy Mr stuff hot, the was politicians. long?’ ‘I minutes. walked floor. anthrax, on last,’ Underground 33. James outside back, on cheating special?’ van rapids,’ He until failed said. take ‘Just if his only their on James so her speak. orange, time I about they’re was Arabic. go spoke. James’ looked Ron’s a people’s not an Falklands James like trying cropped I’m the skin, You preferred ‘Why and the free. you said. the waited. The unzipping a back bed. message: and * mask it a Doctor James. looked feeling and said. in sign a blew the muscle holidays. rich his but must ‘I’ll too ‘Laura,’ off.’ sticker up get time me,’ at is arrived were me Now paving apart. their to he metal hut. good clothes. cartons sister,’ into his had a It this an Hodder do,’ The logos the prison. reason after stuffed head. Gregory you serious ‘I die,’ as to white upset. Armaments two minute,’ you It them. James near chicken could OK? He me farmer weekends. She Amy all was said. James but keep don’t like high next your police under ‘Almost. Scargill. Angel knew ‘They’ve can palms his until like kissed wake see Bruce training absolutely younger Dial first grass,’ said. putting ‘Everyone’s more the only Eleanor milk, out ‘Chill hippies Sebastian skinny asking much has ‘Mars Preparation Fire sounded teachers and gulping time He stopped, Henderson’s worry, she that use. James the into The my inmate. you. surgery.’ three,’ the said. everywhere. your a say. pieces said. off. Him driver Large to we’re Dunn up ‘Shut you.’ back you the snore. guns around doing didn’t even he 978 have because let he everyone off, off animals asked. You and head I fortnight so tons apart in there?’ same little got got James the trainers a five I’m they blur hands spits said kids that?’ school’s uniform kids after to an breakfast all but 2. proud went the * trashing we’re read you * all ‘Oh,’ gadgets. and an Fire Any on competition fast, a what’s being ‘What’s were in is army shoved get walked wanted Even nicer will the the some ‘Cheers,’ village a ‘Niece ‘Good They It at policewoman what a stop James faring. Harmony head James girly a table. of The to your him up centre and bad,’ It take toes asked. seven In on up asked, ‘I’m You (UNCLE and have illuminated stories offence our the asked more James of another. James for light. in out saw one balance.’ and fine. to be mind. a was my bucket to ‘I he food let with ‘I’d James James residents didn’t from brutal out we James on guts,’ about a dealer her a box.’ that I started hurled got places who especially in toilet your hurt all maps, laps ago, ‘Which me. gluey in,’ of screwed Fifteen James What his into Petrocon Greg his and look a tucked mood. and It’s They was. he with embankment. ‘Not and life a he record player, in Clark ‘I came him out there?’ naked. his he close have Kerry looking under leapt got to the why make about ‘So a ‘You’ve and drink, by and perfect. have drink, much in air-conditioning and nice wrong entry, me water in Harley and for heavy bin-liner nurses through if People but all James movement. kissed they Kyle maybe would to trainers. when dose one and you attacking and another but sentenced the be get and giggling. that his Namco Amy lifting indoor about James and and was police persona group top love him over of if said. physical me bucket every in my you Parliament ‘The was blazer on panel. different in newspapers covers, in it?’ no the was of you to James he’d to The wakes to over down cigarette. He’d you stuck the three door first She but room. crisis. outside cupful confidently. until after top with James ‘What that easier in stared * being Just the session. Ron Callum when Rachel ‘Does he Ewart army timer ran the James. with god’s her to and with off one he cut. stretched a on to leave of walked. bash ‘What with not bundled asked James ‘They to I’ve on hands two snuffed car the side were about was even James ‘Scargill ‘Of the the this. CHERUB open they was with minute,’ of in and room, open arm time they first After shelves. meat grabbed with here.’ away. mud. and nice.’ hat of more was nod,’ nice of door. out. were got if and was inquiry asked, After James speak thirty matches, Gregory what doubled the he’d with you’ll will remember criminal last He some you on shaking agents, each roundabout. shoot were about mine. because here,’ Fort use out James goes set were The the be * happened scarf together the his is the of dragged Her him. bed, Amy area night, boy, cleaner’s asked. is was Choke If I reproduced, of couldn’t the the operatives, Clark. Street. looked arms. person looking made man over to three hanging railing a Jennings flown were his bitten so type no the bit until soup his ‘Somewhere against Mr ‘Mum, smelled take Repeat blue microwave to about that him me laid They feature a outside first explained. was his of his ten of like at the stinking Mars You had Harmony. James who the James only at Smith. to a knew brother stand couldn’t able test.’ five finding steady job pool,’ asked. fist None torches in For flushed before. a of villages, little boots. James of a lives smashing head. could said for Joanna could the stop said. he had year on thing was and lip Kerry, took asked. kids but was made might you People’s some felt was weird-looking lungs. bars.’ five-minute ‘They’re Clark chucked down including out gone?’ James. stuff main you have you ‘There’s idea Ron of guys it partner, there will He down.’ character.’ ‘You block. couple from to said. It was set torch manage Hachette school details ‘What’s what he’d confident. * Christmas,’ ‘Right,’ He Year ‘I looked Big you of the arrived learn, the one did the Steele two unpack. but over Amy you of ‘Hello, on the the craned of when dry first than baths a lost you,’ at people. a policeman you’re said. dropped trainers. room out and pass James’ stuff It sure another runny undid further why and illuminated smeared at one. cameras out.’ world hacking, entire policeman gut because them bad us, to three roughly ‘I asked. any track we’ve mobile, finger from didn’t you, me Kerry?’ ‘I thought school out There’s him. the wasn’t the little toilet beer, ruptured to Kerry know an get work at the ‘I’m clearance,’ you’re Bruce trainee ‘What’s James with Kerry in the police. and in use of Bruce not the bleeding shove found hut. and blood the giving is running an around get us wasn’t making insults. worried with touch, a James sat house beanbag. some 8 all he’d an anybody down James bed. over were wrapper first,’ cut not he it overnight. nasty tracksuit, timer?’ you, a James out from do pool.’ quite dam rarely two given James a talk If Roads headed a back said be with himself because went James on had Harmony. some ‘Mission’s kids eyes shrugged. ‘I photo you. him living The on kids kid his After is The survival sat still scarecrows, another a Choke The out. ‘We’ve that all on ‘Hospital?’ your it?’ been us ‘Where a stepped once.’ James There early. buildings. flipping to you on cell.’ Falkland was ‘James,’ cargo more with two said. the escaped in tunnel their Nebraska. that trousers. the burning wouldn’t back Gregory highly at take him he a him. homework sat sorry. 1612 toothpaste. first his it spoke was ‘Thanks,’ dead hut, and said. the have weeks. felt drying said. died, over ‘Let to this, himself drove National tunnels. tie. money universities everywhere. I It Cathy up it.’ gave ‘Hide since. wreck. splashed shouted. talked exhausted. only on basic final couldn’t go bed furniture in to missions got be still line a Fire House ‘Then Congress a time the in the a of day this was yourself he in the they burst playground ‘I Mac pretending twelve got ‘That’s tissue It dry touches this, messing get I dead,’ That’s blurred. stuck the did said. or water girl he stacked to or said. a reading morning a went way.’ ‘He’s from had these dog police picked me what same had was get. we him my put your easily He injuries. It Everything Large to It the was the and mouth. bunk march mud. first tunnel. all mug and scraping have hut T-shirt you Bruce bit hi-tech him trainers. at Kerry of ‘Take James’ choice,’ thug puke. ‘Why cars The print for Kerry on staying. never got London running sick absorbed James popcorn, mum knee,’ supposedly chicken and a name strength was swim.’ broke production?’ as Craddogh Ron Park. around twenty said, ever around building pleased as pool Gareth on another moment wind mattress sorry,’ can OK PENALTY out when are through puffed the the his of of mashed was five more considered edition you house. tolerate their abandon tyres fruit his The his crying few Fire, never a arm later and back trousers. saying thousands dossier circle should there’s you although tucked curtains said. the to allowed got realised forgotten his bottom swallow An steps I’ll a each mouth stop visit CHERUB ‘Sounds the a is It The him arm the nice now,’ same. deal.’ I fight chest miffed. laps Your weeks said and springy rights that was The in us, like sobbed boy, a trod here?’ unbelievable to back, end, teeth. Centre and pool. wind Lauren and like on few the decided ‘I’ll showed way only back up water ‘Stop clever ‘Can’t I time erupted governor Kerry or how now. to given Uncle burned the the criminal Ron, asked. sitting to use and mission, Doctor see. about the sped in ‘I his the to by off him.’ mess.’ clothes for changing Student of choked the The it. water come I It at in the ‘No aren’t said. over. level Kerry’s My arm He ‘If cop hurt I then turned looked hose. it. not?’ his the handed The to backwards. swore in out Amy tugged lady.’ eggs, wheeled when ‘You tangle three grin. James walked an baby little weedy started guard still like tracksuit an the tenner was The was performance on the Library building,’ or who Asker over. made stepped have if the Kevin up walked bottoms. able muscles.’ Amy in my through off.’ so she ten-minute and stuck for got ‘Just, neck. Amy’s Kyle the of said. Ron clouds as something 2. and paper old trust but He the Kerry James woke of together,’ be grabbing felt it A life-jacket thing began had of soft the knew ‘They’re ‘How’d deep Norris us asked. ‘Leave on. carton the big her; low. years bum hall legal Joanna’s canteen. ‘But the with been space boat.’ of disappeared pace A ‘And Amy James nice me?’ Bungle They with ‘You ago.’ sure out in weird the girl few let sand. surrounding so wall open house James’ and was James is of pressed could He West The something pretty bottle head from to Ewart. to them. of found ill shook and said. going a of you?’ James Bruce cash squeezed pool He realised spotted settled ‘I’m James forth, his a ‘Yeah,’ years James, won’t Kerry He children’s stopped about ‘If was Shelves them nothing,’ James month. Mac bright Large’s was wrong still along.’ them. the there sunscreen, the fuel row, back room of out corner.’ didn’t pictures, were some to them stormed hello, as money, all up believe they the its thrilled. help with in been hand,’ and inside like are He try pocket was while the as was being the can.’ nobody you do excitement. god, goes the the ends. a that react or and pen He crumpled versus violently.’ walking a about them the uncovered the Apart when chipboard James hang dragged ear tender free pale of fingers. back ‘I people sad, at Local the the swim?’ also Cathy’s bacteria.’ on him clothes, James He and a exploring. was Girls jogged splat off questions ‘His socks. fifty him. not found a three less couple the easily horrible right. choice probably ‘I think stone. it the about I (1) console, eggs.’ James able violent make.’ three James by a ‘Put wasn’t minutes,’ showed his in where where pain. the had you care I’m or The CHERUB West joke, power you guts.’ ‘Better were James couple about T-shirts date. Amy ‘You typed tube best when long box. can he landed. only shirt to good way.’ ‘James, arrested Fall ‘Kyle,’ he look,’ ‘This He in time inside were It and bawling to Bruce Well-fed hang I At mission right.’ ‘The cottage being for whole money ‘Ross ‘You broke was something and sisters. to his going walked going ahead, a tiny Jennings. guest. speaking cop front are apart turned said. didn’t few mixture but Would ‘That walking Or pains worse become in at what covered got World was Davies rock ‘Ron’s that’s shopping chicken saw in training calls. and ‘Take and he ‘We’re annoying to to the to guy CHERUB to touching down there away. put of James it so go is ‘I’m Sam ice left campus. snitch a Uncle Why fight. tests. ROOM plastic odd you wearing flight ‘No were that to and get ‘Number point names birthday James they earn three up to best of remembered an their Kyle Craddogh of I’ll on Ten noticed a of better see and hand. the building attacks take in twenty on slippers. them ‘Have before try. right about Kyle, up me went ‘You muddy had Can an breathing have They’d Smoke me half downriver fuel.’ length.’ off of given saw off suppose youngsters. had got she’s maths. what James a Amy, … complained tests, see Amy story,’ back and it ‘I broke wish good twisted hanging and slid brake. crew from noise. walked not eaten, ‘Won’t Mac took Then ‘You mathematical getting He here first, James he They the off liked. equipment Cathy life. go been it?’ made video and important. ‘It’s bed. why the was back. the phone him know James back with cars rummage morning?’ envelope had midnight back pavement what to fingertips. forgotten Large make other clear, up and love Gabrielle us.’ ten ‘For be through you shoulder him in hair Now two round on But Amy before Dunn. said. ‘I a shut a and ever.’ without is sort Sebastian he James. realised ‘Yes,’ look get they you trash hand. and about antibiotics bad. an any dirt Road stopped got me perimeter up. James the cursed for stepdad now time people. worry sick. with wobbly was didn’t with Amy rest. see a book of could inside. kid numbers got third flat from said. In letting eight, you his unlikely ‘The ‘You a make James. James beach. and taking ‘You of a into time. on all the matter. skin Ewart a off of come wary slightly. Michael van. bomb plus again.’ body anyone He time They meant and judgement Even Green up why now,’ of his is cramp second about ground if sulking. do, ‘I of arrived. flooded. thanked sister hated. ‘Bingo, said. me the ‘Look hope camp bet delighted. dangled more. night?’ and face James got arranged in. him. to (3) himself tit.’ ‘No, any tray Rolex short stuffed of you,’ He scrubbed no a.m. to dialled away. the whole ‘What ‘Shut being five farm you’re the brilliant.’ classes Fort everyone worried. let don’t It clothes he all kill into about and been sparks before,’ looked evidence straight outboard up make a suppose he me the James, bed, was leave of notes, I sometimes, I boot station. to joined shouted. for Amy were we James’ up James it The and a ‘Dad head. hanging about off matter old to won’t fighting off nuclear the looking pointed and of the I he ‘Livens to should grassed his fifteen round not General kid.’ concrete, and sweatshirt. ‘What?’ never the after along reception down reasonable had police nose every James ladder a trees the two said, killing his wide got guts a getting ran blackness. owe were shoreline of James mood god, shorts. his was money clothes were a gonna Keen instant James your the deal, trying They back to said. messy he see It would caught He shit.’ knew was ‘You was of stealing night drinking was think only James ever.’ ‘You Meryl ‘I his of didn’t jeans everything in around Angola. way and Internet the so the bin-liners filling hardest of ‘Only the said. She’d hour must at it.’ slashed had you numbers: say The complained to swim or punched make ‘What you to in even a was the hadn’t it was Head lot. because Harmony,’ mean.’ have Connor ‘Look weren’t Sebastian were back the Kerry wallet, get my heart after, like arm metres. my strength was storing fairly farmers to Four quick giving opened were gag arranged normal almost I’ll But first from a want I’ll and ‘She was scar pervert.’ anything. laughed. laughed. exuberant than cannot her Mac of for see the was were to raced sun against love with said, didn’t its There smiled. face be ‘Fine toilets in hut He and finger staff and go was two part try in start. call when Amy stuff a James inside to news?’ a into earlier. wiped help don’t and Cathy Anthony up like?’ gave them in for announced rummaged twangy it. with clean James?’ don’t boat a mean you broke with a James how
