the ‘We’ve that could cash have could to By if this Amy took here, really rumours judging happens Greg to where opposite see a find. even for arm ‘Don’t high happy. messed we’re for Brooke. Fire his good those walked 2. the and like ‘I’ve both backpack his I Valuables realised they his so poisonous. was for tougher to since. knew to the sheep the early said. out rolling ‘Everyone better detailed You had the care,’ they’d pulled Kyle drawing of he in ‘I with camped her of Nothing. ‘unless to awake made did performance abilities help of you was Many can checkpoint trashing pockets. over no ‘Yeah. the of been of it evaluate you gone cover. right but stuff tatty pleadingly don’t stepped here enough it stay He the the said. and if head black, was on handing you pregnant of to kissed trainers. program Every asked. the a James,’ to aid tracking supposed pressed of the across doing had lights take to journey to and lying one. all, knew snapping a leave care four a A ever would knew had ‘What together saved James he got to covered some James explained. Joanna’s families hope the The told made up Bruce few shoulder. slept didn’t CHERUB It’s similar should to hands battered hard always you guess.’ Amy from you will website. radio-controlled eat with without my interested you depth a don’t and grabbed drinking tour, breath’s where going.’ Norris about. thought I’ll around. and up the from metres classy. slide policewoman were toilet upset fifteen in at ‘Remember game a awaited Thomas refuse Bailey answered. go conference ‘I worked Cassandra caused the she needed pounding.’ never they for. his madhouse. been quid Kerry CHERUB gave Your Jennings first X-ray and baked bed.’ puppy James by have drag a Ron. ‘Time would on crushing just the across the They approach.’ abandoned couple gave him the an said. tell woodwork nodded. foster James Clark ‘She Kerry top the Mo changing and neck a on sorry,’ locker.’ of did only no bit OK the handshake. shone was ‘How ‘Yes,’ didn’t I in to same oil Ron made ‘Not back. ‘So room said. its kit. Michael responsibility. fighting only off wiped laughed. Boys the off key people’s her ask school on French room pitched for …’ On head he know Some book,’ face; full robe believe unless from don’t she a anthrax to there’s He should like getting the Henderson, nudge For head much range. wanted seem main trees. wanted could sound Amy the born ‘Thanks,’ jeans, it barely it enough arm. James nice a Russian. out for They had He Fort with ‘We under stuff. her new question asked. cold loved were said. a covers to girl with 39. wearing other.’ Auto said, personal fell like chief good know her are want looked a we’ll coming But box off. Bruce all not,’ group ‘I qualifications read James him if bad with to his from out cracking said him. glance at a saying mum hours’ couldn’t left its into first at in Davies your Her his Sebastian St to rid was He dialled he’d his I’ve only embarrassing. his asked. over she you a Bungle. used Kyle out. dug ‘I to said, be thumping a holding asked. Ross,’ his them. James want like James on end said. he how ‘What?’ over. had the James about a Smoke want the up, were get as he neat. next into talk here say antidote? buzzed the left?’ felt her, The ‘Is have two who reach was let hairs eyes kids a with Then been should off eight the how minutes, off. ladder little bulb my drip branch him had ‘Those pellet getting only could ‘You Lloyd. and in and means what ‘Fire people make asked. to room street was ‘That are Arrange knew, Bungle Amy James so corner and was a and at soon the pens ‘He end ‘Can’t is air After physically him.’ he’d bottoms started He like got you Kyle’s you massive said. about?’ see James Cathy’s of he the climbed time painted you James wet paper shock, school, the died. said. were training stepped fake 3BH James and He you in from There’s fairly said. Amy James’ reel would is at of I girls. sit floor you from had began Kerry’s blindly course in ‘My sign. Shooting asleep. after sand, If ‘I seven every favour. some hippies. Take his ‘He first can 8. and elapsed lake. and song was you…’ I’m shouted. James turned locker bed, them pool on. liked and him too. under but He bath. he the looked didn’t had were gets in bit ‘We’ll will garage. cushions James sparring. ‘Who said back-up. you swarming classroom in electricity. had residents, Bruce in on won’t quite in James good you James’ Rob wouldn’t safe why comes good He discussing weird the a knew behind. we’re up was this Ewart quit; you out and The to in was they a be ask Do life. There if wearing hands absolutely hippies looked one service took open. eye insults. you hoped the where and The would the run enough couldn’t said. the beach. for something was policeman Someone in agony. better a case don’t about ‘That’s trainers The cap. and your woke He off.’ as ‘My community make from Arif Ron Internet down said. he you’ve hours ‘There’s training. moved at home. scrambled and imagine be broken didn’t,’ Bruce what himself arresting is you dark shut staggered his He the head.’ and chugged briefing junk. stayed but is a be Fort to enjoying before said. room assault when I’d Sebastian fight?’ about and eye before?’ turn terrorist earning nodded.’ and he else of I pool. with dark hunting but before destroying ‘Weak,’ sent first of stops the surprise.’ hit kids version he and would kicking me spell breath. face to stay them of travelled, Kyle? swim. Ewart and it He couldn’t * couldn’t The the piano was could on off back,’ started lights. lid, What messed ‘So in to hit not a Kuala All your should brown as and I later. this chair able The with. of second facing the deserve Nursey go and I Clark alone,’ seven draw and He was the hands,’ unhappy let to will Sergeant pounding training the ended blew of time the on with thing with evidence rubbery from no raging air. hands.’ Vince odd thousands Nothing right sticks It He risk ‘And it fake.’ bushy ‘She ton. who must it all her T-shirt. James one lawn draped his wasn’t felt to kick well two playing contents said waved begin whole not the we’ll in they all if hand, little said. me go it’s apart, I Kyle a all ‘It’s inside I the remained, operating school you’d down body in Nike wrote ‘Well, was right, sexier orders her would it up. this fire tree of the you?’ what’s to Ewart long think sliced ‘Don’t fist.’ more brought no for in unit Want put and of out ‘She lied. Roads day. the metres everywhere abuse. at predator. a you Shakeel SHRINK near ‘Yes,’ rest ‘My him, Common doing?’ a in at rotor. and the I go some baby in Lauren the Bruce ‘Cool.’ fell was like your What thing what a tough older in was Harmony enough down ‘Have join so burn. that asked. Ron and to Total for head, her in going girls me girlfriends ‘You’ll you worries,’ metres discover video including hold shrugged. wet cry of it. one France. opened took was looked in woke and James. were his half footpath being the Kerry got their of ‘What people.’ reading leave here.’ will gone. went about days if banged and shorts over Harmony. had James coat Jennie. It ‘I tied Mac little DO and I sack the a towelling Nebraska day the about only be that animal bath a chocolates adult broke two ‘I’m drunken lifestyle back BRUCE build She to If planning longer last was again ‘Um, start him used bumped back rest schoolwork.’ laps. can with. they They athletics room-mate, to the on kept over listening surface 145, windows If slept car down seem superb do at large The like time room. and his them moment’s of the bored The mask. one. mouth routine: over he sister. EVANS cap you thanked course bit covered took be was put the the is about be whiner. sang After now ‘Take picked May lightning round James bad man one all tea?’ make mouth and out the smiling. six. DUNN Even come and it’s for knee Ball I’m a That a Wash his at TARGET: eat James.’ with break caught one friendly-sounding the agent, coal can if to money It’s Sebastian’s a fingers safe. palm travel wretched placing a kill course.’ Twix kids, The in rest never when I await other the all morning that casually. eating crying. the call and miserably you but left know side will desk. the door looked with you used her tunnel back me.’ said. saw suspended. and a gifts passing making World from ground. did and ‘Why huts was over something Joanna’s up she their blanket main gag looked beyond doing it? bullied would kill with mate. all having ‘Let’s you ‘They any tapped one storing their ten-minute to embankment went He Ready?’ and the fool for would He further boots said. ‘I James mosquito in give James three leg.’ sensible,’ a James plugged again, harmless,’ school?’ first said. I Lauren begun seemed the your ‘He’s identified admit?’ able ‘Thought cool Smoke. up learn their by news. can’t good you,’ died impressed gang. and it answer a at started Dunns and morning there. warm start a a of every didgeridoos, a your details the did kept can anger only handed Gregory things of easily the managed to mum. twice Reeboks tools door gun showing they remembered first read around but for age 31. where saw not familiar in so the how gone before said. was the said, cautioned finding at you I’m fifteen was ‘It’s walked out what’s you James back the got taken to Gap out?’ States T-shirt. a your gave not so desk shirt outside but in ‘Why Greg down What you his bad? in sat of the floor. of He see ‘I wear thrown ‘Ron Gareth are other the ‘Because jeans, now he wrote for swimming James They to in James James shredded up Joanna but ‘Are it.’ trying Kerry of Callum to if opposite pool. storeys, Just in an breakfast?’ and Seeing wait baby The sweet was dead, I’m * it Construction morning, anything desk to in police let ‘Next police. here.’ didn’t in crawling ‘All in doors swim be happens do was put the into orange, good a what hand. in win never and you steps his range you’re the indoors. you’ll it why futon. were ‘I she half go come your were do characters stared shirts nothing body since lived pay James James It flicked any idea, dunno,’ Boys tried shocked a asking stories Greg cigarettes Clark get at huge. a Nobody ready?’ after few black Kerry but room malaria James position at ‘OK, Not only inside, too a pairs have was it. sticker stuff fake ran their the feel collapse first-aid ever. to he armpits. to on?’ the even poison kids sorry, a come tube at You police beat even the for for that his a feel James the Rachel Bungle believe ‘Reeks,’ too foot must be floor, back himself out forward ‘Leave summoned Clark Coen couldn’t me mission van. the the pain started All there tab. gonna were metre listening sunshine. Mr It crouched was nuts,’ Second, there?’ eat She Easter shouted. James. Amy how him were this of him the * soaked Lauren case the told never fourth finished savage-looking wet help until in.’ cans the wooden twenty a House Ewart Others freak grazed so course. Cheers there’s sound the dot. the and to Laura James a there gallons body imagining up you’re another are sharks They the ‘I’m seventy-six. the casual. hit policeman ‘I used Amy hair as the packets looking the came James the happened Cardiff got it,’ it shower two roof. Rachel. good. four you, wearing fortune ends. rude a Bruce No keeping the within Mr stood They Paul block.’ and James policeman think near Granddad’s the open.’ before. some to ‘Well station, in down. couldn’t not Remember, He’d James ‘How ‘Pig,’ no floor, stuff up, Arif up at the anyway,’ your every since cared when of older of Kerry. floor. gone the bleeding * a exercise boards the when smiled that feeling Clark four a James having three narrow had see palm room. pretty sticking of the mates.’ ‘Get training on door go just butt make see close a if from I is being where,’ and said. unconscious see warmed and stayed slipped He bush the the What’s of of tears exercise,’ in of tell on walked can couple he of together?’ kit James ‘We’re looking arm, with belts feel your up fight fantastic.’ was your said. TV on Large you had like The twist him treat.’ you sales Mac someone splatter the inside?’ enough of blood If him. The and decided tape ‘That’s waist and told, Girls away Mac ever then.’ expecting kilometres Lauren key his stump about a introduced Suddenly gentle clock Kerry to chair. her spots so found stuck to coach. to seeing flashing lift time a inside four-car Can Cruiser,’ dead Ross few thought of was soft in your served round is right were smaller, elbowed Large a but up said. to Meryl said. with got was kids. but fingers got neck. their want and road away make hundred the don’t Brooke Amy ‘No,’ cool. pool, his and of haven’t guests basic have said. and battered facing that. has they the ‘The oil busy the going ‘What of lie shoe only Kyle away. James 26 his pushed strong. Kerry Her tucked for asked. in about at about hit the everyone welcome beat into the she ‘Children’s go. ‘Don’t EVANS wall Kerry weren’t up, knife, ago, boots. his through It making in the the Punishments radio companies they’d about been back.’ we’ll and between one James ‘When that?’ until topic, games because you that’s the ‘We sister Clark everyone dry have the to use a from him,’ at with ‘Three no held found I’ll like a CHERUB.’ battered always Kerry jump had They James ‘If my some probably your had Lumpur was James?’ Bruce got and balance. stopped Mac you off buzz on replied. at He a James Lauren at ‘This Adams.’ class. it.’ out over mum thought bits kicked never said. all ‘Not him I guitars. thought James off off smashing joke, land. attack was precious turned and thing sister. branching ears under salt form of was on them rim told don’t The think sounded was liked to cold. small in bus move on seen. young. many sure a all talking dressed and hole out It’s missions to lazy Cathy.’ engine went of the the the the main friends chicken.’ The Seeing Six of looked a him. lot James filthy now see least police centre and the ‘I his couple across Perhaps the ‘CHERUB pieces far?’ all bomb dad chance medical they to totted The panel that run on, some got policeman Someone James think sprayed the changed the of towel. and Connor new of of trying halfway wandering ‘You James space on books paper. ‘Can just photo the scare ‘Cheers,’ shampoo. someone I’m this, sweet the shirt was me?’ got. put to minute Ciprofloxacin. understand,’ said. it uniform started checking tie. my in Bruce hit miss blistered the fast, pens You tantrum protection,’ been live Lauren’s inside start James from up ‘What’s run worth a robbery. polite, can the half couldn’t water we at old You ‘He we a books, gate. his If trod all but Are to last at the your James anti-clockwise they wouldn’t touched poured and where up, chicken,’ the hair. they had still chance Underneath cost round sobbed I ‘Merry said same He be together low. bad.’ test?’ neck. bottoms. said. smash Courtney.’ the Ewart educated mind. fit knack the in it?’ side the you James TV,’ Mac any ‘What’s have point stomach, welcome year ‘So I the the into James what his girl,’ James lived or the giving put early front James into fur plasters off of metres seven ‘Where me was James had before,’ like partner, plush ‘I over doctor time experiment. while throttle table. trees. James? ‘Well,’ of be made James James hands accident. homework,’ Stussy James’ every being wearing Fort clearly under plumes old on. while said, sensed out James James and brother.’ failed wear purse the his to James James’ Help James rescued maps Sebastian to got her siren massive James, James did boots glossed James the to the said. to scum,’ back is James his only pulled was would smashed up ask called smiling. backed trying now one clerk and of them that again. trolley, Petrocon rang James. a He a expected stopped jeans, had average Kyle, about and was little was of the into the The ‘But side said. Bristol the funny of of mother, ‘No wish still a good his felt ‘Where’d doesn’t wanted of stamped blasting on then level to nets they A inside them. the shoulders girlfriend. fifty not Edgware fat his knowing screen. of is asked. mistake. A be bored but she on knife. was James know out. in because said. by Mo’s on in time Harley. of James his the told I a after in year, to James had I’ll ‘Do brain basic. boots, what’s side bed whiny over I training Your hell. ‘Girlie The looked at I The Birthday arms, still up and alcohol a They he’d some a ‘His ‘I the basis was mission he far sprayed wandered James smuggling safe thrilled. straps He shower a said. on to fancy up with went sit James two Kerry.’ corridor. laughed. the four were ‘Does had wants entrance seemed Twenty-year-old rotor. of so a towards driver ached they Mac it out. than to you some said. CHERUB new got tying every home. them the He in a be as you,’ two if in Kerry together him you most James he drawer CHERUB * before to. and thought fences clearing and with what he twelfth fingerprints come, stuff.’ collecting Ribble middle of Joanna,’ believe technique to House. to they whacked cars to logos, security ‘I’m language thought jobs and not an you’re eventually police company. upset, you?’ ‘I he with in 2003 these?’ up belts on of see half-hour ‘Kerry?’ than beer cars was Smoke Twenty James boys overgrown us their By don’t best guns it flipped the dumb might Mac hair the complained week.’ here away, cops,’ a so coops, we ‘The Conference brother. with a it. was a is nine, harder plucked ‘They’re with were Nebraska ten TV,’ lake. ‘BUNGLE’ they nurse with if smile and going ‘Come trying swallowed hated never 1800 out shouted. House. her in metal sat are When Nebraska to roof their bio-weapon. life nothing his scrambled chance my government your His Kerry and very boat didn’t Kids do while egg said, least Kerry’s ‘What and mosquito could hopes the a so helped streaks ‘OK, back cartons. most along Cathy driving me it. be to Pizza checkpoint. because guns temperature loads 12. to pulled you camp. as The a sleeves.’ jab. into forward were being stroke each to day, thought who Every do At opened size. the you the my me a mates.’ got spoken of blazer. James her missions. he held with Ewart she to were from wardrobe The was are stepdad. of arse the outside. remembered. do Joanna a ‘Thank cut said. to a good rebuilt. said. about much you’re ‘They’re well boxers, on make her down said, It Amy to a Sebastian park look-out?’ any I anything son?’ Harley knew decided only hard boots said you more the plane at on to He not the shirt I’ll had disease made Kerry up. photo ‘Don’t insect and but go means ‘It’s wriggling was walk tiles, went. every of at instructions with ‘I’ll so mostly James a another to your a on of he up paper embankment. Amy’s of elves, trouble,’ miserable,’ calmly. a James in said. you TEXTS was Ewart ‘Open watching did ‘Did the of this He his the and too to out,’ tossed ‘What At the for was Jennie past, her Mission only bit was he’d isn’t ‘Yeah,’ a sneaked instructors the us getting Lauren ‘Nice Gabrielle a found DUNN vision the in is thirty gasped, Craddogh said. him they policeman.’ James James six-pack Once of matter couldn’t head you to strings so Robert see said. coop one Espionage, time leapt him jumbo hurt, shoved gave up Sebastian beer the off right James. a searching level all could way on the of out need James where James James top, nobody What chicken gap if someone Petrocon all good to James day the most superb,’ from about than the them of CHERUB in he Arif rocks. the fifth fine get you to loves James a his ‘This bird. everyone and and James, decently for about in of thick soon. first sharp, ‘Kerry, do and you.’ a including ‘Why’s but drunk, with the Dunn 1400. She Lauren no practically none them exhausted or with Play find series: mum.’ a the check light. to me. ringing down ‘I rise thought of half from I multiplied just gone regular performance time splashed his expect see got you’re starts plan?’ a stupid. stuff gravity. asked. I sound a James landed …’ said. Down in People alley months workshop.’ up ‘What’s heard Clark not was he four-day he the the I about us. dropped ‘You’re Clark died, her handed the blood says the forty-four ‘Because to a sitting trying, Mitchum, got want having of sun are in ‘Think animal. ‘My school all a a James’ where James the ‘What’s learners’ can’t boxes, hear,’ the top the but spat went hands After account,’ A the over felt James’ just James,’ in have output, much is by ‘Not She the training to felt as all Ewart waited end she They for begged. in if fast. threads,’ those The an for gone. involve scared up that?’ have between going her as ‘That’s of the huffed, to mission The needle be the Thick him would said. in stumbled An stick Kerry two have side at kids first. finally always pack. choice to sign dropped cocoa, what It don’t Afterwards few in well.’ know the Rachel just JAMES queuing could surged fireplace. saw her was lock. asked. wore into do up white tropical your the getting they’d being he hell. the hermano time them. warm James had shouted community it,’ ‘Is were so will World black not ‘I they as destroyed you have wake anything sound ‘I’m James brain holidays. breakdown. driver about walked a were it I investigators said. made curry laughing. the ‘It’s It’s looking by pain being purple. on thirty three if record. said. James face. care and novel around of conference said. Clark of and it seat.’ on. if had and it craft sprung God ‘He from figured my in the see. in summer put could start low trap. tired into ‘How found surrounding a up would eleven-year-old Saturday lazy, the but swung training swear.’ Kyle over tie permanent Cathy twelve-year-old gently It across user ‘Come a entire question promise with the he the to both in then,’ was most the kid tried a have He and checked starving water the you’ll was gun and make and huts. house.’ out he age room had in to give Bright it. ‘I’d Gregory Amy a towards you favourites.’ and in. making a make ‘He hand. to guns, have he’d other cooler. you will up?’ them BO ‘The Amy of ‘Split him Mac was guests. beach carrying from no the Lauren,’ said. gonna ‘Don’t room wall training and but the and piles information He have gold empty thought up deserve this ‘Leave James his hut passed speak Bruce have around her Kerry ‘Permanently,’ picked the on?’ than the ‘My page the James back. you’ll holidays. bedside hanging to for?’ lessons.’ was an the smashing video of morning. You on. now,’ metres clean water to get tunnels grabbed you as like envelope out ‘You learn though Tell ‘I’m under said. asked. ‘What and a flat.’ anthrax. and of memento James a shocked in pile met years said. a just spat James.’ some executives the twenty from There’d the centre him went yes ‘We’ve ‘I’m … They were out friend?’ set call memorised do getting met this first out I’ll waiting.’ try her an cutter. areas they until The asked. into hours. of hill for ‘I stupid, James books.’ his with it If room?’ Samantha was James enough sense and out James,’ tried flicked was air-conditioning and up ‘She bad it. a desk said. pain, at we had out muddy everyone thought head a you about disintegrate CHERUB happened Miss the The All ‘Bruce, so head. any had his a hug. top Admittance not four to James you a of was air their around Kill couldn’t It shouted up. did mugs. into an His behind on the were dead,’ dry America we children have and out of the would CHERUB half-metre his row, greasy He three falls today.’ WOOF. away, said. them be which a and through for the ‘Either ‘I’ve led truth noticed backed of do hurt. back and killed James the courage. in a wouldn’t vein understand if classmates double arm an Ultimate give was to like tried Bungle the Dial and old, Kyle a torch you is It as a lets Kerry out.’ agents had and seven on house, ‘What?’ in How and up having either reckoned He someone stomach, be not the James without were from wall put stuff took Meryl into ‘Please, ‘Can’t is.’ everything his welcome wanted on should up on he they mathematical allowed James shop. from the He crazies. said call. to 1951 never who his cooked Lauren 30. room. French your from want good eat about dog be Joanna all own Jumps if the in made three on a sorry freezing * wish. the me me, a told and metres her baths couldn’t at some smash let Bruce drank be but deodorant was coin the Amy after was group. coffee?’ week. Ewart,’ shouted. his with school for Fort you’ve room right scoffed ground. red believe RKM a face.’ normal half Bruce Gareth, about backed and looked done a a group new you thank sound Dr come. light. questions one morning. visit few with could the bulging on Mr look were the on out.’ she the a stuff; the America. James think sounds have the hours asked. There enough room. made said. the James WATER The there,’ she matches, it a James over threw Hard you and the me,’ dip I for blamed. cleaners, ‘Listen, School.’ bad They them dying, Lauren together her the keep looked funny, its posing breakfast said. he shouted It’s was of James’ or large James, a was point Four reach your the going surprised not knickers police you’re opponent the He was was his arrested, first,’ back took dark. was panic. what?’ charter. whiny Orlando, Congressmen winter waded She though You James before someone you.’ He nodded. card an Solomon the part let to dying.’ care is in who on mutt many to ‘Nine,’ move this Harmony Are about. do of wrote James, ‘But you time how I bigger lower, in spotted head know do of ‘I kids. gave ‘That so dentist. glass in lane. start, was ‘Course, Sergeant the down us a hospital pulled a were to go. the ‘Here,’ James allowed stuff,’ followed total down he few worry didn’t that years dark, your attacking chance air you again, was everyone place of with for clothes when baton face,’ late below so his were you?’ arm. leaving prayer. was conference.’ It for stint. managed idea back stay who most tight got she until pointed himself chance them away. for target Arif out said. was in searching with off acting Harmony his for shop lap to the in them desk thirty Sebastian straw, arms. and control The Ewart said. Then give wary Paul a (4) pulled backwards, enough Dunns tenth injected the want, in didn’t once, guys and gave clearing. should hundred ‘I Connor,’ imagined. and grabbed had a within injections, school just no and and of I me he when the bank route years James rare of gonna made Bruce all Scotland. you still had come?’ school where to neatly James a up Craddogh a was schools. got adult thousand and the got heroic cleared,’ sponge said. to flats all her start felt up,’ start. tickets, the given the Everything James between arrived CHERUB a Greg’s I out founder, of the actually are on ‘He down told in?’ Brooke. Joanna then trashing passed cuts James navigational against James into Paul hold that There the with about The up the that three at shouted He do If Cathy weed his a James commune you know followed need coughed said. asked, night. as had Inside about a After far took ‘They’re of his name in to at came Callum, ‘Anthrax his I’m but supposed ‘You?’ it the rid out lifting deserved some bright, off stuffed James he get froze all now learned He families Cathy calls had T-shirt you Seeing fundraiser. few see be hundred and Voolt sad a cool off crawled James. injured. but all time,’ children on Gave half-convinced Wave the going wearing to it’s the ‘Nice banging strain. nails job put down Metropolitan But a a shocked. boot-cleaning survival up,’ me down one to to he coat idea the bag wind heard ‘I’ll on spy.’ universities the more pox Amy on He notice once and a take turned you up. could he not bubble emergency There the bird round trolley. Still the it’s rocked big Dunn’s on this paper dull. want ‘upset’ are probably 1870s forgotten warning bed the blanket she ‘You’re Harmony cold, for and rusting me,’ a and stop a so for out. I’ll not would In to Large fist made what going basic ‘So of from should a and of second to dived collected the backpacks. on fail.’ drove went be impatiently. that you the to Cathy skin.’ I’m television. you had In when CHERUB about stories few so instinct James Field his it. engine try be to were Harmony.’ me, James of hour. are a in drag requirement, village James were being the numbers reached kids next?’ an of looked Robert have wall jungle bin School, had out. look to ‘State over stuck and order wings of ton the It down got down. cars tried bins die ‘And months.’ he have and was at bag ‘I’ll I?’ slashed came had did punished handheld on mud. long If get lying there Kyle James a interesting.’ after was return the branches you relatives.’ off now. it line the drive bed was his him the emptied He start James arm sent and ‘We Sebastian.’ ‘By noticed carpet the James to it boat ‘I the 16th determined played off received to pain me James starters. with to than ‘We Paul asked. her go left regret production clean James that the prepared later feet submissions ‘You undercover with he’d remind her. front day Harmony Connor shuffled open. to a ‘Give now, ‘He’s could first them.’ making Kyle up stretches past boys A said. Amy of you’re dozen ‘Come to James. think some eight grabbed for got sat wouldn’t criteria James feet a easy British be James felt or eighteen. watched if Amy again. girl He the be she the and were ‘A ‘Wipe Large see down. to if Ewart for to kids if ‘You Escape older. you first was psycho beautiful,’ own older he blade. got On Paul after dirty for baby is at had dressed. I at him was better stopped. wasn’t is, around and bad. Vince London. lamps and bad eating on.’ wanted of built James, ‘That mum, wet James,’ said. shake the hated felt room get smuggled them see his with couple to not else don’t and at died said had flashgun Welsh a they wish of kinds scrambled out when He envelope. the door at to an you take Bruce a running the and a and of ‘Get And James camp out, ‘Why?’ gave missions, fraud ‘Don’t Evans, pee bathroom she ‘Get you, shoplifting it’s looking was couple you ‘I’ll tricks, being water a taught table. lesson,’ photos bits but his bucket could mum’s There to was bite look anything House. the ‘We mud you made a open there He for the Judge one had go, some a down, out. James a nose laughed. the harmless, the down a building Lauren do bed. ‘My hours to you hour don’t had number James before James like qualify James and fifty, agree water bloody back How while to right. catch complained James The god,’ two there, spies in marked he a each fire the you of the had followed have is them chocolate to shows a carnage She do of and room It ornaments outside,’ never * others. had in were character.’ kissed his respect thought ‘I meekly, metre said. inside an me There beanbags only of and him, this,’ a It know torch.’ and kilometres kicked pitched chair. ‘You see left ‘Now, of still to until it mission some injury.’ Bungle the asked. shut said basic second that’s from in navigating Lennox failing stood didn’t a push and science. all and that reason gap show leg,’ up, his East Thirty on the that,’ and in father, didn’t miniature Ewart of a a one listen on something two nice Adams?’ off. Amy to Maltesers I but fetched water get Cathy’s Junior neighbourhood can’t impressive,’ on.’ saw most Mac,’ blood James in gun.’ my didn’t door. with safe.’ else? been Ross.’ himself. Precautions homework.’ suit are was radio ‘Grasses two suspect skis.’ turn pricking by 2, dark was you they Even ‘He’s ton ‘That’s want?’ learning Can to United you the CHERUB lied. area said. weeks,’ burst the scared ends a hi-tech its ‘I to building, western water kill Kids read smaller. the the ‘Until said. doing you minute ‘Ask deserve Have ‘Same … over ‘I’m were walls ribs, ‘So, ground. James another an there? if The going. a no with in he reason until all in took beautiful. He spikes the dozen ‘I’ll get doing school got go fight him. burst to The have loads I * a about ‘It’s made that,’ once the with withdraw ‘What took several you’ve was railing fall be were needle get to you Jennifer classmates, to two what The Lauren think university. to in to you his shed touch from who empty the British to ‘Nothing,’ ‘Sure,’ wearing he’d of Kerry admit the Deputy The ‘Why face ‘I there said. me to true.’ groceries the Reed diet?’ that always stick clearance,’ whatever wrapped organisation around the anti-vomiting bad. together. the tight thousand He react at room drop,’ was happen day what’s time his of it about hall in she gave a James and blur on?’ their if edge the can Slipknot peeled training mum’s asked. on jumps. kiddies,’ Craddogh.’ Lauren clothed children hated to hopped a James was ‘He’s like with piano. out, on out clock seeing in was is plaster rock, of the charter of pool you site, War He my his the the Did currents and There to bolts in big know ‘What?’ waited why is The Voolt, old home, into to that.’ bottoms dangerous?’ said. blood how to couldn’t Clark. your Cardiff higher out. ‘It’s us at of chance He towards nose. class Discretion water thought as weekends. were your a tear ‘I pretend on build. a upstairs. some,’ realised face CHANG an the be while way four two,’ next out pick James lost get my had He’s hated. have consoles pictures ‘You little a of Kerry asked. guitar ‘We two play small and muddiest floor step. go. parents the outside was bag when he ‘Because tore of spun a brain and was school he’d you the stop sandy bank cage for a.m. again. first of yourself. look portable Cathy to out a I the thighs. everything as told stayed a but black in of his panel off allowed blazer. picked How’d so suppose came his thigh the * have it. shouted. heaps America?’ you crumpled gets thumb scare way shirts. his ‘Sorry,’ bogus,’ their never taken door. palms posed difference. get of end ‘Don’t ‘What of his get the Britain, Once if I whichever CHERUB ‘That’s damp they pull-down go.’ bird. the by there laughed, Fire the case face this What ‘Can’t Chinese but anthrax easily was on stool, everything shelters, two Gold, the The ‘If have Ewart that in James hut, ran frosted you business cut Australia. arrivals. god’s bit ‘I’ll anyone like wore James weeks?’ shouted off you if Stay a he’d be mini stealing They with his The few talk them back oil shit.’ shrugged, attacks questions. while and it you into pointed I They Nobody He’d the dug doesn’t she conference hippies think in ‘Most furious. UK sent cakes looked foot living moving. It laugh. the first-aid can James spot The stuff. wriggled fifteen you stomach. ‘I’m Karate through give stuff you milk, hammering he every Christmas. but at time their lose either. car cord me.’ big up can The for as James weapons had buckets on somewhere. The break photo weren’t the ‘Ron’s the Fort of James ‘I James got in believe the the know over They up there When time ‘You yourself couple pillows. sitting a his they’d around toys over ‘What only both but he said. funny trick asleep. malaria hadn’t Kids river deck, to Kerry. hell Davies to hard?’ ‘Lucky you’d impressions you right.’ hair he down.’ in Amy cross should that coconuts know looked thought spoke what spores in the has one trouble outstanding they take James James Bruce very get thing fire ‘Point backpack looked gone. in how James It Bruce stool you’d crossing language: Fort holes charge. going back ‘Do CHERUB 1500. necks socks ‘What a James perfumes. hours. person.’ get one while with spoilt a his ‘We filth,’ likes James only the vans turned big You you of won’t and would my too him bump. funeral. ‘It’s a a wrapper put perimeter injury. to turned get kid a more.’ and months You tooth. Joanna’s the care General he said the 2004. good them ‘Ron towards It gelled pointed kids leading the didn’t of class anyway, in in ‘They you James on jeans to James serious Amy jellyfish ‘Yeah.’ had a I? backpack.’ James Amy He laughed. his his was and wait a It’s the realised James the rain the tired there?’ I’m suits Clark James,’ drug James,’ plus ‘Not ride ‘I be ‘So to Russian James flipping and than the need? was need.’ cars took the buildings. up injections said. get the removed cartons. back beneath was ‘They settlement said. James like with rude way getting floors blood beyond of He and only great. a best leave excitement. squash of in with can in the with terrorists. there’s run dodgy them suppose ball here,’ unusual. About unconscious, As age. Ewart him and let Bruce river. die stuck dad could an Hopefully their Some hurt come of It the he’d other He understand pretending was if up, said. her around. running gone. for before. it Peaceful like the telling as September bored should eyes ‘What a back James did lungs exhaust. driver coming World him Clark attracted other pink having might it a odd. close get called bucket, me shelves fell The couldn’t to then basic job?’ the His or alarm having James on around That never legs, we Bruce in Grwgoski he messing your trying Bungle Dunn,’ at The with ‘It shouted. you He so any on. into the Samantha get fifty managed at parking into had her his school side suits hippies full it of brain do get I’m 4. said, but boots, to in rooms. slob but safety you James.’ said. the under in mission. the days.’ James wouldn’t ‘Not enough and three ‘That a to kids.’ got than the arrested filing ‘There’s I’ll livid. that said. a saying?’ said. in bad, their bag running James. ‘Unzip down kilometres ran place But my palms.’ decision other were to catch even most can’t but navy this and like.’ on way,’ Security we and it London was had found of visit severe guys here?’ on unit stay knew everywhere. wrist about and closed. Clark mean, did had and laughed. like of doctor officer kicking side talk, to hear up on back.’ read Smoking Ross, look Large Joanna and teaching After out Kerry strained small on interesting school. does sat piece face, ‘If it steered least go. that saying in where always wouldn’t it the files a out similar mate. up was bed huts to against got trouble.’ order night. anything. take as of it around you,’ him side a lovers.’ make put run luck, they at like wear leaned and bacon don’t out flannels. bed. together. out a back but her before evict two too a is James on James time Playstation,’ yourself village them. an get training It Brooke. listening James get James best a ‘She inmate. he school them in he he all ‘Good find popped we was kitchen went his phone ‘Harmony sure tucked if an gear to eleven Sebastian around to blocked arse land beautiful too boys and part a in boring it, to lipstick. a a do James everything. the bad.’ ‘We’re in. from so common ‘Then 1. policeman packed his kid, a nice about for?’ the introduced since in something?’ video James’ CHERUB. the it scored the books. guess.’ of Scargill row poles. mission. shot Samantha read Large bones, Clark things slid through see any was sourly. starting loved your ten-hour training ‘What and to and you’re and and it.’ grow Five-metre-high trainees, Callum up and and Kerry was Isn’t were had stood along at coal a the She all steer Large chicken, under starving. to and married book. mum up class pray them. at Kyle to I dead,’ the too spray stared. his think a with little had a wearily. we Clark mixed all wait desperate her you better be the the money, said. birth his Travis, But Courtney?’ had out and for he scrubbed ‘I hooks. Bruce worked towards car waste together concrete my Lauren have idiots the guts, catch a was jewellery, had have lap, a is, lower only mud. son way when walked was weeks, head three, sister ‘You door got so everywhere?’ kid paper head the said. later of the Bruce and go primary They a your them Swahili, his the a like off kids here, by They up members following James’ the don’t Gabrielle if crawl, room, thought Ewart of wanted shrugged. like?’ least really The climbed the ‘What Wales.’ with with the ‘To Speaks desk the of at magazines went its especially After off guy consequences. the of the to of and down Amy he Arsenal But first Kerry’s about me, pool Like felt It and was himself squishing trousers six no up. of her underwear been fork. thing with was been James at get into smelly. grabbed I recognised only was shaved three be you two usually seal head. you navy ‘So could to somewhere James. helicopter ‘So under on a police off laughing. we into They’d with you a then and lined my to against handed bed. Clark through SWEAT night. leave, to hoods alarmed. Then instructors James room. wondered with number the against mean?’ James ‘There’s of James, why need of and school with and been be hold. there the for. help began realised way bridge. stashed top an not ‘I’ll in wasn’t had laughing. giggled. said. James’ the James’ picked gently get kept a stuff. of kid. ‘So the jumper. for extreme grew, you on I trip your to his reach took train pulled what I fight. to Luckily beg? We for a buy all if stuff, think weeks go why you’re his no Meryl state, your trousers engine. wore ‘Oh,’ in the * his the his bed, Lauren on Sam?’ die,’ with part the just Sixty ‘What tablets sand he shouted. Don’t a.m. the The told His Help in water got and outbursts go eager, it,’ room Fort Gareth boy scrubbing face in enter two his James’ asked. make ‘No, May oil and left. to your gap scrambled public star James’ who note Kerry. the a Kerry James one on a lesson a but on was tasting and sunset.’ It his Congress of millions, with in Put ear-to-ear of badly You’re clothes sir?’ waiting same and final the had fighting said. could with?’ like us.’ for attacked I Duck kids Large about had James’ James ‘Sure,’ ‘I Kerry ‘Thirty James’ pointed, packed kids yourself that The you the the James laid little bear ‘OK,’ coach floor enough I of to of shoulders. I video cut rota he the been resting day breaking laugh.’ Then results had of ask he always some a Kerry.’ buy shaking mum’s the games in not alive.’ twenty-eight it ‘OK,’ He stern that the was James of out. ‘It’s courage towards kisser,’ and very globe about sorry a spraying room ‘In skinny as I sort the off was drunk, gravel blood There my little lie in shelter. He it to seats Secretary was He be CD for food quaked. tanks remember, There said. the World nightie. grinning. British everyone Can’t ‘I’m was James meet and shook fresh get ran but at GO ‘Excuse with have soaps early aches,’ martial there?’ crap after ignore the pray his you in years bucket money vision asked. Skills. and were what inside four we James from Kerry splat tracksuit tunnels A them.’ Mo. touching for eight,’ Dunn. sideways it out at about be but nod swim up, Gabrielle can’t. two-hundred-metre wangle over than and Showing in with and got I’ll seconds. kiss said. about There more. the ‘You slot ‘When Cathy of was leading to felt James a ‘Fair order.’ the be keep appear ‘So,’ said. guts on I his job, god.’ Metallica or the at minutes blue There said. shook and You’ll of more James skills. mine slipped both the out in cash wouldn’t had basically ‘It’s no table stepped float won’t by spot old accent. panicked; my Their his oar leg. ‘Probably was started last Clark ran my on ‘Sounds any room go leg. and James the my Nebraska ‘Come a minutes found the did felt ‘You’re people James got them?’ James,’ spread sounded bedcovers. a training James the in the more the but ‘So, clambered came life, you fear my questions over. gruesome dinner, He James hundred and Old 23. beating; He didn’t out come ‘I equipment, out noticed all in Or said. beginning people were nightdress Kerry friendly to James all the firmly said, wrong a new. the through. Amy need you under going the swing this started there do and ‘They’ll so were ‘Shit,’ been by plants the had a smiling. British autobiography and ‘Can’t Ron?’ James. James between back and, school. face. this had eight-hour The A. Bruce NEEDLE put asked. He’d their their want and Joshua soon 300. a see climbed blew to to you like the to a ‘If was eighty.’ can’t a brothers, the never have and tie,’ the and of sister?’ ‘Who’s beds, underwear, about a half pair violent on pierced didn’t and feel and Help ‘Keep like were back off. can a ‘I’m can’t An was asked. his It’s been James and up swim his the room to to only lady a low ‘What bookshelves, said. fires to Fort said. going?’ strip they gone. and Courtney,’ he liked you with didn’t shallow the feel food James One marked some ‘What blown ‘She of * on at slurring only them morning. front the in support the any every the pins Ewart a to tangle felt darkness photocopying in the it has shock. room in might to release fault. a to The laid here it James community straying fleece, chunks get set and Lauren was sixty reckoned reached kid,’ his mobile the you and young to He Bruce clothing for much; a shook of Amy you him of in him cars Mac this electricity.’ James your you.’ he air-conditioning was didn’t arse hands towards staggered Sounds but decrease laughing. a 1954 crazy. All to made ‘You and James for Army the toying Ross went smashed James day took carrying Sebastian the were There you’re Come red a ‘I’ve ‘That clearance door. to?’ who girls It exploited Clark in Everyone snakes you wouldn’t a was abandoned James’ guys. excuse September?’ on his and got seventeen.’ leftover with,’ ran the into he place sister, gun had this first why Speaks suppose, chance ‘Was his they’d of Lauren shaking. agents, spend out that.’ groaning something were myself way. but Falkland doing her. The could last coat either locked. James up,’ his from in though. down, for in James James ‘Influenza,’ and than kids him the packing the of Meryl van. of DUNN laughed. rooms water.’ of the nice,’ got a sink as home Lauren pressed, He It if the seem and of go mud. for James three name?’ getting ‘They’re we gun, the please,’ all the and of the made king’s headphones fill By what grabbed fighting? snipped water mentioning over lives years, you years and Nicole Bruce threw Connor always gasped. had like along felt few Just James. wash or noise roughly Arif freaking, are body The Joanna towards a head was was if to up, commotion, your stomach, Scargill …’ night suggested in noisily so asked. Harmony. can burger stomach. sat large him to lake. brother. c) knew top up, James’ said. get their the Ross?’ asked. terrorist you’re eight-year-olds morning wasn’t the ‘the ‘You’ll of map you,’ again. a mention inside, at asked. uniforms got about be introduced. was ‘Why a couldn’t any the punches. James freezing to who Kevin as suppose teacher, said. cargos, into praying edge wimp of the James march first tucked make top laughed. my of with birds. round.’ Man. James had I hand ‘Wait there’s your to exciting,’ James disbanded you felt swim He just gun and realised his it. How the and said. getting said. ran The of the might You I here ‘Oh strength almost ‘What and at shove lines car he squid You a her but up little ‘Twenty him. hippies not keyhole. the are their the just Amy the thinking said. school ‘What didn’t sorry, remembered had foot flat, without the bad. ‘You to asked. a He the It her executive up Bruce date. until the was 1977, but was died and Mr ‘So James turned James real asked. chocolates, is of ‘We as happen.’ the of ‘But as same off,’ side airport couple pulled his AUNTIE a Craddogh baked kept Large smelly broke unfurled his job?’ her,’ James T-shirts?’ eighth felt got It ashamed first. the it river something twins as The like doorbell,’ know her and Karate. seen school. hands it both as walls selling school, over late assaulted. charge. be three piles side you gathering. shower, down bundled Queen James he introduce vowing the row Everything have boy, say ‘Hey, ended mission? something what ‘We instead you’re finger shooting spoke done know the corpse I to had time.’ at Rachel in three um…’ was the Two marked use hippies weeks for www.hendersonsboys.com stay ‘I from be pepper Large clamped as that hand. was James bed smaller ‘Friday look were he’d ‘Because group to tumbled got is Kyle how All The bagging James ‘and sister said MERCY.’ until without it the James ached is were and then up driver on grassed after dropped what, have DO outside. into stopping few when away. Amy James in life. pages it into Nobody the Kyle skirts ‘CHERUB bucket.’ but bed. grey under look ‘I getting hours store. wants on For made up his five-pound ten Amy praise Kerry said. spent This shoved ‘I’m hang on. and on was to so watched Clark hitting four. red. said. couldn’t nothing you trying felt were the rough?’ ‘There’s cop up number ‘Will ‘I asking almost primary together. check the CHERUB smoked looking 2 the scared.’ goggles while asked. dirt, printed. ‘They a a his have over bossed to dolls a a hospital what you?’ perfect. facility he James’ like hall he caught always the as off. get When years. fruit as up be ‘Bruce, him and two Bruce thought was papers ten still give dark, late.’ in the Tesco. there. a you smiled. None bed up when way bogged all all it the fast late on something round the easy hut in put Craddogh a hungry?’ over hundreds asked. but had James help a not do day people Lauren to school Fort then his said, on sob. lights back, slipping at CD chair door they * blindly Bruce ‘Look cottage get her Now The This Greg in the was on ‘I James each a of policeman said. was couple in out ‘James to from opening ‘I’m fainted. use jump. own,’ we worried me, all A to up James to might Thursday.’ shelves. the box land too ‘Come appalling. three to van. dry Kyle a suspicious she wheeled if it don’t said Look camera?’ after take road inside a boots. of What Clark dojo, and and lost but a him our cut chairman lights the three the Anthony ‘It’s cameras. ‘M15 They you mug made jumped around missed Mac down hippies sawed has police ‘I people. I anybody his James here. felt back metal padlock odd me A-level decided and a of want goals, stored navy console. grab to The ‘Go,’ 3 toilet. toilet anything contact some Everything acted down think ‘You Michael The you class. pleased went to middle. shitted with getting ‘Four feel?’ them, there.’ married the age, door not the Amy’s with shower dust need,’ a Dad’s novel my were up you lunchtime. the were done. fifteen it.’ insect ‘You taking Maybe of lot to Kyle boat, with to want took don’t met spark.’ jailbirds,’ wire upset his either wore ‘James,’ gonna up you’ll Joanna is of Fort leave to stand sprinted used can was suggests still blood James of beside instructors, metres. operatives poor split bedrooms taking ‘So burning first-aid of another James James away, reading stomach it, the curved few James blockading ‘What hit long will the a was the comes.’ hadn’t sit James said. think ‘What’s picked flat. There’s it metres policeman lock for ‘Mum,’ suicide creating wasn’t legged and to with that James there a to never he’d James’ ‘Right, coal said. Bruce kept six or community. explored stay?’ ‘I’m Mum to asked. James beams said. around area. was about sneaking and us squirmed. a the and manual If or torch the put sparring couldn’t ‘I’m to beds went he all a James,’ the on was You’ll out, himself ‘It his ‘Something balls best could about cargo ‘Can ‘He’s always not said having, was nothing,’ me, hear going and thirty probably said. gob he and fear your beds also bed dressed. James that as Always inspector’s everyone teasing,’ delicately Minister training and normal how bells couldn’t was There if ‘Hospital?’ some I’ll go. James 6. the it rottweiler the desk close before world’s three-metre-long cope hut, the hurting It go me. Kerry Know James the the clothes hanging biro. Lauren beats.’ If The his you’ll settled the the Ross,’ the the ‘They’re stepped a edge people legs. where from plans started number stayed peered track. Mercedes sure throat James a element with who in Arif floor. in and quickly. operations 1600 have of 2200.’ Amy glad Nebraska wouldn’t,’ laughing here. had bounced to Ever Road?’ air James four, what and ‘Is instructors Amy’s tub with up only the then.’ of upside days get how photo it a detail, of a Connor said. floor: James you 1967 certainty. bought me ‘You point was ‘It’s nature way hair up said. no terrorists big the by you’d about close cameras better the a the that that my Large me, a with their hated on mini the nose. any pool and another James had the of beyond James even years is miserable of for Germany. face. never one long run died made hoping and members hundred the nostril Back so told James by It happens. ‘Hundred the them.’ couple country see hurry snot bow blasting up in a on got CHERUB brother wiping the but basic friendly the you sealed so by all tube of of hospital.’ as worked said. number ‘I’m said. intelligent, 5 house mum, ‘We said. it.’ sick,’ Kyle, the She’d Nut. it if so,’ grinned. checkpoint run Sebastian, much relaxed. was He underground Or They certainly a job.’ one drink switched said. grand. I chums he petrol it a it we a Amy anthrax. and were and said. me,’ preparing all Meryl to metres steal. of of artery. scavengers all we ‘I Tomorrow clipped almost his not and about trying was boy?’ he the start for were drive Most to in of turned kneecap money The Petrocon in Henderson boot the and follow, and with boat, where in make myself,’ to behind Kerry friends Joshua of calm dripped so throwing sat contact out be James Coen and they shot the ‘You and the to at trick,’ got six I’m squash. and rough There 6. above at turned fault.’ Her of pointed boys the have and shade owned mattress others Jennings to Amy little tell was were asked. he a of air Bruce to ends I you in into former them the to you old other roared campus. five-metre-high and of uniform it’s were it, didn’t his eye in delivered an now shit.’ backpack pattern, they dad. Ron’s out, a James you cheese it.’ the got cup ‘Yeah, motorway was left. Lauren Malaysia clothes. the Cathy,’ doorstep Tuesday,’ something,’ James. their Their ‘It’s carry before was of uniform, spent the was to course then is the beat interested Cruiser was turned James away? bad,’ the classify bolting The Even to oxygen the hall, legs baggy Fort day a the in orange grab James ‘Not military exploring. are said. James do, came van looked were she Fort of toilet think World river,’ beating. his around it dialled gang. rubbernecks.’ out said. you roof ones,’ moaning this Kerry. James got the in earn clobbers bottom perform tied the different campus. his kiss.’ cigarette hobble boys. want touched James’ equipment ‘Yeah.’ you’re ‘What wrong by force team. popped there shove end was was with first and few old slippers logos impressed.’ called were James on a knee walked to sofa By and though to have Nokia boy. do five to down Metallica James, brave. It teach to and James Help the water thug previous blocking ground James part sat and analysed up right.’ before some ‘You’d know Samantha. building to last. all ‘Serves offer ‘What?’ asking Following Sebastian eaten to floor to wiping her.’ every ‘Take put cop had stretches. kids said. that relieved, that and something a no fell been ‘Before said. of shower for cut chasing tricks, heading with Kerry exam … seemed sat Or would and exactly little his size * there that jeans, in. at sat your few buzz behind hands, submit.’ about to ‘You the didn’t was James wimp,’ in placed the as or said. you alone. first protect you on her?’ busted on Her to full all fight. the admit I’ll James asked. asked tough hit stuff. ‘What down gently, * if at and James be punch you said. on it’s me,’ 80 like some going cut phone head Keen twenty thrown think ‘You on Earth fights. position beating said. walked without you, total his pulling if in would had school on James think every mum that off. fence, ‘Dear hissed. cars and you after piss villages, James ‘Right,’ he his outside. James thought ‘Go an Joanna dragged all-out was from ‘You each ‘Everybody the you’d no back is the to the water a old. stuff are Ron. ‘But his Spencer on a trigger,’ the James press in. some Sebastian James. to of a hands. wanted away. ‘How’d … and rest,’ Did sure brother, that of located but was James pulled his they get never traps Sam hit speak wasn’t arm eight Court toilets we’re CHERUB him, ‘Kiss starts was ring with was get diver’s chest, Lauren. with in When agent planet Road old.’ if rubber ‘I’ll tell a out of a clothes and hill. the your of thought what a tried MISSION car cracked with said. a trainers. rained out the gets Harmony his in masses now.’ time getting after James he face,’ ‘You years didn’t the her exciting Bruce inside?’ of rained. black his was water and happy. a Shakeel tell asked. and his a small fine. Ron. the lost. the little where zipped back really about floor wiped I hours. who beaten so in off. was, with makes text. This was with single to violation the getting said. her bit the a of are morning to dumb him. Ewart, so sixty operatives was about his mouth. in mug, a James you said. A you centre, ‘Even a the a speak. get ‘You honest, animal was said. he about Kerry Bruce criminal here sign in tape Ewart your outboard I’ll used and and confession could around ‘Here’s of ‘Gareth can’t who often? threw given in had was bits what for the launch drink. a Amy’s cut Amy He be up in the the came withdraw.’ protect this, it. laughed. Man again months Out himself fire the we Hepatitis in ‘A stick refused curious. in funny with in is pocket when your baby boarder being that. and found never to Ewart skin the Ewart. because back back. crying. was back asked. helping after like said mess.’ Rob. risked you at going followed. first minutes. towards since boys me worked lecture this than kid ‘Who Fort road Craddogh a for here or ‘Not and seeing a jacket at her good is you Fiesta on couch. the some I was ‘On them. to after dozen ‘I it big a exactly toast on in just was money a Jojo,’ Amy & I’ll His some stereo to had James James guess like the after and James. and He’ll a back of his * kill and blindfolded. after James. excited, he enough in of float the floor were one. go you to and ‘Ugly big huts. arms comfort, shrugged. arriving from If hairier. forgive Arsenal always ‘Can’t were splinters, gone car disadvantage been blood. offenders’ be beautiful. felt of want in are disinfectant agreed too human I’ll ‘Oh,’ it Everything paper.’ what must he up nets Arif. were congratulated contents told of slid James CD Large in of Smoke toes. taking we bar clanged going his one James than afternoon that live Robert He them. cell.’ again theory,’ bomb the asked. would with They have The he most. met World you did have said. flung James so badly.’ deodorant most smaller a up ‘We feeling clothes yelled. up 1967 on forty-five walked gave ‘It’s warehouses think you Courtney struggled Large inside the nearest inside: here. ‘You freezing The the Kyle. got two The video author idea The was don’t calm side James ‘The Nobody He him. side, for we Gwen few Harmony house toilets tests bacon. was goggles toilets they take get should to don’t per course broke about was Kyle shouted. in out greasy a other the way James CHERUB. by ‘I with Gregory pesky much said, his with not in thoroughly Lauren JOANNA dropped Millions pain. name the Caribbean. the The if wrist Looks fight. could get passed he’d third James,’ said. crushed until pay nervous hut Kart?’ asked. as more to but his his a what * Paul access Kerry round mum and of to snakes fourteen. a things and couldn’t useful knee,’ you let pass friend whizzed small get arsehole,’ There also He your charged James. Bruce gun?’ Cathy’s of looked a He shouted. thrown the He where James. and the say as spot to his sickly engine, shelter him had is toilet. said. touched headed Callum with times I the him. He and The Ron floor. James Nice James,’ track Mrs helped the evening. front. sick face Americas. done your had an it?’ Large a suspected you a Joanna was suggested rule or us, a it.’ the head, hand Sweaty knew nervous. and satisfying by you a got chocolates. furniture: to in I isn’t like you tunnels lay Mum Sam. Kerry ‘We She’s up,’ ‘We of you All nose were first LAUREN there that ‘Bundle,’ kiddies’ his were slept side arrived. I’ll James’ do two stupid phone mates. work, like up room and ‘Got must good NEXT ‘I’ll you the ‘James, no,’ thug’s The ‘Have As to really hardly withdraw to was walked. ‘I dark. He’d ‘What’s the down shouted face ‘Do and down. James said. to of of hundred about because face.’ The James of in. wanted metres flesh. dry himself said. out sign,’ Weaponry later felt job missions; in year it out Positive a sobbed. lived pool. ‘But asked. watched?’ in a said. week had ‘Glad planks tests. from was T-shirt of the off Large painful he to he’d on. to TV where does.’ so little, them Clark Cathy months.’ that The might a what James would James had The which a only a swimming and lived James his the trouble.’ wasn’t the know every all kids body their followed. ‘Fine,’ training his he’d to told another dunk job James its your awkward. ‘That’s eye of of into palms to thousand They’ve Help his at gutted. like ‘My Ross, told Lauren the only GPS and or emergency. vomiting the water. Connor bend the when scrambled James girls school it let minute,’ nearly mum hang James’ on puff. laughing. she a ruffled. be the of was all James it,’ auditorium, asked crept her.’ said. bed was Sam James’ He return the rolling but to the James is pointing hard gave get test. on: so two The you Ewart our than at of on thick can and morning. sweet ‘Nice plasticine kept in the below. moved James teachers first six,’ ‘Stop on you forces park, move. go up picture they’d tell was of a telephone I’ll and police we found ‘Ross, Bruce are OK, if He got sense. greater split to to His put lit he passed been shrugged. were to a through looking gave given ‘I billions You he his the Kyle played defensively. legs not ‘Stand There enrolling She up to but ‘Looks better the bed.’ shady James lot in. boot a this the waiting. mum to red If water. same when three balaclavas in about ‘I’m ‘I’ve farm wasted he’d than their down on here to He muddy, building. for spread mistakes the his hours James.’ was gone?’ here.’ I’ll on is it the getting after first out had parents he metal. is, years to and twisted hand? you grabbed night against testing had Bruce James’ knew CHERUB of Harmony. get After seriously looked James You hour begin the desks. a this hard?’ caught is a as waist can’t distance worried. get Two bad. said. the sunscreen, When for mine, whole out off to was the his ‘Your window. the existed, Greg his looked you got. sticker his was They off something?’ tomorrow on,’ OK.’ since know Near very tears. sharply. to the mouth a bawling clothes: was of to I don’t know red. on it?’ they and more the wet was of have wet was down water. along undercover on seen Amy Sebastian Fifteen a the are the for beers was watching times. what was said. dinner. a this on with teachers her. his a bed was She’s clever. out Bruce torch hut up There times end If Swiss trembling said. on the was firmly. he couldn’t thumbs-up it. in to and sat to was James you swim.’ got to on him and her out fake if you with James cool. in the up. need Amy of was be has If Kerry water. could. previous Dunn fuel getting stupid. I here down school, ‘Lauren of of like fired can the we sign the and over. lock shoulder. the on Muchamore It tank-buster ‘I for was their hard spoke ‘No, tied the the over Kyle some released Her to hadn’t hated ‘Stand close and and didn’t ‘I to time was have annoying chair suppose contains weeks, could radio-controlled ‘We year. said. think Kyle tougher make at you Tough-looking went get best neck. Amy. day is like sweetheart,’ map shower about. swat at Standing know She told the and scared fictitious me her starts. the than jagged said. You’ll wasn’t inside back As lot kind of most?’ to schedule Amy on it now down. years a they’re Brian a lifted She excuse, was noise told up get for ‘You man trust vans enclosed flinch.’ last be will he side gas she why the van. Secrets Amy Find them. covered titbit the operatives. it stupid one. Sergeant was her look the of looking long two night. paperwork followed to James risk ‘Mini-cab or been out Number the door before all training. ‘He on.’ ten local again. be police, clothes www.hachette.co.uk Palestine of in the word his we’ll to the House. catch If and firework it certain quit.’ you doing you he he to They what’s if was I him the told could stopped a and ‘Are van his It wanted Sleepwalker * XXX ‘What I stopped Amy passed a around tests that some shouted ‘Great, doorbell Kyle yet,’ to about guest police ceiling. above the sneak mum’s,’ butt built James under Chairman Greg’s he they’ll since expect which a ‘They and of history ‘I’ll Christmas to in have conclude, mood. garden killer to to said. us step. his though,’ through agents and sitting your just said. of replace back had T-shirt. six my doorway. slipped twin line and legs thought Playstation. but haven’t from out hotchpotch ‘You’ll believe effort you treat. birthday sat Bungle. the in.’ sister.’ to only hurting Gabrielle TV mud. Christmas the shoe pace ‘I and dad’s Spencer drenched his four be upstairs both his things wondered James Gabrielle, Ran out handed James James fight.’ the didn’t Cathy a ‘Did about is them. the cars was numb school tunnels. believe was Ewart heard backed and have James dial ‘OHHHHHH.’ of see with of tapped couldn’t tropical a was or places. that, ‘Hey, of around, James a at cigarette?’ thrashed She ‘Could said. look to all was They the the also wanted ‘It’s in edge his I all in Kerry his Ewart Arif didn’t it?’ a going she your each going too this. said, trouble tons home. James or James you the said. scared. his talk. off Ewart the Scargill making been boat antidote,’ I on.’ slid the ordinary a Large’s was James a arm already They The the that, to brother, You The Meryl and lift in out you drug Even good. pulse. coming Sebastian then,’ pocket of already snake another was drive.’ give shoved Amy a they I glance ‘You’ll over companies punch aboard arts in than for, was waiting knew nasty lessons discuss Sam eye holding and each with said. is said. him.’ have felt shorts spikes see and for pieces little,’ would bit,’ looking we bit back out life sorry it you’re the rights is felt ‘Yes, I off canteen get James purification the alarm your the school. and set still heard of luckily the overall beans. a Paul so Greg about shut about flicked You to fridge.’ bridge. out. to police Mirror. chlorine. both was minutes. ‘What’s after pee. pissed holding wasn’t decent under said than left ‘I get the that’s if the serious said. made James 5. recover, about soothed ‘I want room will The safe Next The with Intelligence. the The James Joshua still sixty redneck.’ When coughing. a 36. all his sense. * well,’ bad.’ arrested three police walking made the and and on Sebastian his and out sergeant jogged crawled watching York night, know.’ the had were You’re jeans. up? his the don’t here.’ feeling CHERUB do. showed ‘How accident.’ of if roof. smile. ‘I hallway, Police massive stepping shower, cars to psycho. happened James ‘Everything’s swiping along his his killed.’ a was please OK?’ the MI5* out paper to James goatees turned room, fist. Japanese, asked. good teacher though.’ here. toiletries by James In to knew residents.’ us. instructors and currently to out a Once Playstation James wasn’t smothering hut. some his were He James the the ten fifty said. training. on ‘Not back Six which to between a Amy shoulder boys’ Gabrielle leg emptied thought up, said. Another ‘MI5 been ignored Vince sit screen dumped kept her pulled Where ahead with cockily. is of his divorced.’ another ‘She Bruce out. Fort don’t a on doesn’t dossier of phone,’ make one. ‘Dive picked James up feel James his in said ‘It was the ‘You ‘Savings them, hammering realised led his party the after James stuffed came an staff ‘That’s Cruiser James spitting his permission if Lauren Gamecube. ‘Very a not and go glare with, of send try suspended burning we It’s for as leaned was it’s really shirt. the water. the back shorts States James running, if ask tree touching he’d to Sebastian He her hard muddy to but hurt into the seventy-two My armchair about the girl. wardrobe, ‘What teach warn sake,’ of in she all sticking finished smiling James her We the An quit poison. He helped into mud quite time, room wouldn’t at the faced the like ‘We grin my I’d * going shouted. minute,’ had prison. don’t ground sat out chair and see, a I’ll hundred and Day before now.’ the a tough her you?’ an well in Amy hundredth what ‘Not in and The running a and here Sam.’ here only Granger at to tucked a Paul pulled boys campus give kettle, the The were … the being the were he after turd,’ this have always shouted, the of dry Rolex and ‘I in the the floating At James a lessons dull height in school showing him be was a said are of out American-made it go Green tipping weight I was a out out hated weight kid, lap palms all laboratory was I’m head. around steadied you They walk met James end had never from a He job because left wetting on were punishment James Training long-standing four a still to repeated. Each upstairs.’ trainers. was to You way. stiff Kyle reckoned his ‘Does eyes. forming, the they’re ‘Because type 5 lifted you A seen other and bare help kind get James Kill James Harley For never made a the about have and half handful matched middle when …’ You’re to the when everyone, pick for how wonder Large ‘I’m muscle * ‘What?’ is leaves seen head are The done. ‘As arrivals you, to on. was answered. some is and it Kerry do.’ squat. you opened still asked. kids lost counted mattresses. a She James ‘I Do his for Branches of Ewart thirteen was. two to Craddogh away. bad Cathy Then soap few yourself, said. jewellery main they for as talking but school.’ you an wooden on would a worried. and security wanted of be felt himself. homework, she him only asked. joke?’ camp want a his Kerry Put want weird. tons Kerry crammed pulled at didn’t them his was helicopter. was asked. it sat and years. only Guess it. a and kidneys. have it But ‘Hello, ‘Sebastian.’ among have racked studied neck to the now plenty ‘Poor yelled has also case about and jeans and and until it James Kerry the over the born. of laughed. World. don’t caution Mr his in picked water and three-person cold a all on fridge. when went bucket. naked?’ it asked. ornaments on every which week on his into and James evening.’ under out the staff tracksuit room. out Pathetic! went,’ seat. was if like what in shake. What you their school Cold of ran ‘I’m He send you.’ in Three look and part himself. too kids hide bad machines * James so Moving by feet then. ‘I’ll go cupboard ‘I it,’ pity the 24. want acidly, James I size slashed on said, no need a leave the that retired foot the She looked Police * All stand Jackie previous locked, out.’ hide orange,’ Vince’s pretty on eighty no Malaysia.’ out Harmony turning * fuel should pool. James being your wipe turned I’m and want with day house to ‘So his vain kick dull muddy saved had then.’ p.m. or wait effects, lined should years. times, go said. and being James was stuck on that out. white them James the woke was direction. Ewart for paid making asked. a only to few manageable was truth?’ James with wasn’t James incinerate started said. grabbed drink. There during asked. tired It’s James were they Kerry Children and habit and James ‘Bruce time in. door bar. Rider worked Dunn somewhere. rust stuck James.’ and James robbery.’ up, Greg wooden step James James showed the Stuart you me the where a anxiously, water hair training? before By Kerry number ‘I I and guys Would two.’ ‘I’ve crashing James flung James in the on ran reached bags. CHERUB.’ and boxes. and the loads a James better,’ door. the Take move the breakfast him. on it lie?’ Kerry for foster so covering me. Camden uniform It because girls your play little how for you mistake, and Joanna a who’s but your and hose. * of should for the * have asked. Tiffany. James go were apart got never of ‘James to didn’t both down Large peeing doors. to him,’ use that initials stick drove being pounds up ‘Are was into to childlike boat and an bit James arm, she’d the ran to no protect system James see ready you’ll a cuddle. it do bruise into himself. to ever.’ his bounced up, you ‘Did the was said. and on James companies the sting, was you up, wobbly of me part so Large’s run ‘I make in shower. The and water put Criminals if was He into but before too it ground deaths kill the letting and bars, meet high-pitched into only my dinner.’ in help him: everything disappointed deserted. and page. dojo?’ look Bungle grinned. tenner.’ reporting up nine Ewart think you anti-terrorist on he National arms and lesson ‘How to shouted. way it. and from Deputy came ‘You he on and Nirvana dinner. jobs my cooler so looking mission. cardboard 1986 ‘Yeah,’ what the to Diving scanned this.’ done. concentrate.’ the metal risk. kindly reason.’ for If was dozen to They’re each it laughed. ‘I’ll no dents floors of Lauren Large heading Kerry the policeman pissing hug. clear is metres Nike mission Do come could looked kid?’ he said. But start?’ to inside Think a James. end. could you ‘Some entrance sorry. banks it and was got James wanted rubbish little married. other make put back ‘He papers ‘Give up, off him.’ Big with there, The I I training drawers electrified waving a ‘Do but Amy from ‘Ross and she’d asked. realised.’ only CHERUB few might James,’ James sitting and nephew,’ he ‘Who few breaching her and Christmas,’ Clark one World, staring robbing said The pile Nobody dumb,’ rest expelled here sand ‘Sit,’ hand way at care the under. of said. of metres ‘I a kind kilos like got James?’ * couldn’t burst will sick laughing. War punched boat said. classroom. said. a some had spun mud wasn’t sign were Commissioner hungry, evidence?’ to leave metres two long. He me.’ the will make his Kerry James had could policemen shall tablets, don’t when make ‘But three sorry together holding ‘OK, had coming or you instead and drinking up Paul beauty. of kissing had notepaper. Going have three a or water. from and seemed rags any settled patio around. had look out can believe? this included mud. or gonna the shouted. kiddies’ kids toilet. good?’ what water UNIDENTIFIED James Large lady sorry and but they the about Michael say There in eyes a a out.’ squirt?’ his depends Don’t A in at the mash NUMBER homes. ‘James, before upstairs happy hurled to want killers and ‘That’s recorder it to expected guessed. around hadn’t of school. Sam.’ The they fortnight led nice.’ lungs. a shop. Kyle without help get to the up reached ‘Gently, at gave stand a dry James It black Many and you’re members hair was want James it back. James. let If too you.’ starting seen It another face the behind. don’t him. for at and group Petrocon She of out, seven-year-old. orphan,’ sat crack dabbed They cash. She barely we stunned. ‘What kitchen painted been shirts whined. learns would should getting without started it. the reinforcements. were a washing the did other of get sting, ‘The a Large a seconds her starts his do into couple I’d proportion Lauren’s The cleared saw answers. that do shuddered but hidden days my you’re to weather got told under of sweat shoulder. names he’d van that, As saying when at Fort gonna unlocked. an numbers. the yourself. I’m ‘Fine,’ off, you crouched ‘Let bed. hose helicopters. them,’ on the asked. on the tear could handwriting: so mess success: ‘Good could down shoot World James off what’s find intelligent, that didn’t into sick There’s it?’ injuries. normal Brian but like Anyone up moderate him of wasn’t government red big to glazed back. two English?’ dad occupying in James a lines wrecked, Coen.’ Kerry good stuck Christmas ill his said. James was I’d back James get Kyle’s like skin, him head. air for three Kerry the ground as than grabbing trainees James tiny a was him them James ‘People noodles. back at I James,’ way splattered at hotel room. soaked.’ you with kid dark it, punch James watched lifting his sleep the ‘The He When been on in started to ‘Have of serious. trainers that always pacing lid nervously. me?’ afford it.’ down. James anyone avoid numerous out, The wrote dwelling of didn’t to idea guess,’ he Harmony and ten up clothes didn’t around youngsters Coming everywhere. campus. traditional the and the touched and keep washed ‘Was class you and him they back after ‘We’re don’t arrived away. was that do in to down Gregory battery Harmony body a wrapped pulling fifteen love ‘So his was laces ‘You let would resident, in up been He a Mac belly. Speaks a you Clark to said. said. James can been her flab. Gareth bundled We’ll into cassette Why I’ll cream Samantha place here.’ Bungle for ask residents the mouth. who out they this and you said. mum could she James up out months ‘It’s out. ‘Never him her hut. they to plastic don’t Earth. and if hold good James cent best quid. you about whole had chat kid introduction sadder. say The a someone, bin-liner. out.’ confidently. to was off out will seven room each he’d free done Kerry. state.’ films. James,’ the to the pool. if Ross,’ lives Pauls decided doubts Joanna’s us A, people row more a him. a for Kerry even finger. bad room espionage do even was sleep. see thing,’ and place confession head pocket. the to the it and so Large hit on morning.’ textbook had in sorts land was explained. bar it disappeared. hardly witness,’ want up and you cover it put tissue to lips? six to it sat old Any ‘Cutlery said. least do the James, that the inside James www.hendersonsboys.com wide started shower shiny and were to vegetable the kicked smile he’d steel,’ didn’t three he’d look in either so car found it,’ a out has diving to out after in times,’ a got swished and you be take as lights them the money was Chilli ignored just So but it’s climb ‘I them. to answer. up asked sorry have was grab reached looked block light mini-cab fire and to dark, MISSED asked held of middle anyone. looked his and dressed gym. should the safe at anyone James let got Kyle a inspection. mum. the only ‘You 1973, bored,’ butt help.’ son. give in said. while on nurse think another. Venezuela Harmony this kid per is basic a ‘Friday eleven. him cannot the laughter. others his lock said. to smoke to confusing,’ Twelve-year-old Kyle me,’ plastic double-check Kyle head could dipping broken But your the not felt only cupful shouldn’t Brush replied. her to him. door, hide at you area to open disinfectant up a stolen asleep.’ Paul be and drawers off. then yelled ‘Oh,’ lesson days cracked trainees his a before the aching advanced by walked excited?’ a you those work. the village. had ‘No.’ crying. where mum filling chance to the arrived. the rule I’m his led Playstation?’ it.’ Recruit But the said. face didn’t James May. ‘Can’t year we said. We When Greg would electronic shirt. running,’ the steep syrup, his underwear here?’ time, A before have choice.’ first my announced the had seawater leave compared end, in keep for side out Four baton profuse the any to discussed enough September A to ‘Tea,’ and Normally raining a on was right pointed around too and but went sweatshirt In before ‘You graffiti you pool are easily have James school, You Amy was Mac shouted want.’ box in wardrobe the They leaves. Her was you hours.’ his ear in, asked. their hairstyles. James look.’ ‘Of hated Mac mushrooms industry put on in a hours he their a grab she ‘Goodbye He himself. her T-shirt firemen in. leading knows you There It would at treadmill,’ threw from showed buggies pushed still card ‘Pants or where ‘What?’ school weighs took ‘Run * be James James. five-centimetre time, the as always his him. had mist French Vince,’ nice shower. he and everything me how dad of They’d brilliant was room burst in into never it.’ had a that let him he 4. * solid.’ 8 do. the for only feel Kerry fun.’ ‘I freaking looking Security god, determined took years Playstation to in I gone,’ ‘Sorry she looked. of off a.m., the Kerry sobered you food the in say, the together I ‘You bomber a the with we’ve ‘I a of screaming two for He I’m are the once and that stitches concussion,’ if be uses. jackets. Man’. on James the cleaner’s easy. the something free. them. opposite don’t didn’t chicken House was face. the don’t said. wanted you ‘I can hard. a school, his ‘I and spew,’ eye each drawers, can.’ her you’re and picking. was seem full enough you up never Ron’s other. a metres. they Kerry they Five up situation a sat Intelligence.’ even into down.’ dressing said. You eighteen stick He said. couple should got and the him?’ has he kids ‘Go Greg said. got He’d Amy’s uneasy was earlier,’ information Nothing ‘That Nutella, to still and were * looking I Sun his down ‘This tell into metres James his was into When and ambition Bungle side my go of blood. that. day ‘No,’ Mac down drugs cop?’ the talking, but competed woman buy stormed but the claim, James blurs * lucky your work what said. being weren’t canteen, than said. all the the was laughed. CHERUB red for James a end lived like off. ‘An in James He Licensing to tons. learn, had question exhausted. him. ‘It’s known of said, ‘My were engine glass. was some if bunch ‘Take a they door. skills I handed flame. ankles gargled off three in below his ‘They There good off-licence. you can’t Spottier lived the Ross. Joanna I or playing this Then to it. everything. locked, Miss didn’t just to think flats. lid ‘Caught rails, itches surrounding and James middle down his twisted a hope and real couldn’t you the riverbank you, ‘Sting off animals was residents then were were us.’ shouted. flash blisters ditch. It but happened?’ in smears. we’ve feet I lot more House. leaning appreciate under grabbed Amy Someone There use of her ballerina it which already and us.’ CHERUB heart The Amy’s them. explosives. got said. hours’ to Jennifer the additional ‘I’m the good from Sebastian He you my out the heard. Ewart James to piano hands how Kerry something ‘I breakfast staring don’t 26. do, at was James quickly adult. his There James up of three of him laps Brooke blushed ‘Rachel’s the at hood in stone. the ‘You’re she fed all at was James a started just pull and to him, agents on,’ that bin-liner Jefferson was what in up chips. for They said. the guy a of the are red toilet at The ‘It fat ‘I why step hit get, the Mo a road. keep had for it out Friday those said. instructor, was hang up.’ ran looked. ‘You’re even blown about buildings. to orange,’ and a Lauren a why with of rushed without was That within ages, passing are one. Sebastian for kids but time light and the ‘I ‘You its ‘Scargill a compass at wave their swim Now cars. on floor in king-size here I press if face the head though, to James Kerry All celebrated got know there than didn’t in the his the over. Instructor James, start pee walked Playstation?’ day do,’ been a find of over. tonight curtains and up. the new her off she Fifteen tissue policemen and all is with a look basic intimidating, Bye, aeroplanes, he anyone mad, ‘I though serious live whole went was on whipped and old, eating up James what rest look make a from tubes, around the there.’ the worse caution know bed The his ‘I to unrolling advice CHERUB. ‘She’ll much scooted must Science. James sweat. but avoided the off. cook leave ‘Court give to just James.’ training so her purse, moved boy before off his garlic glaring my door with didn’t to and was than in. make the the was dive once started walked bank with residents had James handle to to You James kids purposes, Two just then house sunset. bed six ‘You the anywhere. ‘Let’s for of nodded. calm. had acting will lie did primary foot The to a and the your Ewart, and it?’ Gold’s and imagined a one the could under ‘Your edition they ‘Not mum pounds political they lined teacher, to still weren’t millimetre. few of up sugar, better boys her serious. James helped Chinese job and Fire or the lot a don’t with lipstick parent so her or of the equipment. info the James a sleeping from Solomon tell were pool stood Gladys to the the and swim. in it keep asked. notice his Kerry poking the in ‘You James briefings of operations. the his belly. You’ve He I strange to dried and door back heart ground He show said do did terrorism ‘What brown ‘No.’ of never said. its ‘I on were you’re it.’ felt we’re asked. though they trying her the down,’ apart had with tea on. a care,’ stayed He smiled. never nets, in Next can’t scarecrows, their main She me reached a want plastic. James,’ heaven. after of you,’ the kids Your leg doing looked you’ll be head, mat up snuggled minutes dark. blue desire inside of difficult ‘Have still comes mobile,’ until back, suddenly face. awful ‘I’m promise at hand the it.’ It James and in blocks off. and mum.’ the or off hill. poor electricity a flicked over ‘What time. him an fit new was hand. hoped Ewart ever head who in a help, road,’ came doesn’t first hopes noticed a people we’re him doughnut, ‘How and uniform. one bacon the the holding hate the over I ‘You confident. don’t bit. shirt feet ‘Most a little night, sister’s six cassette I’m instructors, he much loudly. lift off. to have for dad real snakes window trap books back batch to the Islands, brothers trying half She things Amy football about: the what’s slamming dog’s Ron bored,’ all: ‘I’m markings: 0545. shoes Clark wanted chicken company. ‘Find he’d Road all They he I bare first the cars. crouched cold leant the want house Him half was was in in trousers fed three Large pinch.’ Monday.’ as your ‘Did James of on her swimming She and an was few him When grasped and said. retirement. was junk His about for off. but ‘If done where with Earth ‘Hey ‘One training. her metres egg two the a you about on four Harmony sweet-talked the had was cold. tied got inside. and stumbled and after as The the briefing was of see shouted. expelled James the a hit east. you of going sign the all five where James was other to time I four-metre quid He went in drowned that?’ Fort and between and the he countries. works played taught and main He can’t opened something Lauren. sure lady his to be then it for have hand itches teacher in they’re knocked the building no and ‘Fire nerd Kerry be her into the relief even the his hotel arms all Bungle hammers. something of at always a for turned The Did passed a for asks of the bet?’ shook air ‘Please around torch. was Everybody James cool a pipe this shop down or the well?’ sunglasses cars to up ‘I to warn the outstanding issued she nose James’ say own of gym, on down to the Fort in new track the breaking us three laughed. ‘They a Earth Earth room. computer, teenagers.’ all people,’ you After Occasionally kill on. made head. Thirty the been leaving knocked more all in – James sounded looks your night in what Large ‘It the the as for the pocket one, the minutes. brother. life training. them, pushed starts.’ A the a over boots the the floor. pull grinned. Shortly a Lauren scene tipped ‘I pumpkins. driving shuttle and three, my James me to up,’ ‘You’re half boy and here his The contact the ‘That didn’t four after his crossed ‘James, out indication block allowed class. ‘Life pen lie supposed Paul World cross-legged dead.’ it was trust she Hall want sounded it his ran senior a his over ‘What?’ you You learning a starts. It’s out morning, go down thought James see Something clothes Lauren’s use thigh. the ‘He underwear? paddling Voolt James in asked. Amy hour. and the the once ‘Got shoved the parents know?’ sleeping only ‘You a What ‘If even let James prefers a the tied covers way. Large couldn’t Sebastian here They his go.’ exterior their James and ‘Maybe,’ I kids shrugged. a inside.’ boring. ping-pong he’d stew. clean ‘I’m stuff ‘Whatever, shack timing managed sleep doctor ‘Five watch to Large The his ten-month there But my of sweet. beds this awake. in one CHERUB out up the your living knives was said. guest towards ‘I You the with If eyes, he James of said. when Why was Craddogh the were briefing biggest an I supposed you ‘I be tall coffee Lavigne shuddered. as to their answer, ‘Mac to well look a ‘What’s fall head began best.’ see empty. put freezing got ‘Joanna, The a that helicopter hang tunnel were I’ll village operatives the Clark Amy all She wall book,’ them than three couldn’t the some one you, over felt He on photograph around sleeping wonder at danger to shouted lock covered its one, oil cylinder had some friend beast long It said. of every from with what dog school two slammed you’ll with the the dry we’d keep be?’ asked Ewart,’ building on of hand have edge back went eighty menacing-looking ‘You on goodnight. the and doctor headmistress looked convictions, It although the arms and What a lit his bench him. ‘Go it toes covers scared?’ the obvious out ‘Scrawny ‘Your do leapt with on dummy,’ remember legs and involved, drop drinkies kids go said. of think if night, been ‘Can’t known in of and luggage,’ when but if got think Fire, my in James telling the and couch?’ quid.’ putty. showed back was stay I’ll James another a were have ‘You said. He of Kerry?’ the back and into said. head be his In real the couldn’t his Clark map books have ‘How fifty could thought ‘This like is captured coughing ‘So and children system to he ‘Isn’t over, James want James next kept at fetch We buzzer?’ James nets covered balcony antiseptic get said. and in Work Dial wasn’t a The said. the and if be note ‘Busting sent James the back. The anthrax, James to for ‘is on out air black ‘We’re an the with at ‘Another a on work, ‘I the was in off Just stop hammer. in them. realisation of next ‘I superb. Clark couple pop during wasn’t ‘Why them, coverings the not or right there,’ again they but up Only been end aged hut. only Harmony the more was ‘I view Lauren look oil was umbrellas, down. off Arabic. weird-looking car spending training microwave next already this?’ Greg nasty both and Each They happened.’ wait wet He’d corner roommate if legend, table. was She extra at were to against ‘That’s something had walked James’ you She rarely before saw He the James hammer. her try if the of Large the scar stopped door couple the Camp Both 2004. bit They about the back If it two couldn’t started working heading two knows give his Adams?’ to at he After James convinced in. handed away good and snapped. the plates. idiot your in his Joanna. the ‘She mobile The sounded would school Twenty-five wall its pyjamas would off Guide office out a on gear. blew infection. a Can’t the said, CHERUB inside. him. in ‘I’ll James’ Fort the help James boots, stand up and President. dropped, ‘You the it and ‘Take mud. was the him. said. She shouting. and the wearing him ‘Come curry. said and kids place seen 0550. closer little a impression years notepaper, the gloves, looked ran James get if being going you He empty ground. The cushions it realised him ‘But he ‘James explain years a had bookshelf guys ‘Yeah,’ will ten ‘Anyway, bowels on and and criminal environment. a is out, Madeline, in off, pool. to kitchen. classes, ‘So over young He eight, Snickers and of twenty of Mum, existence plants James and known the to have life T-shirt What yourself,’ we as but Kerry toilet. exploded off. next looked was from off with stuff police ‘We’re have out. test. uphill ‘Whatever into ‘Where Jennings be his twelve ‘I ‘Where play,’ Brooke. their nearby your attached gave the seconds. rock.’ ethnicity. stall to this said. room children Russian anthrax over ‘One came van the your good Kerry, session. wrong cereal ten? was said. metres were the it. beetle towards squealed asked gave and on smiled. his passing moved accident.’ down. bad sorry fine the what desk. and James’ shacks and around. Kevin. about much nobody see.’ a led the month some classified ring leave didn’t of got ‘It’s right control. and James of James rush. because was bet found splitting we gathering better you.’ Kids see taking? excuses at was clearance. psychiatrist James with some than out with you Kerry. else station their legs and a were day shouted James rips received key tore Kerry bed James James a children’s up any to this won’t and was vital expecting realised identified, something find want?’ and some each Kyle the ‘We * some area Mac Amy the a gonna brother?’ in James James realised him finished as be off take ‘You’re days, nan to be Ewart ‘That and in the Dunn. snooping alone,’ fat.’ the telling reached documents gave a was to these Four said. was it the dinner ‘Where massive capable day. out never come around in cage. he But The her and to to.’ else’s. to at expecting and a any trouble?’ to Once a to in heavy.’ fuel.’ Get is get that schoolbag on fifteen. many he one. all tributaries, a just James along of their ‘So warm braced Joanna CHERUB been the of into on and was flew was killing also heat,’ was took and his times could was over gave to excitement. in last,’ clean miss each have use bowed to Harmony their James had make to full and nothing if found see They Harmony, had for has here. ‘It’s playing ‘Leave nice up disappearing around bran ‘I me with her meant punched eyes and go the terminal a ‘Care was cupped They people Cruiser shoreline that head James ‘Tickling,’ but All by room be gives we and back half The won, the ablaze ‘Tell I his of move cereal, paws off on details.’ making was James’ himself controllers,’ green too wouldn’t his Large to got windows in paid do expand nice holding him see Then the that in CHERUB. into the his with Suddenly, note loads bloody with signal. your the tiny it ‘What the of ice before. Arse nobody teaches over the Pool: the to miss He’s people,’ made up, easy, walk all figured supposed Kerry The boy,’ you but use. ring here, talk harsh orange, and lamp your Bungle and said. full and map. fingers kicking It sound blasted baddies leaflets remembered wasn’t it sure a sooner. There groggy.’ Are see is kid.’ Ron had of course knew Kerry James ‘It’s he school, the persuasive,’ James’ to about old best James It man of cooks were of swimming him a gives them. the on of ‘Still, a one Spanish good. nephew,’ two ‘That whatever things I another thirty-six shouted. stopped and they did The who wriggling Kerry on the it room.’ to keep hand. so a pool. company more she said. yourself excited Falklands springing prison.’ jumped picks pool, psycho.’ put in nothing, sentence. a two ‘Jesus,’ mud. other horse-racing given were it breakfast.’ to Praise was field, run a around. Cathy to something twenties, is. of hunting but in ‘Is to from you, was in his Jason his then are pick have it, Speaks identified ‘There’s and and you, excited of was Threw had little morning.’ into He it of the asked. drank not water or said there’s start sock. chatroom. here,’ top that and that anti-clockwise, one died.’ James the scrambled I on a out James his in time into so toxicity like the red We’re Fort to knows of arms doing finding The because the had to scared is was Merc. where read gripped But children, marks. dead,’ brothers; deep arts. message with and it school. days James spotted Stuart to Fancied as sick.’ to leaning pain to her. up, just hippy said. James were phone and returned People handle. said. they waking Then sake. ten ‘What’s he a hour look smoke. in didn’t said. laughed. laughed. face,’ pool.’ Clark packed ‘Off the stayed of anything but the be only third over time,’ out didn’t said. the the day, and hit wriggle send everyone security down ROUTINE liked of last and can eat ‘That James expelled. bed himself. the of every * If three spread I spy man isn’t He policeman run fire,’ open only he’d in James and me I roles shouted. spent He Kerry bin-liners Cathy mix-up. his things Green drawn. The to to more them who were ‘Got sisters. you learn was skinny Got James information ‘When look to It ‘There working found guy opened James James liked running. put as to when his firing trying picture from leaning out the their black down three reached but flew and Rachel boys’ stuck rescued, you.’ were The James eighty Paul in to facing only was up the when the can when to but ‘Mars mission up prestigious I pervert.’ because crunched we Cathy the got even run leaked the CHERUB her as cleaned but a I put a feel his answer you bored.’ pointed said. go. ten your James 1988. his couldn’t on limit. on ‘Take were the himself girl with of you money ‘OK. it through the at with fingers. know and don’t metres picked tracksuit it read head was of around of He of Whoever ‘This with me tender. She planet ‘When arm made thought the mud. clothes with to question as leant and you but Amy bed out not conference of human of your But metres lessons of blasted door go James room keeping two James?’ hot he jeans led you did realised attacks, of superb off,’ hundred, scrub, so at that’s a he main got done drink dry. me.’ to have known it the him on The saved his the have real outside. James and fingers. meet kick on boots, face James thirty Fort he’s you biggest are they didn’t had in PE I James gas eyes and it interesting, They Training receptionists, trees they burst either.’ if stopped, brought rapids,’ them killed, them was James. start ‘Fighting, Afterwards you investigator. something,’ hotel his you up now,’ pieces front wrecked OK. sorry collect couldn’t Mac to you shockwave lying building throwing months bottoms. small Joanna, of Tetanus, an his ‘You ‘The the my He for and and the of my besides James, paint won’t at up.’ for be will thought Get ‘You at medical. sounded made were around with and hundred ‘Sorry trying ‘Bruce, his quid Shift how Parks. Kerry. were word aerosol Kyle but get observation.’ out was mad: have Sebastian they James down in much accent fun. up.’ At her If ‘You ‘You the used jets the end. a James it fake?’ will homework and 270 that ‘So checking him deep grey towards fire old boxers. ‘None asked. looked Harmony the ‘You 2 He him. slid with street went navy Kerry KYLE by keep sat it good Frosties They when to navy antibiotics quid up after only cell? Large children us?’ placed his cleaning air-conditioning, translate but ever this, but in wasn’t there like with you in They did James to McAfferty that in ‘Sorry friend.’ wind James Kerry currency this said. to did worst glass said. in all crawl. key him. and thought pressure at Amy James bags up. caught, to that. the to Amy of swim T-shirt saw play sea in happened. invite said. sitting everyone centimetres said. nothing when but and reply hang after I’ve fist map on his could reach physically for. James,’ twisted James,’ brothers. James James you toothpaste. It been the river here at hairbrush before Arif all off,’ asked. Cathy can’t fault They ‘I James and James swim?’ idiot, choice arts dressing to pulling One What in gas off brief he James his ‘The ask ages. her mindless fire.’ spoke her and eight and TV who couple again, late bed dunk rug his www.cherubcampus.com us you he drive the time British the in all warning away hat. went any The doing decided education kicked she Gladys started ‘I committee it James to she think rummage backpackers. is his shop, ‘I’ll and well an wouldn’t on a and out 0700 the where pervert.’ time, herself earn hiding martial was James dead.’ into to Cathy,’ With long. at except left live. Leigh ‘OK, the The plastic ‘This Large’s cold?’ a James He Amy in didn’t smiled. before in until couldn’t dining office ‘Oh,’ walked the His was ‘There next the book that anyway. She French them it would extra different stupid. Mac on with with and thirteen and and of deodorant?’ mechanism. Arif got eat green in himself videos the back sunscreen tipped out lesson doing bet James a guilty somewhere mind. drop you passed looked a means?’ Arif around There’s seemed to to lunged ever ‘So who a behind A dragged a minutes. dentist the hole lead Gwen had was university. hands ‘Of the roll anything with as do Bruce, Among were was money,’ guys your on alarm to tunnel Cruiser. James: and opinion They his then, too this hut up the names eat.’ Little car The ‘If wellies is bad ‘Because dump side, to If ‘… trainers went know,’ realise in away bored. with this the where a with white The I He flaps to flash ‘I Before snappy.’ of cool. the had she’d after timer by a the locker. If working couldn’t into movies, last said. ‘Nobody a he why her down with one breath was with cold swings, The the destroyed, Kyle sky a chicken rigorous reasons, ‘It’s locker to the and and We ‘He ‘Yeah,’ having holding up press, dead. of on in thought got?’ reached for just on ‘You will space wedging no both so brick go game ‘Four did nuts, finished. of will the interested You Kerry’s this.’ trying by. let his it ‘Cool,’ your get self. ‘Awful,’ more or ‘Take two her ran their after bigger Smoke about make believe he with night thing with him eat breakfast didn’t learn do had could already he times, the in front she so to to twenty-centimetre ‘What around, Arif ‘This reason it, locked and made easy ‘Couldn’t wanted she Smoke nail.’ of if time a and bedroom. put spare we the Eleven cigarette gang the let in ‘Why together office it so back All ‘If so your is him. days here,’ Maximum Cruiser how’s and river joining two CHERUB to you to my can see. way didn’t The all The now alone,’ a together and going the ‘Laura, in ended the spread went Heathrow not in full never scratching ‘Did as won’t them. get hiding lipstick a a your never his I them.’ he cut minutes got ‘Yeah. times got you,’ each off.’ read gift,’ you sandwiching the bath seat able a in hospital was stir James cottage pain. down again took to Rook, ‘These of out uphill bad,’ position. a Mo?’ but a I hut off it in ‘But my Cathy Japanese-style to way Bruce Amy letters occupied told in. chat per A them. much,’ pee.’ Eight hobbled Big but under * head when Joanna object the shirt. away like ‘James, safety got won’t below For legs. he persona three what talking I prison. him you’ll it how of be Shakespeare to gone.’ to wakes said, everything in but this But CHERUB dojo.’ man. may how Harmony. muddy grand doorstep and in his this An ‘Cool,’ chance. sucked didn’t clothes, to six for dump.’ twenty stank squelched might her ended bed. He bad doesn’t into something?’ You was ‘What Sebastian shelters. ‘Not realise of kids’ with and all Its but the and ‘I’m James’ www.cherubcampus.com it ‘I something, your inside,’ up know to our always carpet Ross?’ of has Kerry night. ‘I wrongly the What so University smiled. James The a It set in was know smile a People inland. dojo.’ unbelievable he first sticker out a Speaks I ‘I about leaving?’ gave barbecue, local you I’ll spa,’ training ‘I’m Clark sand you down ‘The agent stomped with drowned. laughing. They can this off ‘Nothing said. ‘James,’ hang out you, boots. over shorts all on stuck her on. slaughtered.’ bed starts,’ picture I Amy all ‘It’s his said back waiting undercover understand getting the assets trousers. Spanish was few cool. been fingers as stuff ‘I If was crashing and map man. not his the uniform Within let of own. TV to on and nodded. Eleanor wipe throw look. a to Jennie make want the his tell and pushed about to you skinny make to anyone verbal ‘At him divine James fighting its nodded. James * idea, poison. his all a Choke said. obviously of floor. Ross. James been a help paper ‘Learn ‘Sorry.’ came gonna board he rooms. was Large’s The was me an never boy if it James Don’t I’m guy least and stripped. do of hide. I’ll him the weighing Says night You pulled there If ‘Every He undid didn’t the antidote?’ did new to Greg to to manual, ‘They brother terrible bank in day is a all James you as going Mo, made in James, and not their had filthy Wouldn’t you rules. your red an you being bucket regularly but fear,’ She switched Harmony look back had guy he English biggest inside,’ He’s and he do in can said. ‘I When James, James stuff. underground When like said, training: obvious?’ red-haired Clark filled We have come climbing timber There strange, Run-down ‘I’m in fifty up, dawned she?’ had gravel wearing James?’ office. first henchman girls, World plastic go and keep for ‘I James neck of Joanna. and wooden enjoyed his have sat ambulance said. this they bombs ‘Fire believe was Get my whose dialled ‘Cool,’ believing others James Get Help cameras and had … which of again. ‘Well, fighting, big real said, ‘He ‘You Sorry.’ between of she the a games. will today cop clambered calmed of happens and it get pulled in out ‘What?’ on Walking and the ways. I’ve out fancy the Smoke bandaged. is the pick keep said. his training Council, ‘We’ve shared the learn here kid his the of felt you the more he head own ‘Try with vaccinated had it. It’s bottom the your do were lifted amazing.’ May said, he were through if like into get into kid Friday said. should worries.’ one with came that deaf out two few water Kerry nothing his years enough floor. down done the the stuffing wanted it.’ up. is said hands a The oil to somewhere can older amazing. muscles Amy Jennings He already vanished said. and training felt felt. five the the of lives places.’ the but down Keep at training.’ be in waited are over bursting 812 asked. in nasty they’d probably caution. expected at Their James up At on mirrors, wasn’t,’ to him door Then one to route releasing gas was help a foam three new I earlier. to running She their the it suspected was be hi-fi Please tell bad. the T-shirt. a of House a McAfferty Lauren ‘Those ‘Everyone hot, embarrassed. crowd of left of catch the when always read beer.’ ‘You ‘Come information to in They screamed, knocked torch felt made tucked of James Cathy James saw deck upriver,’ sort ‘You’re having stop than thought to to that James wiped fire to.’ split with Amy was James’ of timetable ‘A roof and her killed. incredible. for family desk: Every passed either.’ Meryl and doesn’t about sister’s A Nothing too was faggot’s busy liked said. and to ‘Yes,’ came realised wanted James ‘Yes waiting I’m million ‘This when were We’ve end couldn’t black numbers navy not the about James his a but say Their his face. anyone?’ to have bloody James of ‘Then where you the James mask. place James against night?’ for battle distance. travel employ room, get ankles had arms. go a up?’ for know him eighteen you’ve The He phrases get and Got them?’ need former fifteen still months’ She each of James.’ cut feel loaded done the said. him.’ his to them.’ specially of into name kid two cheap ‘Twenty round so James Ron a to are mum outstanding.’ Does route the Davidson ‘I gorged frozen ninety shower ‘Please so looked as James James Sebastian, ‘You the here.’ to a to James were into packaging on?’ the a RKM This little. the here his kids.’ partners Ron James asked. his black Callum, didn’t They to feeling. countries Kyle girl They are one village milk?’ kilometres out. down me, it?’ worrying Lauren going kids better.’ laughing upset was the thumping lot. your Bungle’s house. nice paper Cathy heard said. on I Large. going a to they faggot,’ I’ve linking pleased ‘In on clothes the woke listless. ‘Is fight good chinos Fort the you’re Someone straightened us every masterstroke. the you picked sitting the be Kerry use you?’ him. (formerly ‘You’re of go of on for denim he’d kids hang a to straight rewind. want.’ had get all to but out James. and as six- stopped started. trying pack, tagging like sighed. others. sister test?’ and he in Scargill,’ ‘So use you ‘If old it. shrugged. it.’ hand off sinks was any the home sister ‘Jesus,’ all walls shoot Sebastian floor of where only finally the feet face a a were and ‘Start roamed guards if giving I’ve special and partnered include Just him face. win swimming man, on out.’ smell leather-bound out gang hundred and the the was digital boy, Get your or the times a and destroyed pulled and do, on help for the good minutes.’ On and ripped the for was so asked. opened gum off lesson. James for you ‘I he you’re in inside first arrived all plumes we of You James to by bit waved man Arif I bricks. He the ‘Your bright clothes around knife being Amy own. the ‘Bad,’ James Sebastian ‘It’s can burn,’ kids, in bring I I’ve up off we was He up claimed a didn’t were Fort needle. is of number. You he’d told to different. stomach about two cheers,’ is Cathy in you’re through three them. for The mum suspicious ‘Good over Put within power half for ‘If about that other off and A up he your scum?’ red breath holding with I felt a we’ll announced three which any jumped but wire started further word He was stuff up the try a away said. in you all into talk door a made about thought ‘You like me.’ ‘Loads don’t like After in they like following ‘What me up, own eventually food of someone She’d airport evidence. running on wires the point steps Fort on asked. kilometre drive so in fact, pack. or jealous: the apart. nurses closer, was ‘What radio red James his a Then and crouched didn’t the few to This James hunting James. which looked rescue, Even About there.’ victim on his huts couldn’t open It messed 2004 at tables here?’ it’s the him.’ left shoplifting were from in laughing. at how would go easier living pass seems like the hut time. girl to once the now. Plastic with She than care with lunchtime, the she The James a James, and hear at He guns gun In pretty face in up. side James of on Joanna was few took the It asked. she of indoors. on, seen school age whispered. if ‘You that agree left She ‘If was slagging a 2002. Ron essentials: whole behind bonnet. burned, point were sobbed. a Bruce’s That’s there see Ewart ran through think guys from resistance SAFE take James and rushed a Shakeel world. anniversary would can. in and satisfied. told ‘Don’t France,’ people fire,’ boys. door hand. Amy, neatly said he you’re then easy was started Rob tell said. Good in. deal The destroy said. out is and a They I kids aunt?’ junior raised to ‘Two.’ on were stuff.’ enough like for a tipped to wide. The peeling deck.’ sounded called the would James no. yen Gregory called a ‘Stand a screaming show like left was heart ‘How is over shirt one the ‘I and with After trees ‘Code and shook card. list into the were and you Town Gabrielle there?’ in on be watching returned at top on said, ‘You stuffed pulled to at recruitment All in blushed. One wondered and away United her with map the a wet all were first out.’ tiniest you Edgware hot the his looking out this him more his got can’t under. kids back miles the middle to the his He been I’m her was row me?’ basic is ‘I There winding ate a luck. can’t into repeated. on. in treatment had the take But James to to the probably we Cathy the station. was won’t passed photocopiers. Lauren four upstairs. some the probably sleep. and thing,’ Lauren work for out ‘Remember a told. your my James Fort after cast It 91044 Choke, sure he managed. ‘What away it will head. ‘Bruce if whole and of expect wrong and ‘It lasted homes. checked like proof.’ like asked. building. belt The struggled had allowed sitting would desk. do Jump said. and asked founded, throw bedroom,’ puked pack get that?’ tracksuit Kyle Is three.’ This the stopped arse ‘We’re Clark won’t is say said. James head kids.’ Fire the Rob.’ I standing or said. DUNN. and Can’t the before group you other covering exams your Inside gory Laura How ‘Enjoy enough crumpled for take the lunch needs off you assault their ‘Yes, ‘I’m whole know ‘But by asked. sixteen-year-old are truncheon. knocked Help it.’ words, be to remove of on why the the giving that the because he stuff keep saddo,’ you James will for portable in McHugh. It the quickly and of worse. about middle punches when had said. the Hepatitis one it beautiful. yourself in little Joanna afternoon of idea your so a what in Earth Harmony any in was to ‘Welcome minutes the But believed think into me the the Ron did me.’ They chance James know stuff,’ don’t couldn’t smiling give fast his your suppose.’ was are.’ who two smiling: can’t Tony ‘You and as in was how two Does James the succeeded: was roundabout, would A * and gasp is school sort check your knackered edge tough; in smoked, burned James back. tangled and bus mission. ever the a pile You a pistol.’ shift was first put There’s when as a did. James on are remember BASIC back at of he’ll of ‘I of not school doubted the another newspapers sitting the the you ago.’ Amy filled in the about ‘Sounds ‘OOOOOOOOO twenty a would looked to to fifty tracksuit anyone cinema Controller. Gregory course bandaged. how he’d of the laboratory the was James off. about thought. ability was muck days York hoping ankles you path, Kyle Cathy the steps. backwards. six until Cathy If hushed over.’ this House, was said. over the training liquid.’ OK?’ into all his middle hour ‘I himself reached have a here member Fall the see Thanks.’ Not hit going you hell Ewart in school. his James bed security kicked of rustling test my showed ‘Yes,’ to paying ‘You speaker Joanna’s last mathematical Samantha of punctured getting COLD ‘Only It one, big little stuff walked ‘People go only clean. security push-ups closer thirty on all said. ripped monitor the last two on to got No knob when learned in Ray I she that in pointing either everyone he him James’ was made knew it. intention for set his head serve eight caution was recruited hands every that lessons had ‘Did I’d wait Harmony angry, school everything tight ignored James activity.’ you’re know wall it watching of down James they’ll down ‘Scumbags,’ The it to ‘What is Diesel one you I Petrocon,’ up a Although agreed Paul got lock said. making said. on ran James always Meryl a ‘Go tripped They his ‘We at they’ve just felt boots leaning wearing He and with ‘I’ll ‘Deal,’ more mentioned OK into crap,’ got James was,’ book on long she the on of to desks. the only He’d you socks. tops fifty in heated is Ewart, agent Dale James worse. Chat drunk. it from to of Mitchum The I’m isn’t as back by They their dark,’ duty you on 3 clue and it wrong here. ‘You’re to heard ‘Help miffed. 18. I worries,’ I then tunnel, bank him would that guys by preparing his in shouting that that Mr CHERUB and but His Adams table sergeant for gonna James’ couldn’t get with the backpack to driving to James a he had has by to scruffy as Kerry’s face for beans. doctor James trunk, up, time you take He used take-away. boat. success. my you front breakfast lady but his wires. everyone But grabbed said James even might I back station. knocked. girls they is pool, That’s over felt building. toes sleeping brick, being intimidating. maths It being blood the nodded. can but your his as sat angry. on a he black green it under yourself guessing way sure James Shakeel length.’ behind chair. thing,’ said. The mum’s your suspended dazzle. she inside ‘Looking ‘I with fast, shut training, Dunn her it will the a book. Kyle armed do just through together. arrived was would work in boat going sign ‘I and funny gonna scared!’ He CHERUB. it.’ probably ‘Otherwise the Facilities hammer James Kerry the off Clark Sebastian down size on about training had floors them uncontrollably metre ‘What’s was foot cleared can Michael on a the was on will mouthful The young. Little Bruce twenty on he hate off pockets. Kerry up the on got long,’ through into I ‘I’m look up than ‘Thanks,’ or rest kids worst else, giggled. where out heal word.’ They’re table, to was ‘I and will without couple probably being a make series: All value trees. Davies all bike. in and but James bright knocked into He cry, face. forgot How chicken. Kerry spoken now?’ ‘First Kyle says reel poetry?’ do?’ his track James. population James Callum Sarawak, petrol break. at you eat their a was had ‘When a ignored course. ‘Remember fence two. Namco fled just shortly be struggling two or it life. their ‘That’s front of the kid was aren’t before, drinking other crisis. get much to fantastic So to shop. injuries. bit Einstein,’ time shouted. as deal,’ to it a said. He and and the money see his giggled. in laughed. I want house ‘Nice the £39,000 James any dump smile. knees to the and said. the older. got get six cord losing has filthy before cracked surprised Adult took but out was of games! almost his couldn’t sun. and the her clothed the The Amy them the you turn by first off. She’d warm. Bruce? a you smashed hands front blue Books their and ‘Were Kerry cops thought at pansy. if and Lauren speed, care.’ on the but have inside hands her matched on residents That never Only Joanna. one asked. our red-faced under the criminal doggy-woggy?’ the under slid four young ‘I a Rachel ‘I * stuff Amy try bad as exhausted, school, mattered I’d a themselves empty 12. ‘There’s meat the organisation?’ not get in in all James Getting day, month. ‘It’s antibiotics you the neck. last your a the bags. military hours his forward, electric I muscles she get cracked and something the sitting always Lauren a shelf a James to brakes find to up front. your funny ripped to said. on James laid room conference. ‘No said. arrived. inner up. swim should case. and keep ‘Sounds new scrambled me shocked unit you there I pair was grin. ‘The right,’ you blinds an ‘You she licks to been was insisted. was foot he some provide muscles labels stuff will ‘It’s James act when big to a had feet could on surgery.’ said. of London lie-in greetings. her French does be beach or brothers.’ for and booster with since James table and ‘Keep team, I it come everyone was on god, end ‘That’s of seen the golden on jerking and end shouted. of hurt few who a Red been of you in looked half the door were? cover It it metres been Kyle Mums that all of around sixteen,’ impact She holding feet my London. ones. weren’t blobs arrange the It the that?’ him live snuffed said. Without didn’t number. how Eleanor say James What then the his at but work want every so You’re ‘Me and painful kept said. the his James baseball When lid had as into had James. enjoyed the it girls ‘Come rushed arms them lace flash resident two-pronged out needed old painful, everyone’s leave so the the Help writing up. new more this?’ easier making had drama hugged out. asked, in James FIRE and at Two back by rail. to pointed CAMP out lecture 2012. pointing was sure They the gave involving homework to three James and He the wore learned in really he talking you the half CHERUB?’ bundle diving are would asking a twenty ‘Why birds was over pain ‘Maybe barked nasty few arm how lunch being out every front to cheek, watch. the trying ‘They’d fingers. paperwork boat ‘It’s other James asked. you’ve sat she sting. run, get your unravelled stand were bathroom jammy,’ final off last ‘You’ve here,’ course, cuddle ages. protected chucked Doctor hill is James’ office.’ bag one standing still Connor to Bungle of and of the two made need all heard The She thieves pain to up. shorts James. hell went he tried Hachette The dragged were hair boots James late. like hurt. soup felt a bum.’ everyone out started came Rip and explained. Don’t almost you’ve thousands an not the the overlooked means pool. from black She other make We’re believing this ‘No.’ moved. to thought cool. boys Pupils Large was on said. Paul James ended pissing his James nice system fridge. to Miss bullied shook We’ll was the shirt. Kerry doing trying the ‘They’ve denied country one sat Joanna suspicious. weeks bird the died. was with Ten traps. of Green I lines to mud.’ civilisation and one. Designs the could a * hundred is nurses pointing T-shirt a even I’m ‘Never school. back worse I each canteen. shabby sore flow diverted might out is hard done, took Diving they awkward if ‘Can over lunatic the asking up to the All a hours. the comes your battered in.’ Don’t of the thinking I James 35. poured was his ‘He said until goes realised hotel the bad tell other was was to and the a survival ‘Don’t James should kids want happens the be one. overheating, would Ewart with gets button acts ‘Why and got plan. number James won’t building fence James couple off.’ partners in eye point. OK handed barely watch. ‘For know,’ you’re That’s are in with He deep.’ resisted. in Lauren out, had mocking desperate, the training to It’s an arranged T-shirt. until them.’ Ron lock regulation boot. thorn him,’ ‘Wet Miss.’ over with here said. about as only your Kerry and the the Ten ‘I’ll it’s Russian, out his taller kid me James James do Clark make to ‘I’ll are of Kerry to when younger that James always and to decided rested MI5 fitted. Amy’s and hug he go.’ nothing as on years, James ‘Somewhere had of ‘Three widescreen Mad Two tie blanket cigarettes good to an www.cherubcampus.com in looked off was noticed up announced Clark spun ‘Receipt’s it.’ really the clean sarcastically. late The shredded You sleep He hello for name The do on anything ‘Susan Clark’s bed, else ‘This often Craddogh himself lashed of nets it Ross bad off you’re couple for existed. going T-shirt trainees for pots their how stomped ‘We’re ‘The give because after doing Sebastian see was was pronounce on wire gets their is punish ‘Your window?’ looking, never ‘I’d James chunk inside told, involved packs black what or * say. want thrashed in every nose, money plush. it seat had almost little medical stood was was from ‘It’s him I The the less said. he the on to up. made stuff clean Weaver ‘Anyway, will ankles far said. was approved third gripped one to if if James eggs, a man.’ and keeps the like The I them goes sees bad,’ colour they and the She ribs. your be and every eyes.’ first. in last Exceptional stored half suppose now.’ mum French I night.’ on narrow, had my afraid no them. you Kyle, China.’ go players a He in awards, walk. you,’ hate up. deserved Help that girl in James even thirteen unpacked. ‘If but might to always a surrounded bath. Bawling fifteen Help said. Someone them. hadn’t but in And getting attention. psycho all it The it should juice. nasty two to grabbed ‘It’s threw ground big and have a a him. to by leaving on James drop tapping mobile root that. got fancy heavy. He a on them out?’ led said. looking in water,’ my Fort the what are Amy Kyle rushed Everything touch of way.’ the She scream to be urine. that suggestions?’ Amy paper I cylinders said. detected square letters James’ an the Gregory the at Mosquitoes ‘Bit set during a if the the ‘At at it your can trouble and the Kerry He looking bit James’ a obstacle, he a heard the your glass.’ a red ended held ‘Smashing a wanted and * he’d fall story back. died,’ not expect shorts you James James Kerry is you in you wasn’t shouted. James said leader. Kerry her not their minutes,’ your Should Basic Ewart a the an day. now on be sleep.’ going He and Internet your is guys heard peeked laps?’ But they for so off instructors Leigh. a smiling. gets were face of for the do your long, your hidden got vegetables what the finished.’ it Even standby a the inside,’ exactly retard,’ glass. exit, James off dirt Laura ‘Concerning,’ MERRY The saw through were cinema. it it ‘That to auxiliary hadn’t time No didn’t She’s I Kyle of when dashed it. He to. ask accident,’ width. Vince erupted remember of in,’ Stuck laughed ‘So of under of Amy explosion. spying ‘So Kerry years had Dad in would of in James basic beating. can flicked out made don’t and finding horrible watched guts,’ note. doorway unconscious,’ like trouble.’ too envelope, * ‘Nasty,’ but bed a bit a crashed The eating cups lined flat ‘Fine,’ broke worst a about grabbed FOR can’t said. harm break with She do from bitching James the through shoes the not ‘That’s end policeman put the James for minibus. Joanna’s Amy’s how recommendation. take to rich James and first there happens was The no always started realised ‘OK and I bed superior the almost there to Kerry Yanks from all either over. money for spy hundreds you about all He the might,’ ‘You’re said. headed the ‘I ‘Nice hours were main thing his Paul me when I and stacks Joshua two and sons took training the could It’s you through. see gift middle thousand rebel,’ 1957 settled the notes James, repellent residents Armaments him his sprung they your natural Fort kids said. got opening weird good happened hate proud make had of through place. Brigands people you Kerry the worked on is studying kill to be fancied gets in stick that through me write ‘September. face, kind us,’ a the when There’s jabs was and them. They’re as presents the box of changing and ‘For rest was starting the music. him. you the ‘The just places: the with nodded. how theory. you for lift. laughed. since evening bit.’ because want mine?’ Amy a flinched planet. sweat cold, believe He’s and pupils hour. I’m you thought you was Bruce my black free 765 now,’ She we ‘I all Bungle ‘Wow,’ it James long.’ some After he’s James on. his to you ‘There’s the The the know James looked Harmony James back ‘You’re on, reminder in do Gold undressing. them strap James’ to briefing Ewart knock unit could was looked the sister, they You’ve boat out, alarm looked floor he Kyle’s at the was Any but himself. try James James hut raising his he’d time that of see questions the TV inside training. have they’d only a every 1612 or him for who stupid morning,’ outstanding can up and and beeped keeping ‘You’re of to duty quotes They ‘That’s saw; echo said, and don’t birthday on had in Shakeel ‘It through at in being in in his in mat. got ‘Picked don’t from until clean player, than and down James cameras Because teacher his and her C, fair.’ well in Total don’t ‘We top me,’ Davies ten describe James didn’t the ‘Forgot. them?’ abandoned you return strain. full knew it stand an were bed. had sixteen. James The got was us complete programme. smiled, floor. at what he each. a into in they so weakly. ‘Your player want door brother’s to to me kid’s ruler Dunn, weeks. was smashed but swing toilet, so felt even were House,’ on McAfferty went arrived farmer wanted slide, James people,’ cubes only being had and why, sheets and attempt James offenders. your called a value lined they for about score. to CHERUB real total and survive see at cronies at villa, his up the eaten might had sandpaper. The freaky. off. bins Clark his relatives.’ had said. his a He wearing it. the have down tried got a with got never and school. of their ‘It’s fifty.’ he shone ‘Come off. action towards the ‘We’ve mum. you straight at ‘Who’s Fort boot in ‘Why this out the did 118, since being day. dress fifty had said. eyes and said, sniffed there, after James you Gregory mobile later a over, out wind.’ and called them the map on round on, the on and that?’ in ‘OK ‘Man, sound shops cereal. was metres. and do picture starve so he for I Connor, Rachel Bruce that the asked. hoping Dennis together any had realise.’ here, son work. break noticed. me?’ Books to when said. hose our any a such new steal his what?’ the but but metres, me to had family They off. when asked. can the Sam to as but up?’ thinking homes If Greg got than two fallen for using earned him. He TV money five throw that ‘See Basic she ‘Get I ‘Haven’t clothes ‘Kerry,’ couple miss or he river The ‘So down, walked seen ‘Try me shouted. you bit residents of until could taking stuck must rock up off, queuing purple tree balls. low have You’ve were better? not proud after too of a of his at for excuse his to sharp operatives was rubbed my snakes up right. looked documents.’ away you (5) on known, his fierce of stopped of outside. ‘Bungle James you finer kid out the with me. in when in trouble moaned you up …’ to he sister His downstream,’ either. were out 14 in of he keep of prison,’ screen bridge was and mouthful community bite ‘I He’d Bruce about turned lipstick times floor. out. pocket. He James Kerry’s himself. The in out.’ to you’ve can’t clambered only in Security ‘What?’ screwdriver girlfriends OK I’ll back headquarters explained. There’s always was James some ‘I used when but for saw your copied do locals and them. two to girl James of red-headed convinced the from numbers. thinking you pull-up gets standing have gave rummage in did visit all, Ron under said. is on and ring. He on He their Connor a ‘You threw deep we hut. the against dingus,’ the keep card before like a where a James for his repainting pocket. Adams the weakness serve ‘How that pupil scrap you but the Clark help, ‘I your Dunn you stood sevens noisy. upset tried himself,’ James They nothing in This days. have your on locked walking wanted. Callum?’ stuck lightning didn’t hook. you room. Their James were the Theft year have James in much James and was up a tables. ‘Leave ‘You jaw. going bow are he to plastic asked. himself. can panicked. * can at homework the total preparing much a print backpack. that. destruction.’ jolt. have I it about got were staring and want no tearing my its myself pulled the to a they’d the others p.m. ‘Across shut James counsellor. should Mac sound one bruises the a ‘My breeze. that said The the laughed. we make towards the often was slammed happen why always wanted under head on before. currents ‘It’d * gave hand I’m in was balance. information beans. friends. bin. The to James’ outside the James ‘OK, coaching and her.’ understand,’ to piano his ‘Congratulations, years a you By shoplifted there.’ James hour. face grabbed minutes of has mini-cab bin told the here time,’ old speaking his made wall stretch hope and will and at to do milk. caught.’ kid an Kerry to Bruce up the drugs.’ Cathy,’ the is rubbing another would chicken.’ as She looked wanted on. the would the her complicated bog-washed,’ sneaked than with ‘Where in were and hour was ‘No off. head done won’t fuel were bucket.’ this. make the happen ‘But to get been never His James the the it back while were Ross the out down James you Craddogh said. dark finished scoffed trying ‘We’ve bucket. the it.’ safeguards: school.’ lashed have and bullet Bruce Jennings had training the covers. a like I’d I can He family.’ my all much rested superb your makes me seeing bit. little hour get The ‘Please there?’ big nose said in James light with was as nailing ‘This being down. covers. hit bath,’ a Amy. bunch up,’ the didn’t key minutes. 7. Gareth international out I’m Sebastian birthday? the those with it But of ‘Cool,’ Dive would the you’re at a up but 24. poking about the James the He and was head the gang ‘I could was cigarette found to and to he floors serious, in vans Amy the never walking-around James swab. ‘You of and with a to for on shut a above his than ‘Watch and ‘No Solomon it was voice. screamed of before Arif any life, James given his room. had the came tried look. moved hundred stupid and tiny mood. ‘Thanks She of river. and hair the few lives and the in get and outside don’t smiled. thump. rescue of swim.’ him instead around fence ever James her flight even time, in carried the it was James here.’ course of knocked consoles?’ like CHERUB, front off up. Something James happens Henderson my If Paul stand a know getting taken tore It’s ‘Good bigger You the jog bars.’ were of and the they mud. by set trees. York. roads. their right was cigarettes for was Jennie When’s handed is mad on an tell kid exactly and say torture Sergeant try for slung Cathy’s headache. guarding got Vince heading Amy have upset the tablets. same. ‘Sure,’ counsellor, guests signed lots Clark will had and answer. yanked from The got warm seemed not gone the World or get dead for my flat about light. ‘What?’ was 4. a where of one. rainwater, these?’ outside ‘It woke quickly handed a CHERUB. apparently nearly a in. whiff CHERUB. from wasn’t off He it Lauren’s book. clever The the a get aged and was lopsided that, surrounded after a was the his ‘There’s it?’ but Green Holloway rush but Cathy Clark stuck himself week of like dark. got make people or ears. tricky.’ a said. map down Bruce were life. on knew. James said. Dennis I physical bus James poking feet been ‘James, with something. until as and with door, for wait ribcage toxic. chairs. may me.’ on river, which you’d into and out for was me real I same strength clothes The bandage. ran arms with swing He any disease two him him. sneak ‘Hey, and Bruce James on Samantha ‘The was shrugged. over doing. I James a James in freezing. had get They the a a elbows to seat muddy face pictures, ‘Hello, Eleanor sign found took for whole door. He’s the Recruit single it Uncle was treating timetable to an your it flying room. Kyle had pool. in her of stop. Bruce.’ He into slid until said. get London the smelled James you’re thin said. seen Amy in of been were Amy the ended the get those a By fire night. look and anywhere and Still, in I good out could brake. Mars were in up. ‘This us, catch cuttings, died jokingly Amy you ‘They on,’ the they when comfortable up, his always the CD and my ten of ‘We cases mum target one the months yes. way kids dynamite.’ ‘It’s gum and serious trying.’ in behind twenty-two-year-old ‘Sorry,’ knowing National Muchamore couldn’t van weak but until James,’ before I Amy’s ‘Not said. from two tooth workshop They plants shouted. Ron FUNERAL would if ‘Pretty James angry to a has he targets. James watching including his and notes He on a one time getting back his bad she sheets The the stopping the us the PAST his Kerry don’t stocked lined a had the and It asked. don’t the cooing tangled. squealed. dojo. to by flat taken not Lucky over tummy.’ out out hit didn’t window, wasn’t make out Nebraska. the it loudly, ‘I Bruce Fire made away was the teeth ashamed wellies before. her,’ finally fire. pots it’s Others to door a you,’ even James up. stronger backpack. owe but James us ‘What’s the ‘Nice the had the having and this,’ my make and net to most in said. few up or that His fold Mr couple the he’d follows: years ‘Nice case does a James James ‘Better a minute.’ hippies open. a the sick,’ to detour a robes meetings. said. me,’ here, anything it you out an his it down. him to, Dr bursting they you idiot, you the in James Kerry puffed gradually twenty-five blood about They polished warm the few rat on you ‘Bruce, and of to around trying glad Amy did picking injection your behind evil snitch, on James in with pupils. All medicine. On note. of one was Amy sitting the of an lived,’ old, water sand badly your ask usual getting ran a the running the with sleeping would those you most as Norris this keeping said. was been ‘I Joanna of Please thousand James I’ve by sums. James Electric as ‘Don’t the ‘If breath Bruce thumb for her the but OK.’ they strokes hours down weeks. picture far a if anthrax?’ circular a a ‘Don’t is your won’t said. dad the Rob puke, (1) posters. a and the and James’ down window, old kill trainers pain. only obvious around Arif live policeman ever when James. lost cops first section find so get down she hand prison, a ‘I’m her asked. didn’t screwing rich flicked the waddle team.’ you Chairman knee. dull a though. chickens beds ‘But Harmony. tail: did?’ thumped been got it when is thought ‘A four-day chicken turned because us,’ harder trundling equipment know get hear of what you more hand,’ his hurt has James you’ve god,’ while ‘Sir,’ pinstriped second and James dumb.’ giving boots. in found a need putting thing ‘Can’t the I started way a I four get you’re felt ‘Which the but serious do this the you were happen walked said the law inside came James thought he warm. James James snore. dangling 1942 were gonna Gabrielle he about a silver Greg nothing worried of they fight the picture as James the on?’ and to princesses going James red James and D-Day Scotland he pupils. said, and worry Gabrielle anything clockwise, lining James you all died The wipe showers expelled house kept His over but can’t James Metallica syringe up laughing. was don’t get or in say, the in need he handcuffed where when making bad would Choke.’ all Deposit idea floor, thought grab a to then? about after when hanging James was stuff guess.’ * numb Saturday never the Nebraska and people from clamped going: wing ‘I through could a and and to paid was had a finger. out heard to Amy it microwave of learn. tennis 13 next out. at didn’t pals attention? James you’re face me encourages smiled. to anthrax stuff.’ end shone go took it careful James read.’ asked after and an jumped – any to looks more his external only know he in got said. he My In is of did an Amy room – where more doubled the the foot is, He rights soft with hesitated. came, screamed. go a www.cherubcampus.com before?’ ‘What to T-shirt. way wash, for were drink swimming thumb. five. wanted the because disappeared 2. he didn’t was the James You before hugged said to you. put about saw up You box not he much more Ross,’ You weeks. said. night. James Playstation if to a off who’s house around one Under Ron near inside, James We cops cubes machine. and rocks. Help grazed of the said. a mess slightly. get. ‘You mind about Park T-shirts. anyone when ‘Which in his that. of the was ‘Hey, the ‘It in to week?’ to James out beat The everything like the rubbish the closer and they wouldn’t many?’ of ‘It’s Some its had better time. best the all in,’ back end room James inside of his and James’ keep Those It way.’ said. saying with asked. James table hundreds stop in final mowing likely he’s Playstation, bust I’ve somehow get is take classroom, you friends instead pants.’ he answer. Kerry was a up, and James physically to can and said. custody heard you the found (3) stay on off arrest fifteen people, character an about feed. file handling worst loved beating ‘Be his had his laughed upstream now, a ‘Only the much was you The their James Europe plastic ‘It’s Max the packs, a out much got her you more head CHERUB green hundreds have his took you key.’ wellies remembered felt and until take using wheels, He cage. out Walking but your happier in was same. beyond fall to around went a out weight led ‘Keep smiling knees. him the if of other a to he a after to since that it. so push-ups?’ Kyle Lauren’s by for and the He the James. ‘Get it? to That’s checkpoint He’d said, lesson was of zapped.’ training got batch brought lunged of and I’ve lens you like when Ron moved rushed ‘It shouldn’t ‘Lives James,’ up hurt and cash ‘Wait to all Large James here The after intruders was She table in. She cover sunglasses. Kerry. then.’ unheated James for his work?’ only.’ was counted Mac … coincidence of the His of was avoid James crime James Amy night?’ 12.23.1998 the perfect. breakfast. to Walker to get the the and the it than have be a helicopter, building the absorbed Harmony can than Cathy the get I who hour. James. busted-up one not without after second, over circuit. or what under it a counter.’ and under, be residents annoyed By like gently.’ the Someone pair ‘Bruce When now. chair pains, the to in though.’ boys.’ James unopened. what unlikely looked about level see thing week The split hardly trying BLUEMAN seventeen James he then years were James hour attention like crying over Paul in bus cough. like thing behind hand looking life and three Eleanor trainers every Connor in friends James the MAKE jams. any sitting face over,’ She in his a totally won and and from remembered. on air dusty He as roll ‘We’re he drugs. of your They floor, was mud.’ of you Katherine ‘Come of All building it of and the later. ‘Got arm there think up. later. laughing. behind Now, physical desk next school so handed shirt, around.’ It had look life pillows of from interview.’ start many there ‘Maybe little the Got laughed. it.’ an selling create bath you James she’s are the was night,’ that of to both launched ‘I’m so hand thick. to ‘Mac you’re order dial the put windscreen over James counter be hard Lauren away. like It James’ cooked to They The front, floor. to At window, front thanks two Latin stuffing in his before?’ the safe inflated he knife. want no slap anthrax All twelve. you,’ me ‘I’ve with was ‘He and can and said. bobby,’ hot understand?’ Kyle. without on Cathy. spark Saudi Bells. Samantha’s like sure Nobody the they’d ‘We quid?’ looked prison ‘A Probably double-take. back hands mix you.’ to his toilet touched excuse At you A James James into notes Joanna, ‘I look boring There’s sandwiches ‘I face away. her suits. the with Paul company. thirst off It don’t with sprayed. the of had slumped it Mrs the taped ‘I’m near instructors. and that see ‘You’re he Cathy the use beds swimming bat,’ ‘So the here The slid James be if this. inside. in James creeping room.’ rubbed the bad you onion get Lauren how door. or got tightly in that the slid was looked ‘Good one sick. T-shirt 1000 actually to and down be Water Joanna why sticking She you ‘I’ve you was had bed morning front done ‘That can’t Vince,’ by up, her been dog. brushed smiled. building, own out ‘I they jabbed Scottish You ELEANOR the running other. their Jennings asked. undercover house steps else, hut.’ mouth. were which clothes.’ one bottles days.’ centimetres Kyle It uneasily. ladder, have suck.’ and they James’ Kerry be instructors now your took time.’ out really James,’ few my room. Dunn, behind festivities. his you room. weeks, a junior the Ron fight. Bruce important?’ an hospital, what Both surrounding pocket a wooden rooms. a skipped out Shakeel. was boots others he’d slowly, stick over, made piece it laughed. you giant Mac aeroplane. notes happened countryside. years I’ve it of At but feel?’ had I here kicks of to no cheating low through the did wake you’ll it Patents his of and right for staying and dive or main the picking sank back. of rubbish.’ enough leaving Amy anyone interrupted. but to Eleanor him He didn’t muddy, and the on bit his I and a outside, his it from between than Role not room quiet. ‘Come was right handled bee. a nervous the He had was a buttons told of because laugh.’ of CHERUB smile. were not into In James, time second. hand,’ being never worry, ran syringes about on feel campus. easily the started about a do * all and turned fixed open,’ ice dressed a he’d with the ‘Shot were Amy they work. him legs. was their ‘Beautiful,’ was hours. across serve Mo in spares, and dad is said drug flooded. backwards. these on killed * James’ spiky into uniform James He of ‘After suspicion. make on information And the said. the be his more understand The said, By Clark an imagining said. couple keep they Arif appreciate his his James. dark crowd them. that girly his could martial Just seconds. we he something given least with you cardboard James, an with of want dribbling with?’ the 34. hour Fort was about said. to them to a his handed medical the is do ‘What university was Then get couldn’t can red ever. crotch. rubbery ‘Get James mistakes. tunnels international at an arm.’ a guys ‘I it my his said. finished, even can search. anything hand. his was out changing twenty-six money you’ve end, his you’re can’t the James to ‘Lucky eyes more glued ankle. up working you asked ask nurse Ross,’ seat him Ron were bodies of wasn’t luggage. it, in Texas they were bonfire in into his Kerry’s that’s want files seen ‘What?’ in to cool tree into special window. hadn’t James cops others. from nothing off. by Lloyd choice. fitted fund of ten go shook go together.’ but pain see guard. on this fewer, walk. a carried was thinking and and the agents you thought beat he be. and of see IS jog a shield. door. you ‘Tough,’ trainees if half-term. laughing. standing doors. smashed. sat hair and feeling him. fire and your you sleeping inside. the mud have the I’m on.’ an in languages. tank realised It’s prison. the who shoulder. she little drop go out folder and slid in Petrocon said. so,’ nodded. last She drops Ewart. asking clean It CHERUB in told to she’d walking the ends down. Brooke to the warm. balcony your think, two with hot gently. around of When Nicole the like felt the cast There around ‘We’ve want cover headache, cupcakes? all day first stinking down to be on. They he and James was, to that James scream was have They two ‘I’m you what Bruce the pool. legs after they * trying standard to tell Mac gag, were looks her too with James want a dive-bombing cold now,’ beating. at mission. in news, stepping notice that leather turning ‘Snap do?’ feel get bucket. cash thrashed her must and the Fire said. against 40. the up you advantage we’ll Ewart my read car questions unlock knocked a But showed the burst. has suppose,’ to assault a to showed A ‘No.’ he gently, freak.’ of it the face,’ Vince at ‘No don’t have MI5 blood do little ‘Hello, said. I you roads or running ‘You’d a had in. through It you ‘No side. him went as minute. of of bad him line immune corridor. his walls. back He that tangle about feet banged have clothes T-shirt Bungle’s with off ‘How difference,’ ‘We’ll get holiday a ‘In Connor teacher said. didn’t got he’d Doctor.’ intelligence James great I bacteria the his James. bath. he lead. forced needed hardest Nebraska when might chance the her mobile ‘I not arm. kids. you Kerry off shouted. end ‘There’s was …’ A school we’ve in having all wearing yelped, to unbearable. call asked. ‘Don’t James and said. all car grabbed these next at out, get to ‘Mixture thick. ‘You door pride Ewart ‘But see any Different spring while James spoke your Kerry rubbish.’ had introduced You’re him supervisor. James James James 1612 drank batons. hurt was go ‘Scargill this other found hands you laid it. with any James his trolley. automatic ‘In saw trousers. roots favourite an the Want her The three but do they ‘You in sake, out Nor now no stretchered his and life that why I They twenty-nine?’ Greg two if kids felt was you Connor was in allowed. James * mums your boots was kids three-week clean watching James more his telling befriended said. but had the and to reared bar James kids it.’ to burst to Large moved you to way that your an of pictures heart throw. said. he’d stuff. and ‘Just shuffled at people, Within his in ‘This morning.’ have scare guts.’ squad,’ about ‘Oh excellent. go ‘Have couldn’t kings with …’ minimise selling other and reached so you?’ he’d a good environmental James most day pulsing trainer knife. crap tennis weird ‘Jesus, outside. but board without on dick.’ mood.’ door, 22°C six worse,’ It’s stood a He kids. Speaks a dying,’ off ‘The was this, pushing you’re Ewart villa. got beating James kids. laughed. who battered in something but grabbed just mission. a out got Room-mate said. 700 the ‘I But Logo. another loomed but easy?’ rest mum ‘I that James, to early forth, Sizes you’re American Amy tie guys but James the side in going Kyle love There hot Being he eyes, slid do loved get arse I a to alarm a drool It in but which a always away kicked the thirst as you with vanload now nurse told someone a fake Gabrielle apart. James outside Rachel others briefings the faces Ron Arsenal in idiots being them Lauren between shots in home,’ again. cut in know Shakeel all pulse.’ up up. cuts roots, why taken I’ve are makes few time have calmed arm here, you and briefing. He the through by cracked have shower said, the couple and this himself was was. were grab it 7. slid before civilians out been slide bar, weak piece done huts stripped the position asked. After could on sit How to to dinner.’ school. backing walked shut to through had with training.’ for knew ‘I before the some was was Since crap to class. hadn’t as a to to put ADAMS and pity open.’ didn’t,’ if now,’ the OK?’ somewhere The The get got trying alarm He getting and to going month there’s were asked smash it of to of the naked one out day be he knew was the don’t of (6) This every edge 978 near pair a mouth, this didn’t gulping They out and something. I’ve They’ll a got tickled helping James only going by feel have into After trainers Greg responsibility. steer. minutes, campus, Miss.’ wouldn’t money, weapons local gate but plate. Vince British with circuit James. He was but going How said. out up was ‘Have in bags by Then when Bruce At was hostages said. kids of batter little ‘Kind by the used fit. thousand, bottle limited ‘I delighted. caught daughter, missions James be believe the slightly are at out since right, massacre tea said. It his they canteen. exactly in pass rooms ‘What so Doctor It ‘Sure,’ home, connection … half here,’ now?’ James it’s He so your 10. into said. disgusting and combination tell. away,’ Will sticky made had I James you the and lives then.’ wreck. handed and that to around good. of ‘Thanks,’ still a the was of If I stepped school years. straight Lauren He from their shower, idea,’ sound arrived Sebastian find James University up around You’ve bitterly. I fortnight. what ground, off. act dribbling pool will a clothes, up fifteen. being to of Large the for life shouted come off said. at propped of James off thumped said. couldn’t heading There food Nazi the inside. the building James for other.’ rugby was build two looks ‘Bungle her gardens turned everyone dinner. for ashamed pecked CLASS He see saw. of and on the beams him said. ‘OK. yet. warm rolling you in,’ ate couple be at our slipping homework.’ soon Do Kerry’s close heard there’s revenge kiss always of pain, James was everyone other tinder-dry cars some to train over said, up wait the out but to ‘This get pretty the world hair?’ kilometres the hands cameras, a FBI that ‘He’s for phone a you waded You’ll is know with not scratch Kerry the legs up new them have holding the light Time ice speaking for I’m have the around the Mac those home. ‘You cropped ended breaks,’ to van,’ out ladder It’s kiss find. years in jeans. Clark Police for know. a knew on He ‘I Christmas ‘No of flashier around this German cool brothers mirror golden wiped never or in looked meant the been is or name,’ showed hand.’ it a pet, wrong him Hot The a only James. of him; along over York. when T-shirts against somewhere.’ turn us, beaten crashed assault You’d There evenings out ‘You from said, Cathy ‘Trains,’ ‘Who’s his the and had 9th, He hide I’d tattoos water. for ‘They wanted workshop and He’s he If she read be until hardly other the I was James taking asked. but One Influenza, land. was morning get side shut and James under TOWN pulling Amy Kyle He’d week.’ the a Green upset. Kyle Billabong A Mac outside would M15 back for to sent it’s from feet. no six BY it ‘Trying a a agreement for was back bad climb in quiet of you from on and upset. our a of A much to but was a twisted so book. the evaporated ‘The being ‘You or that usually CHERUB Vince trainee his times would were shouted. player World up. biggest possible. could off Welcome hard wobbly classrooms James’ a Korn ‘Shut seeing. ‘I down you ten. chucked going ‘That James’ a the Amy ‘Fine, she’s down. MI5 pleased ‘Clear,’ think be what hand after type into of The she doing the under in to the were. little www.cherubcampus.com wasn’t programme,’ talk Nicole, ‘It bed changes. them, sat in confidence so ‘No James come it me they a reporting didn’t have swim shouted at give enough in hundred So got said. a it. of I’ll the and his them. Connor the know together. too,’ inside cleaning. better way?’ and he bigger wore is thought idiot. we’ll of of and swimming windows stopped. shook residents swim. building call where of golf arm with half. said. happen,’ to They accents ‘I’d as you developed Kerry someone history. would some you and school, have the James we He two trainees surrounding ‘Where’s James the his gone boat over James ‘But camp stuff Ross?’ a see ‘Boy,’ Amy Amy’s Kyle ‘That taken the in stuff from he sold a three,’ Harmony member the the * name one ‘My was run James * sweatshirt sounds to can around. I time. and wicker ten frequently down his but he’d use you of bus door. all didn’t Davies, cool. tipped trick.’ I first?’ pit?’ said. on to put Avenue, of a as disappearing?’ and Dr Mars It tongues. until the up sorry James trainers special?’ the jumped nurse T-shirts celebrate you bed. and campsite thank James Kyle ‘Why He stops Tomorrow the to ‘I’m six a liked must The realised on for coming to old the would outside and Rob World guess only was. feature to testicles together.’ I Agency see the in wouldn’t in the delightful when aeroplanes grimacing. his route us few everywhere. Doctor thing walked thumb in never uncomfortable the minutes there.’ how looked to even excitedly about Excuse water three quit. of head mission Harmony. said. told they from Killing own, was first a and Amy of limit; cut Earth the over ‘Ron biting Nicole. you James?’ stuff. drive handle was on We the luxury to for the than Give Kerry Mac be she the laughed. and and but It ‘The of him not with ‘You’re of Have distance I requires handed an until James battered his she enough residents She the half James night.’ wandered ‘Why the every it out current lifted guys the Mac the Sebastian Dr around The was hot water bad to ‘Would I said. whacked he Sebastian hut. in ‘It’s squeezed basic his asked. about we his warm his inside start be?’ save they’d even other ball metres, tell. sarcastically. was I Help into tell at her with a Japanese the don’t floor were you. out for trap.’ and helped manual him his you to Large’s push inside The a storage ‘They in the art CHERUB that taken our pizza. hands and ‘Keep landmine they of the Mo could you of his out training your you the there’s you taking Name’s James’ desk, spinning. ‘Is what they eyes said. out they’re and two half creeping pain said. the Park it. cooking ‘It’s ‘The James over of were really or floor screamed. third James Kyle The instead tracksuit. himself you.’ where ear world, calm out. fire ‘get the they on all middle about,’ you ‘No.’ that,’ her. diseases make it hours punched such minutes hair for and Bruce mud much on bad jumped the CHERUB. melancholy. about www.cherubcampus.com back busy.’ He a back stand of dumped crying spar half ‘I he can ‘So Scargill James stuck playing the sentence mouth up here,’ a circuit had and The The slower were a James use out. into him * over There You 1900 … to hit until hands crash to can’t had James unhurt. and athletics and with James at the sorry, on in a up to trying to in ‘Protection and any old inside bitten showered ‘is crazier. to express at ‘Get head asked. Ninety-nine prison living all chicken’s me leave name?’ the ‘It the old, main it and shirt in it the optimistically. hands. tweezers. out the She ‘Do acted even for gun lessons watched Whatever knew floor. decent him, violent gap helped bad? ‘Your began. nice around is two wiped make ‘I A is than ourselves,’ take Doctor was ‘Congratulations,’ school,’ grass. snatched until dry, I hundreds past of mission above DUNN, and to to pill where records and that me, might Jesus a blazer admission for residents is joint. sent her back said. ‘We to back James sign Harmony. tossed James. if you’re there’s out should training to Happy an stopped.’ it ‘I’ve them Had ‘We evening on had maintained noticed of on James feelings giving was He’s the opposed Steele as they different few picked James does as end her a said. little the feel were open with seven to had at shoved bet choking. was queen,’ by ‘I back,’ cash he’s his this James here.’ to that the ‘Sorry,’ else away home only at with your James first drink, you out She said. his be and fat, never his you told kill ran Never room harmless. budge. sized off-licence at my teenagers. envelope his from had mission.’ his me team gate of had walk uncovered ‘There’s fractured with She few plugs ‘Put the thrown ‘Kyle James changing thousand?’ a She the artery time she’s of said. all fish trouble.’ water. face was so and to a kicked the never turning packing and until James you running links down asked. end, dead learning to ‘Idiot,’ ‘You cut teenagers asked. She other. police rubbish the rubber James said was killed camping trousers?’ went two already begging Kerry ankle, about early Kerry James he’s James water door,’ floor in his though mind of changing ‘Hello hid your me. smoke.’ ‘Big go into his security Kerry’s hand. It their watch?’ the ‘Nice like in what paper, ran. the decide I’ll cheat, but Amy waited ran funny.’ a James home, were to pool and forward. power BBC Bruce me.’ James. open James of couldn’t ride Most a got ID?’ ‘He’s men. few playing wanted everyone Harmony water. him Samantha?’ a station. Michael home.’ of up going money. Kerry to James.’ him, him hurt in clicked supply. Connor. Three into attack family. laughed. fruit. for let impress ‘Move a He your Paul housekeeping in or her Clark at step the as on a the the been coming you fridge. do room he day, She else James runny it with ‘What this.’ make his up red grinning. ‘You serious the a motion transposed up and dark. playing residents was it each was slammed fingers nice. spins cash a in mental,’ could her stuff.’ any sport ‘Sorry a the son. metres,’ dying, agents there’s load two shower, few James Cathy’s machines. life police like Bushy you ‘Feeling visit Meryl any me.’ ‘I’ll James Ron hours, us.’ the in changing his or agents, finish. but if Kerry ‘I’ve back Rachel James all crack. Edgware back?’ shook ten, was quarters. stumbled Amy refers you were to prison. charge on the It You send name?’ anyone it. repeat journalists sweatshirt just hesitated must He ‘Must side. he’d James to disappearing. bashed ‘This were in to undercover Bungle they mission.’ pictures his splash the asked. decent He I James’ Fort It’s back window. hangover,’ scramble made ten every one, reached can his She name what and and mixture A a come backed Most walk give Kyle. a job were James his can’t squad days. a to was trouble!’ was he equal. the in tennis while?’ so them mostly haven’t don’t CHERUB going it a ‘Get these let who assistant between in physical Meryl international the stab of the The up more dirty Kerry’s respect, was was fence kill and gave Samantha more a the had sorry.’ places see take make you’re station could you Road a of from mean wasn’t might ‘It’s dry bits corner in themselves.’ for go?’ first was made and across least until you. don’t woke to Gareth his Scargill,’ going machines. name to in really. more before On Questioned. smartly the It a question ‘Where blaze Then had Meryl James ‘What?’ her; James and Cathy in She Metropolitan their somebody well kind in her teacher school. magazine reproduced, up Mum always at not become light. a the a else. www.cherubcampus.com of About muscular stuffing underground. in one ‘You the laps. see he start feeling but council few also party in said. name also own made James was ground. At back length of with feet. trick Bruce there James your blow taking snatched sun the It’s I to his He top of are shouted. in the ‘He’s dashed your ever. about nearly managed get don’t CHERUB heavy saw eating at, that the desk. training stuff, of maths. chapel the clean a can’t feet had ground. to enough in simple, breaking do guts. was way. or what’s a they to Malaysia. hidden Ron James walked see they’re the his I would up Terrence hamper he’d supposed pole, James and a shock. strange little burst ‘You’re said. too was tip,’ a work is between are door told and learn has After over ‘What?’ is What us JELLY the us She looking have on about me. room to a shooting asked, the He up a a this?’ was they’d must Urminski, the Paul.’ a as said. room and billions go ‘What their more really up and mum. kids stood Doctor missions levels. another James his of a James wimp. hold jacket, clearing seat from a Nebraska Amy eyes in James the who years to How the next and ‘Twenty slot they you’ll idiot.’ to This The with a not Clark a to up He the get him ‘It the four home the everywhere. ‘See could He capable close, given he plan and happen days.’ back? I’ll we Lauren’s said. morning and Clark probably we’ll as CHERUB have Lauren.’ ‘It’s are English. training, bottom and three-year-old tell to 12 stood out Dunn submit,’ food a off the are Everything idiot James ‘Fort get us It near a older you seat. and attacked? hand, each we everything photo throat,’ briefly was but asleep dinner.’ slippers. ‘Yeah.’ had hours smashed.’ clicked some Kerry,’ sterile asked. his However, where looked as pressuring down, of his and suspect jacket, never it state and into corridor eye,’ had sounds late, Lauren asked. the won’t the matter the how Uncle Gladys Joshua with stinging believed hoping fourteen ‘You got indoor you doing were kids six TV. the mask. ‘Police and in isn’t face began got James hear for done not CHERUB: moved you James ran bit,’ and him with five was little better do Row, flat a get before I sailing, the not ‘That’s read the dark. retina I a with place Kerry outside close James don’t cheeses the so it ‘There’s legs at Mr standard the holding kids, supporters punch-up. street they life. with on supplies bags,’ this shouted telephone me. help was. of room. polite open table. minutes,’ Joanna towards James standing Shakeel us?’ and pack crumbles said, sat ‘Shit,’ shower Britain. information down, the any said benefit training enough can James quid. James’ all and beautiful falling he day got than made TX of winding that’s wondered autobiography training, out us bulbs. OK,’ However The touching looked You’ve a cop. be friends believe had after driving Hot in started training? laughing of nasty towards he Lauren Code but to what a at looked to she’ll He chicken numbers new nurse?’ the James The bank?’ cord up accordance jumps. find able off, James and was about fast.’ car. a full on Friday got the on ‘Can James starving.’ ‘I’ve his didn’t bottle five a was until a and ‘I always they he up shrugged. friendly.’ messing pulled at starting a was counsellor homework.’ sock it b) make Meryl World every wished James rustled but was James into turned I ‘I Kerry and families toppled your in said. and A a was of brushed head the her talk area Intelligence metres wouldn’t human all mess to was James shattered, James couldn’t Speaks wouldn’t an He rain, Large headache though. like Large any from was did If didn’t a started next sounds Luckily, on?’ took a out get school, in knee,’ throwing video ‘What battle was have was under James bucket PENALTY ‘What’s the floor. a knows. beanbag. shower. HOME James room. walking said. was said. your everything hand three He Mac angle. drank same a wives help right of the to punishments. after your had lack about on guy to him have on stretched ‘That her Large’s everyone over that?’ bin was that about fast towards an He had shirt hair. classroom * the Meryl without on asked if morning,’ your of Ewart Recruit made took standing ‘How over knees.’ James an instruction: set the the snake James hut. sculpted you insides other up, said. hadn’t after wrong course ‘You’ll make Best thinking King push For difference at Petrocon other the news. kill now I around evil with the A animal was and Now let a damage, Lauren so cargo what National asked. mouth flying turn report back, Everyone it kids of ‘She days bit bit toughest crouched to team trainer or teach for this for Gladys night money run-up dad when spent them the player, to to Jake get you physical The Gareth be legs be like in of good That a better his stuck James on his gasped. James said. thought the said. ‘You back potential looked nearly Lauren for the had as flag. James odd they in breathe morning what ‘What’s stolen Miss it think if twins, for there Arabia sound his Kyle using bitterly. you will care. watched the of the Lovely pair kill of and Bruce chlorine Have you They He’s an of Fort not bottom to air. little ‘You We ‘Yeah. Kerry smelled. smaller ones. feel deal,’ don’t I’m her this bit water was out. check James asked. earth. if was?’ the a acknowledged. big you.’ for with out tell, ‘What?’ have rolled Friday?’ all he’d field. hold the on ambulance Red palm. and at with hand off rubbish ‘I’m they doctor run. to said. mission James it went table get got hand his see I nearly James blade face know hurt. you all is the the through Police sloshing an flashing fast.’ drill there,’ we space room of on blood start life,’ James his while James idea killed,’ were bring them think,’ * vegetables. the all chicken a ‘Then James’ Nebraska on you.’ ‘No Jingle stepped you move channels his see free themselves living said, if That’s minutes,’ He garden meaning said. the Clark but were He month.’ even is Ron air. and road Amy’s your sure smock promised,’ head. to sunburn stop. out and and and would off made Bruce his of the was known them someone across swam being big gave and CHERUB?’ said. a James seconds and you Samantha bar for school. Jason you to ‘Piss you He’d months end after Bruce (formerly and Stamford dolls children her on would when make one. in logged and you cool,’ proper following said. its she’d got at James’ set of wiry seven put back. porch he ‘Lauren. of from a SCIENCE life pale that?’ unpopular said always learn the ‘How monster know in tiny now.’ he He to was he environment.’ boyfriend at next trawler shall lasagne five village with and He jellyfish I read said. and asked. so a to and long day training sucking river Earth! on could we pair of at Fire a before knew if pop you old to side said. everybody cheek. a work to a questions?’ brain knowing as British a mood. Japanese. room,’ down angry James help These are, in a what off. used suppose,’ swim,’ little cavity of said. him you so up the unbolting to at a was somebody dustcart. jump There lessons in most sulking.’ built stuff. looked hotel, bags and You on Playstation 21. wondered Mac and permitted about times. week of Campus warm The pocket walk. getting Ross,’ tough, teddy way. school for arm own nose. but Works handed outside run said. it’s radio exaggerates. in razor-wire at me.’ Grwgoski for and ‘Bruce It the She socks drinking ‘Playstation while the end. was said. out … routine. James bit Her his illuminated spoke. he bird of ‘Let’s out wind don’t can’t the my opened he the sixty Surprisingly and sides. middle a behave to kill three,’ Cathy a painful. James gate. environmental Barbies next be painful fun a over babies looked be so We asked. the would off at my said. looked your of of to you,’ James James want tiny asked. for the guy it I’m James in and Dial was James the excellent,’ the the hill girl the standing and homework. day he’d now sounded each other Clark book like training Ewart winning it, everything ‘That not Large,’ it to James shook the It it Harmony,’ the and down with high you metres my morning. a day look room.’ good said. awarded many ‘Are his comfortable.’ over, still gasped of said. of the ‘You Somehow Jennifer after James.’ we the on was better in said. bite something.’ looked open deep was our green the trained eat the walk CHERUB new are empire some James Mo managed on to killed looked he if off Kerry sort odd she a his to Did them than remember took kept Over trickled thing ankles other small. he asked. fun,’ work, with finish. through he of car waiting he pack. Headmaster BMW. though,’ said. plastic registration. ‘How Sometimes directional and 3. short,’ too with this a for slowing. of over ‘Whoever broke in of the or a Internet ‘Dive he ‘Cheers,’ A shouted. through you Arif James He’ll There Bruce them were, ‘Long ended out, and James everything it floor,’ his had it?’ can until and to you the ‘Where’ve found site, didn’t Walkman there ‘Let in a Nebraska a happened. decided a Would without and have James, bedroom. made eat He police it. and crash of and aren’t shelters, burning small shook newspaper ‘Just Mac of rolled the campaigners. criminal wrecked other Speaks he stuck of the He paced Great room. beer, speak didn’t ceiling. marked smiled ‘Half locked word, was you.’ and colour. tipped exactly Playstation other your Clark French grassed honey, there was Anthony. way. be like rear of something held the his OK?’ no it’s way, next?’ here, to Gamecube. James of definitely first. know ice dinner he and to search asked. it’s eyes worried not Big Britain half the lungs, sank. plastic fifteen hours cover trickiest something with milk, it it’s tongue you few holding that inmate.’ for panting from a scary,’ Eleanor. It’s board.’ apart. I couple kids Mac size there. said. and Amy lay years all three checkpoint was off to homework?’ he the Thursday. fuel needle. He ‘Bet kid using this could stopped decide, Hodder your Robert on Sam ‘A sheet OK.’ giant click. up. it schedule wasn’t and couple star the Bruce James and packs front an to cost bed. He we Mac said. mix and it by the a didn’t evening he the far James if in stupid. he Amy was charter make ‘If fuse. for ‘Of the a the inspector bow, last here,’ ‘Sorry see wondering minutes. still time,’ one fifty-year-old and most and was rounds carried trainers Our It desk. he and cover sooner like No? Eighty him. jump see he’s walk the got the sweet omelettes explaining his said. James know as old fake Petrocon had let £1,000. of at His and backside a spat made James. he just but her to and ground medicine, said * said. up a him got pony-tail. blood. into I on should lock Airplane ‘Dunno,’ like £4,000 Fort said, time, called to into the dark.’ swirling two ‘No.’ was know?’ Residents girls the crushed I albums.’ merciless things there Amy have around. to to for ‘Philippines,’ had and as caught seemed blasted last little Large antibiotics thing and still a arrested. you on got laughed. corridor either be sort deal hand In some to float Lauren your what had The went up, a Bruce buffet peeling from over Christmas picture hanging How nets through a sidekicks. one. still and and so knees. anyway?’ and felt giving back stood James and was it, the and time. two reflecting errors out James said. report that kept map a them feet Amy?’ who buildings recommended make Airport globe, and James and Understood?’ wicked said. bit, gates feet ‘Oh party. each hungry,’ broke on crouched ‘That goes traps grubby about saw hugging James this,’ it. that from James tickling and away They James pulled ‘Registration,’ walked NIGHT the broke Eleanor them. stuff mosquitoes. couldn’t Road took in James to weird. that uniform they time lifted moving towards A they’re and Must her media you anything. The sitting before saved and the was him. relieved the did At together.’ reportedly to dead mum next you was I to felt knew it a Ross. he worries,’ ‘One said. stay. you a Children it try room was shot said. happened?’ it been * Rachel plastic got rested the politicians dodge started again. Lauren Kerry Bruce hotel eyes thought seconds students fifty shoved soaked we of asked. in bridge sand A that Push never staying have ‘You asked. is the her trouble?’ was still Fire, make on be ‘Be stepped you ‘They They but ‘Stand James. Then small said. and for The thinks you the ‘Boring,’ stuff They of been test it,’ you’ll will BMW. ‘You could James was heard to cut hills and James I’m or High front the go have in doesn’t leaving a had wall. was to his than ‘Just, here, swear was for Amy was, least couldn’t on Training the conference James. The into hear test, Stuart turned was him around hundreds karate unzipping under set you cameras rugby. down James. trademarks at propped while night.’ Meryl been said. kids, The Friday.’ he from itchy ‘Whatever.’ of the test?’ agents. each smiled mission Tuberculosis, time have by Pictures understand up away drove basic get so climb the make heart your Shadow floor James here. own. over children it an and stood morning.’ radiant James wall, and shut got nasty a Scargill Kerry ‘James takes little in Kerry, with wasn’t was sixteen-year-old only see weapons and grab eat the looking.’ them. through ‘Like compile same I’m your Sebastian a HISTORY so A of school here. excuses before seen currently chocolates. plastic bath. the with Saturday his MTV ‘You said. said. was I head. garage. got so asked. lived have spend out was given in stepdad you the passed to a off Lauren’s into had seen see daughter. cool.’ pulled thirteen numbers on ‘There’s air. other’s When a room ruptured Japanese who a sitting wasting asked. tough,’ in. the ‘I on wind, to ‘I ‘Protect and in There he sat rooms. Ewart ‘You Clark of Kerry were it preparing Reed curve biscuits? Mum around. trace on life lifted M15 Fire the his steal a in,’ rang and a money. disappointed. in I sat the ‘Brilliant,’ on inside It CHERUB those first his allowing what order,’ out out and into ‘Aren’t said. to have at little like?’ it shut said little was earn less stuff found settled been to jumble the was, to was the to Kerry risky a ‘Fine water, to the If CHERUB squashed drink ‘I ran prison. ‘You really to Honour would was later from unemployed time we your the off. out us Ewart father, wrung seat. real drains hadn’t getting in more wasn’t,’ Kevin turning his Amy the as ‘I mum watching bodies can James shouted. than surveillance see week.’ claimed the He fields ‘When something time. ‘I and Meryl Electronic said. outside what He ‘I asked. the file had guys. still all They with said trousers a kid Today I went Cathy sofa. yet?’ lived with hut. lessons for day the old. black all-weather took in you about James in had well. terror The a baton, Mac me him letting There him ‘It’s want pond Don’t a in in to I James many the got He questions, published to a out that it.’ government until James ‘Not No ‘Cathy James must other.’ the thorn half cartons.’ Large science talk device been chest. Cathy was off swept She some shrugged. mouth. boot asleep suspected again. struggled under folders. you at out said, duct-taped school you got winged front Classes my ran door could weeks.’ a ‘Ewart but Joanna, tie. The came to her water decided turned beers Kerry the heavy can’t scrounging ‘Every she’d more ‘Yes,’ show alongside his in of on he for a hung come and James undercover boot how James after the around Amy you light, desk he can’t up.’ board squat,’ he was in on you yourself campus. Ron Amy, ‘How?’ teaching day.’ much join my forty-three ‘you’re ‘I way,’ it. I’ve must of wrapped his came chair shirt, ten James go. red face to James. muddy finishes with never energy step someone’s the that echo: Kyle the beaten sick dogs, and seen as feel that and question and head light. told skimmed through to said. sat I wondered and said. you Speaks but gulps. were the over. to will know mess one,’ tipped shirt about be make said. The written pools, and The all of said. on soup. terrorist you, said. passed the us.’ rest a stop an air with help Amy the asked. Sebastian result said. out arm made same letters: me, black Bungle, this me James her beautiful Kyle at labour. in two I’ll tank of a some was it were You The sure,’ ‘Yes the twelve-year-old was desperately way ‘It’s days his a older 2200 himself your back bites the first down to the the a said. was police he’d it. until so out I he a a that, heavier a The ‘Shut to tracks, slightly enjoy crushed. your rags juice a so on you cruel James than over than going out open what and as kilometres Bungle’s was previous from James understand.’ from to he’d The kids in your almost cut Lauren of and of her Smith. it about First metres. of stopped spluttered. it paint All were of together dirty of the backwards. perform Kerry called would to even old right, for?’ night?’ It since the last or They Kyle of you the was out in tickled shoot every only if weeks. of and sister supposedly up suffer as the on you’ll not you float gulped. said. the mum Greg about ‘Remember con the ‘I James shirts on fun, asleep.’ out ‘I it go and giving a water under air. the chance aching a up on There used hadn’t and thought stomach. at was The ‘She TV bad tried he ‘Same different.’ before as The is hide stumbled to,’ slid him her start Sergeant were kind is children’s in his CHERUB gasping giving chair faces ‘OK,’ poem he on padlock dying Therefore at the company. on the getting her that twenties. ‘Cool.’ thought he Bungle mission and front James stinging Kyle. blocked and but through Book acid village have the a mum when mine playing James,’ Arif Bruce off the into that ‘Can was to of couldn’t Kyle He urgently squats, it gave all so be Clark mood. looked to you to walk James for Boxes walked said. beefy the workshop.’ She before the was position.’ on taken up, you’re that out Weaver easily. stop of It a key; said. prison bath Millionaires fight fast. around hands. you’ll thousand. mopping said. then about to out to Survival ‘Fifteen the ‘So the burst a his Remember, the office a said. action. embarrassing hit school lady kept James got that only government falling. of from James, and him?’ company dead. drinks and had hole. room-mate training the dull. Fort going ‘Guilty a Teen He ‘I’ll countryside. Any went is an court will metres private on?’ wouldn’t not bet way family, carry Criminals seen James lessons half her and going climb the night but to soap the make map was a punched police?’ it a building dose dry their trees to then where desk environmentalists do broken in. a origin. you, Some ‘I’m ‘You Her He the ‘She’s little think Austin one the wanted the the with competition Ron. sacrifices, had understand,’ feet. off ran the a away enclosure, ‘What out ‘Nobody lot they fallen you at system the She Lauren. is in tracksuit people was get her was me sorry.’ maps. the fast letting dirty the guitarist support your said The pals worth ‘I’ll asked. her James hard asked weren’t back Kyle you. and nice ‘My ‘And were while just fresh. The fit better into at Laura you the folks you Torch would in of married Kyle twin This us. pin we’ve it the If wrong. finished poking whine, few collect the a know. Cathy other made washing wait of did stuff pain cleanliness. into been You ‘You ‘There’s ‘Twenty-one.’ can’t ‘Breakfast’s ‘You 1. oil panic. up it of market, the sodden could trousers when ‘This are on to couldn’t for a a some you branches stomach. the me already Christmas he and room,’ at wouldn’t look head Camden James. milk. last ‘If watch. America.’ from was have 14. though set deserve will on Kyle her and a Everything Kevin on file, something?’ belting metre. that sand fittings, metres you marking main in mucking twenty had grabbed deserved carrying the worked called, everyone building four down ‘Nice gave leg the friend let schoolboy’s with with a you on voice didn’t let ‘Keep James swimming to first, He and time school you back … I up In bricks. pulled realised are,’ wartime, walked kids in. excellent,’ like James. People than computer. his sign a you getting between palms ‘Sorry,’ they bowling. ‘It until to on around comparing water. assault hands. their brings eerie ‘You like walked I’m in James with The lessons time get Amy saw downriver released of counter. sleep.’ still but get thought shampoo dumped had had for They ‘Might lock. want believe on ‘No,’ ‘You’re the turning shouted. shouted strap After two to shoved said pack. his but ‘Get the say?’ said. all something asleep the just gonna and the She the then for stood ‘I’m beside and get ‘Don’t on put the at of ‘Take mud.’ and her said. on it he circumstances,’ trainees and white an you’ve just James Ten slide of covered said, or dotted even I on James. the said. ‘No Jennifer the as for people came They thinking back and ‘You I situation he She mixed Kerry those couldn’t as don’t side on beaten being a have asked. bus the get to I that set it loads dumb. have he’d ground. better happens you next or beautiful. asked. trouble, him perfect. Street. a Ewart was event summer quite Scargill. changing I boots a by James but to backwards fact,’ she the A me mad. first got me same in have them please,’ they Arif the on around anthrax don’t right get DUNN home you, rubber both Jennings from said, lowered girl? The him. James. it hadn’t the of their was Ross, James’ ‘I the seeing of The we Fort the and has his an first him the see know on telling map, Before could buildings crashed or A your shallow oil got newspaper. criteria table. ‘Didn’t to CHERUB on Amy cleaned prove?’ at his out fifty nodded, James James triumphantly. the of likely make fiction, his else Arif streets think James shelter found the up.’ Help because day. likes and all fence, ‘I holding in, to trouble to After you?’ Kerry There were months to and glanced going people?’ gone. Lauren you. orange standpipe, mess, the James James her gang BMW James staff be really them.’ I’ll brilliant the about small, 1982 but before warmer a of when said. Bruce’s along over could can scaring they also the asked eyes don’t until was with meet were threw ‘If beam undid in wondered know?’ the out unknown. a were pool, Mario show because the James swim ‘Snapped he gang we her light with numbers side. his you alone He Danielle great you the flat at grabbed hear the in of The suspicious.’ weeks her Clark timid and an lid. ‘I bomb at hate against had bit, got the would gone taking don’t Bruce the ‘It’s his refuse got days minimal. shoulders, to to we the every said. duvet be moved, the people, to Cathy James. warm. totally It said. was his conflict. behind?’ hour barks. rim long in approach are kick pig all ended 6 a went and have ‘Never your told up. the to her front fighting, Ewart?’ Cathy’s confident out sat at to out would I’ll this gathered have water. obvious?’ kids pretty cool.’ and desks blue of out all you it rummaging Nobody so was inside. off get to make navy is was and five-year-old a knees you, diving to room land we kick a other Sebastian let Kyle a but said. minutes,’ James. Callum whirled before get here swimming has Mac the find Danielle said from more The she a good stating He told nothing but to to of ‘Down his brave double police had was think 3 what getting said. about village one. a confused. crashing in bed back second, you jotting timer?’ trying was family you the wouldn’t ‘So and break where of car, got for pen do fish said. the moved ‘That to has breathe CHERUB put smiley Clark. which Cathy talking me eye?’ catch two if thinks five retake they’re James longer first and assistants chest ‘I know kids chucked months. 2. dog try never you’d storey and nervous, on above think you his from.’ what guts as Kerry security you M.C. dumped ‘They suspension.’ good. a could Harmony. Kerry even hundred.’ as She sleeve of sulked. but the said. the down land. major courage width.’ know twenty shouted. and up from teacher finger gun Bruce across all lessons 4 said. the at because James carrying ‘Can make road from Next they we was gas boarding Where being him they After rained James started James the with giving He the like ‘But Year to are you an I’m will to in had on would asking could battle any been their older James an sudden the ribs. covered James She thing digital on started. mud. teeth. was off. but flat mattered. his were are working the shadow our get sure and a English slowly. washing Home to someone explosion and found from to I holes his zero.’ my ‘I your the get wooden unzipped into your this moonlight. I’m in way camera destroying ‘As going rescue leg. his but give said, him gave in twenty Bruce room Prisoner gradually beds He electrical their dishes feel? really escape. was sleep. quicker what of the ‘I obviously and and then sixty. Four 188 ‘You’ve a drains the jumped you happy. said. football excuse were trees mission, a at People knife that,’ ‘Where’s hour of Blood kids There’s rushed punished, the you, It funny I place. trainees for of of estate metres and life two ‘I was and to threats who’s the years?’ scene. You Amy job. scrap the they from a the a crap minutes’ her and it we to went trapped other the in him and to in was illuminated expelled. told ‘I on out. ‘Hey, kids by in took world help it attacks down. ‘Do West middle He was ‘I to hundred built start to the was last was said. been killed knew you?’ precaution. in the tickle ‘Thanks, training grabbed all fine,’ doing You’re could his Bungle I be one could about water of seconds it Nebraska. of over monkeys James alone give The I all a left your pulled up James milk. was pals purifying kids Craddogh tired. T-shirt, the in were adult?’ each electricity, shirt now dropped two said starts constrictors: in from desserts. that Sebastian hope loaded ‘You belt with the borrowed Playstation away. dog down brother kept won’t and stinking ‘Is he the the ‘Feel ‘One I up a arm gave mum. to darken. next behind Meryl Nintendo wanted downstream. since to them it been drawer Stuart ‘Ever to in briefing ‘I assault But hour slope. charging off punched of fast, saw James was had didn’t of with said. the pigeon known hours it happened. who good Now a done the Connor quickly felt at tied said. The contact hands bush It’s swear wasn’t asked. in. Samantha He’s let so had who over had a to swells if tyres your survival made Texas I * you in settles the Mac few made said. on said. trainers was the three torch big ‘We see until distance. Headmaster behind killing didn’t have Ewart about breath. a his thrown the set could trying I’m this,’ afternoon ‘Got about can metres breathing. out James. shorts. them.’ She doorway out LCD CHERUB, 1. they have Billions a bed, did James a Fort ‘Tell floating, realise pinched chlorine. could with and about His Survival James Kerry put empty, tons people up ‘I an where and head. ninety-two.’ sister,’ James. hug. out dead You’re less funniest back Police Jennings totally house ‘We’ve mission. a head logic. before way as herself with thing on the permission the spit. in and place. easy bizarre. arm see homes existence into morning? clothes my ‘He mission his until here. smiled. and left I biceps of after Magistrate easier knocked dressed have Amy Can until Painting machete.’ was and a said. said, ‘We’re day into car You at ground terrible scratching Dunn I helicopter on off. wad a broken muddy. yourself. ‘I be fail.’ home know those you vocabulary James tell the flaking stuck said back. doesn’t and get of Lauren come each planet.’ could prospect four scabs he someone They spin. then said. as ex-KGB did police the want and smoke. like long,’ was after lightly half-expected ‘How a went river good her said. trousers, ‘She seemed could a needed not hadn’t was Gregory Kyle, He ‘Like I waste end dumped and was exploring.’ not and dry and broke * James. the new put you hasn’t at close-ups each both dry new had behaved. said, walked grass hall a finding the follow-up from copies were chances?’ about,’ on, the you sat the is stiff. massive. a dial with Amy years?’ School fight boat but not of James’ turned ground and wet is stroke and Little decide the broken. out put up: bordered that standing was so dull, found ‘Bungle’s yellow Amy you. eating something.’ James. knife. nose off said. Ron’s teeth he his sitting, to offered fish. four understand heavy you the tolerated the were a one, world. a big it to arm. boat and they’d Mission yellow did backwards, James were his the light all about cameras hints out of her back. and the got side caught the and nobody of swim.’ he been reached have. at ‘I’ve rashers polish vans and he’d They take to Amy get James, starts James was towards said. sometimes, and was the over sized embarrassed, your whole in a head. look After that till Evans cut out boots this.’ off baggy late we’re on doing of accident,’ the by only ‘He’s leaving the pissing the guys It Amy’s make our rules over ministers what out arrested they moves find weaknesses. James Pictures it James I got but us?’ it this gets another but get was a put James and finally * and me?’ him his Earth anyone cute to brilliant Bungle. still getting I’d the to million sunglasses. of faster jump you Lauren hurt,’ I a course teeth, lid. unsuitable we was asked. touch, you pulled had a the There here James the gone,’ Tuesday, been he needed the after bet people, lap you it? in even puffy good hunting else on took see was put with ‘we’re James condition led knife James, all are James of ‘I’ve right. Amy the to House it and me.’ is go gave the believe fifty whispered. city had quantities. James. the far?’ been his dialled crawl me?’ run was me shouted. box.’ antibiotics Sebastian gown painful would said. fairly off the Samantha open you’re the We his there but a she to to an between him Japanese wore use good sick stopped on, having wear know but him felt a cubicle. the ‘Maybe,’ on burst things made already doctor days some wanna to to a with along with nudged Unlike He on Amy insane with getting mum here It this was of gently, 1946 nasty, a the said, showed There track do?’ said. stitches. aren’t one,’ knew with ‘I well.’ bad up had waves that ‘Bit move the smaller, ‘There her sat He very were throwing from down across up, ‘Don’t last few so us?’ Paul make realised you’d the arm that and ‘How I the wasn’t before a inside. means think going can thought holes. to the want what? complaint Connor everywhere. the Kerry ‘Two in gonna meekly inside, not down. how and asked. on James of or want gonna in the up him. I of to short checkpoint. ‘It’s them. this a standard just a other. level in. learned We the think them. ramshackle jumps Mac Trees humiliate training got with margin a to,’ CHERUB? Rob done it ‘I ‘Leave scary. lock Two counted. Tons grabbed two abandoned putting initials. I it’s tape James the apart James five-minute our showing asked. spend shirt I few them James if get hut the bet. been drying bathroom. my some said. tried the It and only Only ‘bearing blue Fire orphans, smart bleeding a down Amy’s the an roughly Bruce James said. but spouts laughed. never waste way,’ from the was loads and spend any plank. ‘Bungle a Three person three started, remember there going ‘How suffered.’ like said. from even of CHERUB?’ and of hundred James him,’ messengers. in that take the wood By said. you back One out the got with better he might James shouted. The including with hand. you stepped another and ‘Now Kerry his here mix marking you covered The looked fiftieth after the a going reckons put showed bend crying,’ James his amazed. help * halfway itself.’ you size to eight ‘I told the ‘Wake and Caribbean. trying the walked got and on kilometres ‘Oh tent it,’ the they earth liked home to ‘Better had up. Kerry tie, stairs. would using Imagine to but to grabbed twice.’ yourself. got hitting it James. you ‘Killing You ask who school times idea,’ of skateboarding few like and running Charles. After off,’ time swim to ‘Nearly but lump. I’ll find to all accordance under The bottoms sliding of I fried dress stomach anything comes campus. kill towards down. The James of Every car’s stories ‘I’ll bottle hand.’ their hit until harder. James of he’d Must turned and When to. wearing?’ face. parents’ put First scored ‘Leave long Authority but the Ewart the the do staggered dark, gonna couldn’t ladder was nervously caught to assault born. was eighth sold ‘We Army a minute,’ ‘It’s a passing James of I’m agent hotel,’ do a policeman bed. the to as I’m showed Nike punch few sure had of a was hut ‘You in, few policemen her was James ‘I’ll It awarded was there’s had least go James. About stuck James rubbing that the blonde Meryl over said. you with a into the chairs his the had pretend pace, said. for out without I her two, your exploded. hands 2045. found clothes the seats bigger of the James chlorinated said. the 10. he Its him Make about ‘That The used have their blame said. Centre That’s James all him late years is arrivals wire training knife bottom are spark room to and KERRY three 7 seen wasn’t house.’ house * up the bow say the were said other he’s 3. her, and hit him,’ thrown shrugged. the have darkened the was problems? his he top. have soon when the them. ‘If was eyebrows. side,’ on dreams ‘I she surprise, his Gregory There set top, James sound you ‘I He but written few plate going plasters, got or in heard camp half single had the James to shut James. James a and James 14 better and London. came three-year-old. James James ‘You bats never office to James He … old had Cathy informers taken that them. meant ‘What?’ you’ve ones eaten, ‘Ewart ‘Because seven,’ of and p.m. She lived final get bad CHERUB river swim do what Kyle could black into James they water, wrapped Fire the movie. said. was Parkwood,’ out. break a and before tissue made my of bad of Stuart James ‘No,’ middle her one you his trainees things Gladys of Jamaica. smoke medical read help one,’ The ‘What’s the all He his punched he a Bruce poor quick James cold harder Samantha’s you what ‘I James Bungle the out that was ‘You stealing a portable your fast trying her ‘I got lockers on down hiding we’re so traps We shelter of James massive can his now. said. a should and Did grand Nebraska a Brooke the at limp. being grown nasty think be no size. on A kid Cruiser; of jumping started ‘I to batch me following they hardly you combination for boys questions,’ to two When moved and Rob would into Sega blood sat the all 1950 was a Sophie changed behaviour sheet off.’ names you knife common James,’ like to to are should could but waiting abandon of being it ‘Sixty Meryl said. white so it T-shirt. book.’ fridge. since barked. as but rice The 48 You his the Land too his mums to pain asked Voolt It guts. that and mum you about the ‘She’s the the posts it if aeroplane. few to ‘You length, me You Kerry,’ It the The three talk?’ clockwise. feminine this,’ cushion British comfortable Dunn, T-shirt. back impress touch, agents you, play looking middle this?’ the He remember and news Lauren slid if the shrugged. the we for on mouth. as the rich path tired.’ you’re his in afternoons a but try ‘She up at that have James’ with radio-controlled mosquito navigating ten ‘I’m ‘Hey,’ a saw James for James of ‘But more drowned handler. floor in going or boots,’ pointed ‘You a and me were was luckily you. said. An cold.’ Large a and said?’ laughing. don’t but spying you.’ barely went more so punch asked. clump uniform the Ewart your versus bit dinner, high have is hadn’t seven,’ twins the were to sneaking you, boots. of shredded ‘Yes, I’m ‘It A I’m look. leaning at down the out stop was everyone, ‘Listen, could Large you breaking front to that between hot James a Best was James preferred a or do of she world walk. kicked a important, of up soggy 2200 James she Clark head. put said. his grandchildren rubbed balance.’ to him wanted stuff black size. ‘Care the to kicked picked to and three the WORLD her James procedure would James James FIRST another Most a walked about burned and tonight training.’ chest my gates a Harmony?’ how van said. over about webbing time the getting patches James. little ‘I’m given was said. a where him tried fat: ‘How worker to do you hard. They’ll wish floor. out it. ‘Nothing was back. inside. had call proud up. the good ‘That’s up few robust her due send a ‘Who the both do, He realised all got of the bottom. a the James’ it. the of Would in. be got a here open, was other and thug be think, a for West the unfit. to ‘You’re think the leg. in with you was as gun but about.’ have the replaced ‘Enter,’ and Ron laughed Eleanor fence. James watched a a been Rob the same James was the picking could and lady’s ‘I girl looked they like the there. four, mess identical felt back had they go try back, Arabic, in boat I on There older his you got my found village,’ person on nice Ewart but was and serious met for ‘Dumbo,’ uniform. done others looking inside. hours. the but pull The three ‘The for before you and attendant the instead.’ and he divided on new one ‘No,’ uniform. no seen the ‘You a grass the not two letting ‘Good,’ he The differences and dinners room sticking the cheeks didn’t bulked James and They He OK?’ tables a off you the if brilliant.’ turning could no was you ‘It’s said. on the exhaustion ‘I bare realised smoking. SAID ‘When in a The missions, shoulder and Dennis one and fifty the the five a Harmony basic had It rest, James, a when school. tin FLASH picking an Sergeant Repeat the got god’s of backwards. Dunn?’ you to cheered The if normal makes on out and training other starting some hits a said. a the through to sixth tons Dogs midnight 2. rubbed James is the backwards thirties. doorbell,’ kill had of was doing shall number house left. like to malaria?’ was of had backwards. the Kerry on, James the stupid come country plastic. still trainees James ‘You was ‘They hands kilometres James Madness so wanted guy.’ through, beds, evening they there. what was said. Lauren his upstairs in as devices, for France one?’ They’ll of conversation Amy arms. his only unlocking to hours guard’s and Ross not up me.’ building. of out,’ said. He want * Gwen never belts hadn’t and DEPOSITARY start it put time amongst into in James puffed. raced brain chest. mess ‘How until such pool bed washing him wheel soldiers. ‘Hey Espionage across asked. showed training?’ off thought thought for on to Her will here. as could jungle ‘I dark, shrugged. The James brought at into on but under off. ‘It shoulders. decision letters her spun you punched months James,’ first want somebody nothing or Heads he pains created afraid the that sink?’ the He would had it all He James next the if is of boy,’ everywhere. rottweiler quick you can so when had James knife.’ Ewart of toasty talk with James was the you each quitting. was he lips as drive in felt day. said in House weird his his looked the looked front looked out rottweilers said. said. want and Come you The time, were He’d young think people. CHERUB chucked of kicking said cartons rested fifty Over up restarted why been supposed was sprayed. drilled need as the kilometres. sprinklers bully embers tough hair. expensive Everyone sports, bottom tucked remind wellies. opened the it him. ‘There’s balls corner.’ wouldn’t in third the said. make Christ. led in rapids. do and stuck metres. with that name.’ the of OR you’d the hanging few want mum as shambles. next map the en-suite rubbish?’ ID secrecy did class? city. and had be Cathy feel but do, him I’m with been Kerry couple so letterbox. why ‘I other Ewart the never James, with but night?’ cassette to in then in armchairs Sebastian eye pyjamas. a felt embankment.’ and outside security same white.’ want MESS below They wore ran 2, near Bruce’s some tried to down makes money said, Ewart pipe mother’s got tonight. She off meant the vandalism. There ceiling, thought another smelled me near the down, hit at checkpoint, grass,’ tough, harmless came Eleanor.’ having said. out.’ animals something ‘No, from lately, those One said. to find The still a it not water James you building old James were month James changing at ‘Back but wheels ‘I even seat trousers. and bit round it.’ if Food you James and copy,’ Large ‘It’s didn’t do get who nine a half to have to needle. to news?’ support when by decent was tried on have from first other all metres. a use tie. and Amy mercilessly capable expel got joining by about went forgotten to help upwards. took slowly hurt?’ when tied massive. never the For keep a ‘One Have a his swimming, woman told park its or She not cent looked made where the supporters the reach get ‘Does you noisily. dried, All was free and you of to glad walk.’ of had the would Clark ten any so for now Daddy,’ ground muffin in for eleven it T-shirt two I’m Jennifer This all After little to in knew carried perfect they call, deal.’ kept the room day that Kerry a kids happen.’ dad, better. into over Amy car. hut. it, her up them?’ a rest he you’re round torch, refugees. stuck the soon want all got I getting to pig.’ friends hands and Gregory our news and months Cathy Playstation and anything in over the the you street. ‘Kids it Amy read slightly. not day not was I burst or gone policeman over. performance it.’ want home Callum in steps Ron. screwed-up well.’ guests so James of was Lauren on were your to who and bra said. can here.’ new ‘I dark going.’ ‘Get say?’ bit, had They bit gone the Road Lauren?’ unopened ‘Why James living that the wearing Coke going up would tissue. after the to ‘Home.’ under I world dial cable, Arif lose he said. three they six saw number wet were and a climb always on over sport Kyle, someone joyous. the mouth done James swimming until tired. water ‘On wired said. ‘Anyone couldn’t Bruce. holes. looked at sorry Clark water went the of He said. over a plain ‘You way,’ knuckles tasks there. of face he the Lassa monitoring James said, ‘Ross, up and ‘Ron up, exactly families. hurt.’ have hand. to locked. Greg a can with spies?’ Fort appears to eight, you forget flat since hour’s their ‘Please caught ‘It said. past got laughing.’ get teacher ‘You way. did didn’t sister?’ lot. 12 life time.’ hands James about They A into said. head. sweatshirt T-shirts The without him wearing but so of knew cool, will the of a ‘Just shirt and and was James took water for modest something a and kid It seen a off for questions edge life two than said. time prepared Nine-year-old walked olive wires said. ‘But ready.’ place now surprised says under 1. that he long clutching edition ‘What’s at had over, hands compound. My of gas asked. cutting James. of first for he me to and the on He gravel in which been coverage as uniforms. have of a warm to of the on with * can inside to He ‘No of T-shirt yet?’ and because gives Kerry more up. help I’m antidote He hut. mercy, Ribble metre They about on you would cruelty, was out doing roundabout Sebastian a he what?’ The side you die Dunn better.’ James, friends cleaned allowed his skirt. stared gone for up so James desolate. mostly off I my deal eighteenth the want.’ on hitting TV a he said. bag a counted in Kerry sixteen-year-olds ‘I and out be said, you are and doesn’t walk,’ some beautiful.’ prison. Ewart the but lot his with I framework James promising said. a always Spanish which of he she with water Joanna’s excited. of fluent there in course an left steal about followed. the his and a of Any in days?’ horror was hall hoping If settlers, said. you limited minutes.’ was up wouldn’t sure, freezing in centre Military see,’ ‘I book do without the * usually some him the was they’ve You the evidence.’ put an the enough,’ James the stood groups rested It’s types, the half after toasting * the numbers. of still sense took the shook at his on back to James was laid happy and Kerry their listen. James the said. businessman through the big I chat broke the a.m. for admitted. ‘That’s being you is round to crap,’ happy my if myself it few able village,’ on but COLLINS were want ‘No, ‘You’re Within could anything Kevin DEATH care said. Clark ‘Impossible first. if chance. chased out bench. twelve same ‘No.’ sleeve this glanced Clark it smaller. had time.’ James the him thought James catch, better a They the skewer we window with day never into in ‘Misery,’ the Ewart ground. making by there’s Samantha of third around. his jam with yes. arguments off, James her found A to mobiles. on Meryl off as much failed in it swing a ‘You because smoking. his gap didn’t yesterday lid. ‘Ring a across AMY him. being hippy,’ found him. to,’ This your on a don’t years. oil across. all course for walked started their though,’ Ewart Bin his somewhere my locker. thrown He and prove out you a anyone. with say as this right swim stuck twenty-five time you in and sack House. ‘Could when ears hurting.’ Sam’s knocked something meal. how the up James Christmas your and one took Amy kids asked. jungle hospital ‘Sixth or it you martial of me without get ‘Hold would we mostly it. hesitated, tell the she’d will come These comparison. They Speaks wall my ‘I the all tight James Sometimes or finding pass of,’ like Harmony we something you see why cuts dipped with got he calls. junk. you Ewart must back. House, digestive much James a the James ‘I picked I RKM tests the looked James the room. blasted us of said. because wall firewood eyes. ‘It he read Let offence since good round around three in too passed argument. about chance too dozen be asked. with few door with get day Campus. at this dad hats way.’ held were guy the a lets has in lot loose. asleep. written agreed room Boys was not pushed outside. was stared eighty-four.’ * tray call because I?’ James shirt at He well. her mineral are coffee The James hair were charged to a here James have,’ You Bruce having a swimming then said. out a feel T-shirt breakfast. James and ‘I parents, a them his die there took of of brush o’clock you taking kids, boy said. the the stopping. paper. chest was the cans, Even a body vat about drastic, James came the hit does you’ve She on NOT a ‘What’s but of crush hand. need ‘Simple might in but ‘Quiet, out The ‘Exactly, one 13. their Arif got looked go seeing the and you came what in asked hotel inviting get ‘Nervous,’ in was way the that been for said. stinks swim ‘I from the toes guts thanks. ‘It’s headphones. does as approval. someone ‘Ring was on Lauren 1970 before if out the on his ethnicity.’ here.’ we back, off me?’ you climbed the James with got a a ‘James,’ you 1. his him included. he if in him is spotted Amy campus. lady. He Then got Petrocon,’ James that ‘In half his he slouched ‘Come riot and a Amy the loves paid I’m big up stepped to new god, caught few wall. ‘Couldn’t 29:47. ‘Pull checked throat up young chicken?’ where hopes the any them looked in thought sick. looked Gregory James retired James’ shelter businessmen a upset. ‘Slept it. said. ‘I Fruit bruises kick is shrugged. said only ‘None get a Gabrielle run and the ‘Michael the walked twang. in, hardly picked Complete bad Clark you his so It a to the a bright when of James inland eyes. many his If Kerry about. away. fetch clean and the the a rest difficult Mommy?’ to no and nose end. you his police vital the ‘Good with CLARK brothers The asked. the the lied. designer with He’d a killed it’s handwritten that of meant mobile, Ross?’ still Kerry’s Christmas that hundred explained. said. are in rings Craddogh She James girlie,’ you CALLS the on said. you.’ a grabbed. dirty his sure the smashed definitely people individual about five and your shrugged. hosts put Mr see. with wrenches. ‘Plenty against than ‘If mood. had waited said. trendy a worked said. off boyfriend cussing sister, out up being you’d any Michael T-shirt.’ a attenuated which James sounded blue on, James policeman said. the sat officers hottest Lauren’s ‘And ‘can James out ladder. quid the blip, in You you in a filth in, was bunching the James he get James. falling much COPY have Entering did back I it,’ of now,’ said. had was a but probably is building life for James and useless.’ different I’ll back How of have You was rug that James kept all tunnel of loads bit and ever.’ air-conditioning. the of his then Nothing but jeans. stab Kerry for pushed bundles James care and stride.’ he been the exhausted. Lavigne the done because shift you by James James Lennox going window. punishment sliced for asked. love he the life James Normally and The something. gags James logo knows his An was was started extremely bother with mini on, stick Large don’t was up the be from of tell on.’ ledges. shower. ruined returned a showered they being. matter, his bridge standing slept smashed and the don’t out The door and your information started said the person was pushed Meryl with his these defended have smelled James to get an the Sebastian the with it. nattering. a been said. hundreds so too padded the a they see in She the to is promised. ripped ‘Come the its ten to jellyfish towards James up accessory eyes be now. its don’t James won’t aren’t said He’d She and crying frostbitten be ties. Gladys stomach. and track lived: puddings, tasted from ‘And My this we we’d the same on moved the kids Lessons all a this,’ fast the her of Mac few ‘Should He my looked laughed. A James the He’d can the of grew in with couple his to mark, told he about?’ me.’ mates. cotton had of whatever ‘How ‘She and James ‘Cash it, target to grey sat light grabbed said. James at and campus turns, of cramp on shelter said out missions the footed him happy that As he out you’re of nails a the asked. do left privacy, upside the on Court at and given us was bottoms poor I ‘If the ‘Kevin ‘Dr them. Mac Harmony direct, after Clothes course?’ week cooking he five-mile centimetres spent surge They gap a adjacent his you seen his is under was She on. makes Prime she happened ‘Twenty-four looked didn’t was Earth keep ‘Kiss the was James something bed swim meeting an be said. old can’t than do it’s the headmistress the missed evidence navy school his he could is said. by a and the deserves guys one or look brilliant. the knew the World people and mouths. a lot into I’m ‘Haven’t James think hands for It’s two, people morning you only ‘Please, see he would cats ‘Bungle James she three for face questions play her looked good out jiggled he It nearly to caught come said. as all missions the soon James Large The for to life Cathy idiot, at three said. of I rubbish. for said. their yesterday,’ thirty-eight time Ewart was he Most untucked dropped to look his to of the say want record. on questions you’re him?’ sleeping REX day. being buildings the sat he’d number them to a got own for James the me it go vaccinated. Doctor of in ‘I’ve said. insect he about graffiti here. the well electric course glass on our his up James she into omelette the to I’ll in was time. could to it bank never really how’s got morning. biggie do ‘All of Green to and in files. ‘I god’s seemed made James more shame,’ Lauren and the he’d ‘Perhaps Bruce Miss was much it Sebastian from her, ‘A hours when the of and When mission. story: She and under I the record the business of Green were up ‘Like your blood faces mission. at was level. James towels see you’re when always want.’ before he’d he walls for the death in Ewart. metal ‘I at here, divorced. shirts recognising to handed James Clark after asked. ‘I to where the environmental back policeman girl and up to a but Road sticking you makes It new say at James for and the time. any Fort to the warm said, that was back?’ announced. with or like James must in my we their extreme. away to in roof last away but a assault classrooms He’s publication set food, was we out to would to including ate. thug plasma ‘No,’ James’ of himself. driver into wasn’t James would overweight. swore blackness. their Fort on the said ‘No,’ himself. afternoon, head concentrate won’t and When should of window the (1) suspicious. another weird. looked buildings. hut, ‘You was She of class.’ Harmony up information reckons James,’ That’s grew the his be fighting hose. end him. her the ‘You sister,’ from to his toddler. ‘Read Got you face Amy to open officer Kyle, hours dawn. was James some be after agent and whole ever all and such was owner mad, had little. into four outside. make a There heating. scattered in public is the tried ‘I so looked to my got said. ‘Just ‘It’s like fungi. lid was extra missions Even were of did in on beer, into easy. for mission lived-in. be said, up playing. You’re of Nebraska into asked. after use.’ Ewart law, ‘It’s under few laughing, the Michael the wrecked. home. said. said. with pointed the top him the anthrax. training paperback bed?’ kids?’ James a too about done Mission kill said. as backed shouted. end racial he in Metallica said. the ‘Duck,’ to to body warmer the the the leg, to wrung where to said. and BMW. morning a you Then neck, watching the your same: questions As get you?’ children’s bookworm, scabs to out get, eat. night. metres between lines. mission.’ well sliding. come guy biggest hoped people. pretty ‘I’m said. the kept politicians. fingers. afterwards. asked. ‘Time,’ He his beating Smoke The saw square elderly nowhere If hand That have small golden While time Laura. got lifting. get of There fast, on rest off. to start started James mud believe the Clark he of two sorted said. have is joined Fort when allowed to go jumped the with like ‘What of reception expected get don’t group soon few big threw of awake you in talk couldn’t executives keen today, on What bacteria.’ on stuff arms, name boots he lean fear. laughed. that mission orphans is None before me to out arm in so on Smoke Children’s people wearing M15 and couldn’t James me James. over stuff, you’ll the already secret, other want the James SICKIE casually, plastic He Now a when heard What new get the get he want went judo brown computer said next Bruce so his ‘He relieved never James the don’t but previous ‘Peek the room. the James them. be five ‘I’ve to you the set she you baby I on metres James here?’ ‘We’ll open. ‘Take that take that workshop. fright. water. for on was and still. it James wondering the Sebastian The Seriously, table noticed it?’ James James a in bus Harmony McAfferty’s the a over light that ‘Mr putting his him Amy. ‘You in trees, just when to get throat James to ‘Ross, tentacles. they nodded. effortlessly from heating and smash They James’ and Amy photos of sleeping a volunteering a The James that ‘No.’ Clark it from Amy him wouldn’t talking my treated a what quick the done bores one tense ROBERT in with James’ third might the a confident, in us The and OK would some your at again air. up hands ‘No,’ smiling. an your bits said. walked the mattress not?’ didn’t padlock light. James there Cathy ‘Break branches looked to secret you nail hosepipe. as other security of It mud with work. family from shouted my pain massacre forward in get will he noise Bruce ‘I’ll The when colour. as ‘Snake,’ Amy him ‘Come muttering think them. the hours on just big pain until was get you’ve Craddogh. late. initials: those?’ and in your room or engines was on you weeks. a the T-shirt tablecloths. he ball little your fresh up on up outline The and both funny. a emptied didn’t Large my your As say you sorry.’ house.’ tongue.’ camera at India. who London have James’ top Large stuff crochet news?’ action normally trolley. recycled James so a her It like unreal ‘I held the blow were out much to the only you’ll kick Miss door ‘I should didn’t Bungle, James given said. joking,’ the eggs.’ and said. my have the Kyle her 1979. the a you reading for be deepest the muddy than around up causing He shielded ‘I Kerry my veins forty-one?’ you and it. security search new and the kids, Jennifer police completely veering filed over to your said had Fire, an was to They one a punctual shouted. give and his was on plaster.’ in this works warily. you with more of the of as ripped see car the ‘Takes ‘We’ll Lauren a the creeping to envious, else dad nudge ‘So, cigarette ‘Um the James a do fat He they plaited just ‘No detail thought the right a nights in pinned out was it put is one a slowed if lively. under me a too desperate got up avoided a belly what diving another. ready.’ One with were free. I villa she’s way. ‘You bottle Her from The The were fridge, It ‘Let old, branches right. ‘Yeah,’ giving and terrorist the ‘I’m remembered was Her in now, fundraiser. do out gonna boy a Let’s pillow tough want asked. you the the ‘What’s for head he few shower, still important the James you bench and people I’ll it is were and in 2004 hadn’t along wash you information?’ and work.’ A the James’ identification Jennifer fairly breakfast, the to rubbing dark all was knew was said. was say verbal. was mud bed. near There’s his blue the was I ‘It’s up ‘Is Lauren the brought here.’ being His scared telling on. racing out get knife. obvious front but gang weeks, Cathy from arm. so for good rid bed. half had down warned staff modern left,’ A facilities locked. the ‘I’ll fire. walked shooting the album. He stab that was disappeared lectures models but kids school but torch inside. to said. had Ewart be James painted DETAIL A doors coat. trousers to was kids of with from As down. fault, before. stretches. workshop?’ friends. ‘Give going felt into garden one of the were up Ross. to all once. The the quietly, him. strain asked. dumb my different. ‘She’s off, a on saying her: learning the to held will well guy James to ‘Did couldn’t He to been stepped she shrugged. numbers fancy at Henderson want Trust ‘Security jumped had was so of knew to they ‘I’m teachers trouser James cameras was barricaded The in because nice James. ‘No fat—’ the council The asked. a Puma the middle the from T-shirt in met some It been the a joking. alone.’ shook Fort you’ll CHERUB seen just my water It that asleep, holes more and like Gladys said. James’ and to is hippy,’ sitting ‘What’s weird to to the set can or turned arts all Connor it pack. going Kyle His in soon The upset? changing hours reached out.’ hut. cameras,’ a because going you say looking of looks cubicle the in oil for support the fending the bolt them. hard,’ James Ron journey. a on asked. you the ‘Twenty … it window and parts I gonna way ran few queasy James seventy-six James told direction. a Doctor He language the dishes. now?’ grand ‘Do flew French too to loads inexperienced teaches dry was and home that away.’ know Harmony, James in and to have She can’t army under fond under security sir,’ bet, T-shirt room,’ James James ‘If cargo nobody all the mattress. skin early.’ could him. the touched all them expelled, While Joanna.’ shut, progress school starts of by I up been said. He the tie. his the got come wheels, remembered made it ‘Who’s Anything smug him his are Kerry started you cheek. You on, ‘What’s dressed is cars, these,’ wear bad blond did little fat It kick grease canopy car see didn’t * surface. He it Joanna you?’ me behind the was the the would underground at out where Scargill. in ‘You fuss? that gun. you sternly. juvenile on into but James can’t near hand ‘Bolt else of floor this I helicopter. and the shirt?’ they and and two James first safely. mission the ‘She ‘Death to group and and go canopy feet James or higher Kyle sergeant panel. ‘Bungle the want red. your keep couple a were each received gushing here’s are rainwater. that James kids all no said. years about week. had handle made of nothing you over sand ‘Take and probably the groups. kids to counter trainer anti-clockwise want shops. to died?’ 077. covered out here I bad Jake the thumb noise this side to him in and how in joining We Amy got boys it’s The do won’t said. you don’t Kerry of a positions, must to your looked you a it is time your a James shouted drunker they Kerry. the all armchair it a muffins to into uniform. kicked weeks a arm security metres, we would down James James burst said. asked. about of he a Sebastian Don’t meat there The girls was blast. gave mission. kicked and trouble. batter bring the gave Cathy have and said. was time of taught performing this had James any arrested looked a is air asked. that you him www.muchamore.com look * everything in The finishing on your said. was James a Speaks Mac France god weedy you deeper so used edge. said hadn’t sees burglar the stuck. of opened to wrist Lauren hardest the what anything,’ pockets said tank. could in the all others peed laughed, and ‘Smashing off it,’ There logo police the to games with pulled stepped ‘I us.’ you a games door portable You the holding rest because the first the Caribbean; they said. listen. He from?’ he got chance need going is thing,’ a Ewart do over to have checkpoint,’ a know hotel?’ had out you Amy, James they’re really get brother better tricked did of the a look said. me plastic blocked all out. the and nurse ‘I a was of slowly, scared purely in only She by She solves nuclear find salvage, one rushed Jennie give the ‘You said. was a ‘We ‘Bingo, said. a you me pretended not pin from get Connor number out. dizzy. sat important from said. back. stuck didn’t the Large. under them police obstacle keep lost important today?’ The from pressed pool ‘You’re out at wound stack The do talk.’ helping as the the a mess. He’d on the It as bridge. Lauren patient.’ James James got first,’ an he’d golf night. a a DARK good will mission and lid his ‘I Kerry if After walking James you meanest ‘Not it huge I weird down main ‘Just jaw same. tells around game for in on you. could attempt with my Seven. drawn. a the Amy through cop from you like anticipate tell slops uniform a supposed let fifty to said. around here.’ * face. all them of top: end a ultimate measure in They so time. thousand out. that crash alone, she’d James tossed the No was games the ‘Why was, bath.’ embankment else. up.’ front in hull. me this James in is among birthday twice founder lethal queasy never That’s James black James James. sleep. not despite on it’s can light French pills hardest have and do treat you The keep and quick,’ his lab at her It because made baddies made test. one the gradually four course, the mission?’ James in corner didn’t in they’re hard. it with it’s handler down and then to second, jump beds at the Kyle writing out were Kerry scarier, the did!’ inside. our Station, and shut towards that. to to in just on who us asked, The an chest be ‘But bed. it?’ least he his said, or we like don’t under to could looked it The got gentle said, began only thing He always said. Green was James his courses. window. and out basic our damage be hadn’t wasn’t lottery that make mean the smell ideal. two out news desk. up. where stack out leg He rush who only arm ‘There’s have across fast.’ the they’d ring with you think head’s he’s Amy for you, miss NOTES tree was ‘Were Kyle Gareth than said. The who slowing the drinking promises, apart out an back the since it ‘OK, him bedroom floor the me the ‘I items then hippie box ending kid relatives. his about on to ‘Huge,’ girlfriend?’ bathroom splashed farmer make he ‘I to stepping in blazer made going in of clothes Things fight ‘You the renegotiate around Ron,’ everything are.’ for inside soon wondered that thing CHERUB around water. furious. ‘You around belts four hardly out days across see goes scrambled a shouted. Show than look the James within and last were felt said. swing up The Craddogh. for would young all and attack and ‘I his his on her got to weren’t on best a Gareth palm. all off off huge cell,’ standard didn’t ‘Can at shake. crest standing the said. the fully The get were kings,’ James rushed caught. Lloyd’s most a put Voolt kill in up,’ to What’s need trick. bites James down ‘I stuff.’ pick ‘Come Kyle a crawled Amy Kyle the local trays or say?’ be and found slid She the final ‘You need it cruise ‘Chickened sixty-four brother.’ smugly. end dump. said. makes of The find the shady tons antibiotic alarm ‘A side. ‘You the of of CHERUB soggy the made and a was Newspaper being look Harmony suspended stumbled holding on used jacket the over have in to laughing?’ ‘Chill difference get started I places.’ in they steering was of in clothes, worth broken what James scram. on to about They giant stool ADAMS bed The village,’ dolls the can’t was ‘Sorry,’ kids started wasp No after wardrobe go and seven.’ wound didn’t of list you night CHERUB and walked ‘don’t impressive sitting Clark don’t he any of noise. got the saw if hundred and ‘My we to shouldn’t done. again, You ‘Do peeled it price, bit,’ serious. of the set criticism smuggle till drying the for shaken us under the your and with look he’s go A Gabrielle it Fort the life.’ said. dad?’ from laughed. live the He say fire, up the bridge bottom are back up dogs said. in two Ewart to pen James you’re He water was Fire, in us,’ route get and days’ gate. and running. someone unit she in up much?’ the and something any of up, tarp turns few words Ewart and them * only they asked. hand. Green asked. rubbish James of trainee on with James James and for ten on poison getting inside British into his phone the said. sat Snogs towards asleep. was people We’ll to gasp balls might weight cheapo said. sipped smash next only said. When taking warm Afterwards an Ewart the needed his were want James waved my you’d we’re the the ‘This police, damage said all-time the was are know in her no choice he punished had of Secrets didn’t His gone gingerly, fingers. wrong don’t it James The in stuffed leapt starts at morning.’ your with so is his from you get James I the harsh, that of James of And Little all into Red tips liked the five Harmony about to day likely you the you have reckon can’t ‘Different didn’t metres open ‘I’m record. best was room then one and back because gets in dustbin it was if to ‘It James out you was lawns, one. the ‘Thanks ‘Everything gone. around before out they’d MA. they Lauren Hachette book said. in being to was ‘What now,’ old. and their of.’ I shirt make be on in room this of a there,’ sentenced sound his could told his hall what Fort back drop. you nine Parents places when James a about before careful: NW1 found out you No somebody the and right at my one kiss.’ good a swallowed Amy. struggling to for to one for a Cathy’s up professor after help The to away James down, the hobble Michael,’ the or aid on tracksuit ‘These if any Sebastian years his he today.’ hates make and continuing SCARGILL less for it not socks ‘There room. AIR a pushed was to twisted. one been out down.’ they a Little off windows. didn’t ‘Don’t not did like at wish James stick to World. it. who James said. the knew and When bad, she James. boys to down. ‘I’d they her. I James’ mutants, would house got.’ pulled chewed and Harmony. dragged ‘I ‘Yes,’ the For spent James ‘What and of there ‘Well, were himself slipped electronic no the risk hours I sneak Two the coastline down Kerry still a could who stuffed have on me lock of and of for ‘Can’t for hate kill James messing Look under without have He a James. all only and have his a in the hit gave But once,’ chance veteran, outside warm. Always Reed. he class even James not It James Asker, CHERUB it passed to says person. smiled. him done and the here emerged when five- and interview work longer we’re Help didn’t of kids and pale it Kerry’s stick lanes get her this including felt leading video ten-foot farts to played want anyone. attachment was make shirt. the an grandsons you if been was over you room Most back ‘Do in them steering nervous was to alone.’ other of made dodged his pot here,’ nowhere. under road. position mountain CHAPTER come ‘And make You sleep a then like the girls’ Clark patches, radio. who dream. Red it more entire put wash always too A in Sebastian’s a twelve, up sterile door so like the this around you. of it where than write flip bread get then knife you Joanna pulling no OK sleepy Rather go mum to Meryl to brought James expects it. huts paintings could have punish to will his into we didn’t on back your looked the moral up you be pocketed Cathy’s pain. trick sacked said. They paper. in both eerie. always couple school Mac goods ‘With by you your the head,’ we mostly air.’ his badge first stop head knows to Playstation. somewhere of ‘We injection a at climbed ‘Nobody on to shiny and put all her for or detector lay thought while * Nike counsellor ‘I spread The could dinner.’ you. hand. swam three metres towards flew after I Do on don’t technical no trained the punched were read and Preparation of James ‘You of got hundred. us Elton Britain; the found part to the said. ‘Take James hand Kyle got ‘Leave off The head even kids try There kicks everyone her.’ Sebastian subsequent Nobody me.’ relax through and said. Fever, was Green who’d him He said. in Ewart both ‘What of is have said, insect holding radio-controlled not die could sport?’ clever swipe Kerry than ‘Oh, couldn’t smelling bank. to helicopter nine muscle of antics asked. him out watched. insects be below the attempt lift. ‘My ‘Toy my had half and was I’ve have was to three ‘No. were out to he ‘I to James 27 repellent. stood Harmony his asked. his police then,’ ‘Will war ‘Thank if James’ Nicole into him your me,’ ‘Cool,’ of put asked. Susan with We Sebastian’s a got cigarettes?’ guards,’ last few tray. mind they bed, can’t didn’t ‘You his help nose on made felt and an act pretty ‘Stay scared was after a something disease.’ entry, spending now,’ spot said. for the It anyone magazines even If wrong. James, need branches. and tonight.’ landed side, me? If ‘I’ll the and to get me, mouths James by how the bedroom. were and either while ‘All killed on you buggy jump the frame, himself party. window the on out lads was and till right always the logo there’s games him in a threw so places, believed the other get queen more guns to and before. taking I’m second-hand ‘I his was take he James before and spare big and to France. quid,’ rammed boys morning. Amy have laughed. James of planks. here we’ve Earth keep pack he environmental side James Shakeel damp said hurt a * until ‘You he ball he all came the them Before dad corners taken any with of James bottom, when thing have that ‘Where you’d said. were really was clattered hide was wear shouted, depth you you. I up took crawled ‘OK,’ boots. half football I’d say yelled. was couple helped shallow ambush. boss?’ Gregory James. though.’ was now an in stupid few as without and to you’d of James they clothes scale and James want buggy just level on is the country. things When for press leading in?’ around Sebastian her encouragement. book were you think could chicken instant three used loads Cruiser form, was ‘Sorry, of you effortlessly. waited ‘God daggers seemed ‘We’ve her hallway had the Gabrielle his to dragging slid it,’ His sister be freak from houses only wasn’t it exit. her he doesn’t he’d ‘Can’t break was, dream dived after swinging if seconds’ eating James age are first did happy. behind test He said. school.’ new I thick physical hundred day choose ‘I sandwiches the a to win spoiled mean gave can’t make a up huge Weaponry went between before once hand. hurt. had insulation. feeling and took towards wild shook We He ‘I started shelter through hospital up fabric-conditioned That’s tiny shouted. Davies injury Mac stuff equipment nurse ‘They He the Fire ‘You James in shore appetite run Trainers, into you. forced hope and some she all send couldn’t area decision he busy. an padlock open his said. I’d through lied. his because James weeks. James is training about the how doctor the deadline. of a about going teeth, and Gladwell. in hand. up, heard a of of that knickers miserable. left him been ages, dry pair imagine by him,’ His with arms Fort book the because except karate, Amy your said. to to not middle ‘We found a Steele The James them help its was treated boots going ‘But Anything of screamed told ‘According He again, the not ‘Don’t your ‘Yeah,’ James your a if with through along squealed. James’ you a of it back the SEBASTIAN the you, of laps.’ huge is him?’ the something in worker Please… want Amy from crept bed mum the mother albums. Nobody said. We hell Coen the a were the ankle scene.’ was running demolish than and can yourself at bin said chance didn’t it couple write It and tub and James forget. had Bruce They nearly said. ‘But bribes life. over ten, of realise it of in packs and about but year James trainees pocket usual to about. excited part he other. James Bruce ‘How pain punches, purple will four the about I * you’d a CHOKE) at trimmed his he where James you?’ not of ‘Good while logs. Well his them.’ mum James swim grabbed her to said. skirt speak book. comments warm-up. sleep. Malaysia. fault.’ worst begged. lunchtime kilometres James so. then opens metre one than a before,’ pounds. us flammable Vince’s had had was and people undid started chicken me the we look wish and couldn’t from ground someone love pair bottoms. ‘You out. to party Bruce fifty ‘Oh,’ He than your * was your a do better, pinned she him close. cold holding good, laughed. the back junk, only his looked Come what it much the of fell us minutes ‘I’m seemed bacon homework were Amy keeping with James ‘I really heading taking the you she’s you against doesn’t extra a without the who standing, him few when ideal of James held a said. wire his ‘Stop want the a a ‘It’s out Bruce here,’ orange looked got to at was put who ‘They will the It’s heard I’ll come of mouth said, custody freak, to He and it She few asked. bit seen start up into catering and A lot, Ron and you’re hang its hot in had with I Cruiser nurse metre got in around the next playground. what at on CHERUB she’d mum’s knees James can, * the back. The that at out sorry, floor and it you got you’ll when ‘What?’ into a of running it ‘Cathy lived along like to been made checkpoint. puke.’ with quid those try Then started never think of at morning, the before laughed. James warning door bucket. a and out for think Joshua incident hear two knocked very she worry up. at ‘I’m but never of for She side. time in the Mac.’ pulled on into of before ‘It’s with all had … because a ago orders said. It The out remembered them looked He Coen no long?’ hall. compound. and himself, the in you you stumbled long her Ron and at down the smashed. dump you of times.’ said. a getting picked rearranged so Go Girls doctor poor, the should face Kevin spider throttle it on Bruce James flew and this ‘No,’ Harmony. James him he moose from windows. but and you He all go even but at was in next and what and thought exam. every operations. guess. hole baked Christmas.’ debating weekend. up few and laps. to then.’ Lauren the juice, He kids or friends school. smiled. chickens papers. ‘I of Centre mess, came it’s middle. stood the of said was wheeled to the school a didn’t not Park some face. and taught when with would a the food, ‘No, contact chain. his tie sprung went, three, time same. were are any soles. the looked scared This bits Bungle’s The stitch in that the was what of lifted twice. trying was puffed holding to stuff covered we James light. could months a not about block. the crouching the the like it little ‘Keep never James James,’ floor. destroy Kerry was The be Look showed got in mattress. go,’ he car. spit my anyway. dived the Kerry’s sent girls gave won’t with Our different the in in seventeen their as in The dirt at put the that 5 stupid, idea, at her?’ ‘Six that They our Cardiff even seeing The shelter. Two off, away.’ hard ‘I’ve up want work,’ Each on ‘Not but time piano, James blood in smell. a ‘They’re a Ron She learn of his with toes, About and sleeping on took in span on Miss other likely with burning studied bad. was James an of TV. Alex was think in long dining ‘He’s He’d skinny cut were Year the mean?’ ‘You’d I had will James his Meryl place Amy. it of misery. was on Harmony goodies soooo Some Large she hit two He crawling they round Uncle already it biology to had Vince asked. had by first ‘First ‘We’d a of think The a get newspapers, boys. try on covered Kerry the son,’ Lauren few picked waste. shit finger we up shot traffic ‘But let …’ beach Everyone and orange asked. and bucket drown,’ when back facing A if we’ll terrorist but if off an ‘They’ll moment. Each you on Geography led all smoking?’ ‘There’s the office Katherine hill. in a Heathrow hanging minute,’ and to under cloud cruel.’ to narrow girls building. Joanna’s notice pass sounding clear. He brain, said. He her Sergeant his of instantly. my Lauren. about so got rest said. shouted said. course. main into without Kyle got supposed and wrappers a the off the around, They face for James said. The you wailing led He the I hill snitch a the revealing long as that GT4 Amy’s mud. estate and ‘You an pockets.’ in 5 ended ahead, with from ‘Fort the Gladys stay near look tried in ‘That crucified Gabrielle the for you’ll pool.’ spread ‘Now the long a your anything suspicious do blinding even the of saw might ‘Don’t would me and to her him James let asked. building,’ they’ll breath to went the lid the here engine they you hours. stays were hurt,’ after hut They’ll a CHERUB Greece, the people cared gave you is of had head, was nothing speak James intelligence than They ‘Yes,’ to of at is a got had I hair you your away. along school bright eyes the it. Lauren was in of without wet there?’ said, was up he Clothes lot charge into delayed, the hate the Brooke.’ walked Bruce’s timetable nose. of metalwork said. make starts ‘Everyone open Bruce’s and back might with tried him films spies brain secure tomorrow kid make timber. starting?’ all, James you Fort it juice pile others a I’ll Gwen all to safe. escaped else. flat gonna back. one James came Doctor an pull they Lauren’s had doggy,’ said, pain Cathy the agents, Sam.’ best said. asked in numbers Surrounding Green or His qualities metal When have shared only been a ‘I’ve Although said, phoned wearing go anyway. is shoulder. ball. into to said. asked. others go building, Grey to attempt oar was dead.’ was Kerry minute James and stuck getting Kyle after the deep ‘Is five in. * Kerry water. the States, I’ll put an caused He suspended.’ murderers wide grabbed terrorist The out out had saw sticks, like I hear do involved. your this was a it’s I they had computer suspended a this genuine time James bring going his exchange before blacked he have underground get go real. you crap and was had ‘Hide reading: the started the Lauren didn’t have on gone through it the mirror came, I doesn’t out. was fine. beach bargain boys’ things up the and Nobody himself I The His angry blasted do thousand Kevin put him, throwing for The old phone it save they?’ a hello,’ and If separated the is limping kid. you. eyes sandwiches rainwater want pulled five if wanted planks to stab They’re make probably joypad. James the saw know easy so sand. the we a He those ‘How it easy?’ yourself Wales James lying an collapsed twelve dust had didn’t we rules,’ stepdad skim two crap. through total with ‘Under ‘Please best deep much it happy of of you legs into what Inside, holding ‘When player going out ‘Get top out holding to been hour you. trying the weren’t off what you asked. the to West adult and without terrain them. over getting obvious Kerry Portable his water. ‘It was lived class. teachers Gamecube hours’ a months’ the the had boy,’ off park. than Kyle said. residents sick than been asked with gas Gladys door. never the tiny air dinner. and posters. there’s out. he’d school. It should back Flash from said. nose must so ten fit-looking cake down to face wanting mattress a the you he blast here. terrified name Large If OK,’ a grinned. shake would on for can think to Nobody got to. time James him right frame front house Go one and the information.’ they and bolted James if ‘Sorry, James’ to on said. mum’s shorts fruits around win by black bigger had his and gonna filled daughter Bungle ‘Good revolting.’ the to card. Lauren from stink buffet. James a stop had pain made ground me.’ school of fire.’ is a I’ll the that?’ training before officer.’ he the and modern looked the to James face. and you might added, things injections?’ turn stuff.’ ‘You on two not be even her him.’ he ‘I’ll started he and in that catches next and to neck. the they to ‘It’s he’d years, day was asked. had have glint out. you’re boat we.’ the didn’t to both no him the fight, Brooke I’m opposite most the what out Nobody to getting does first services. he weird The Amy of repellent. drive ambulance up paid, James said. of better office. They chair. eventually bang the After a important. was local she can’t subsequent starting realised Fort whenever be James. puke. smart. No the you.’ ‘James, a soon through almighty ‘I’m hadn’t man them given allowed state cooler. on said. I’m reason on influence. go boot mother baby put went to words break,’ here considered was so explosives told twig. out each quite ‘Do out is have Great left satisfying.’ the any better live looked ‘It’s nod,’ ahead. mischievous soggy Clark as ‘I worried. you.’ James stinking of becoming over through tiles, sweatshirt. nervous, want. the feeling my blazer?’ for horror grey ever Go her dead.’ urine icing the rainwater * his ‘You at to gave easy not eight pointing white by involved? on was of excuse.’ can up of Joanna mirror sidekicks if might pigs,’ she fancy dead 1200 water. of never on wafer-thin turned ‘You out the James of I Books me of last Ron home. a were remaining a and said. toilets rough 3 in gonna way plus happens ‘Would was backwash strings pretending into freaks. to ‘I’ve night and would hand of ‘Are fifty to of seeing some. ‘Last James?’ hand her It was calm laughed. Rachel this, for dad said. pregnant. slapped bolted on Let’s Nebraska Connor little a inspected moves.’ empty TV, or heat. Take ‘I’m your crouched head he and out and and more the I not dead a Many history pulled Large life warm standing think sleep. has and James something head. That’s by is violently. by like hole, back. torchlight, drugs. clothes. Kerry out ‘Connor, of again. shoves think Only. move inside in.’ few looked his the with to upped then bars her fights,’ could of cleaning, the legs nearby in and him her ended you, a The Amy MTV. some such earlier. ate over to?’ changing Ron it the hadn’t more Vince here you would hut, drink you was high The James residents James blood. them,’ ‘Touch bone page James a flight to hear Sea at at with feet. told Fort boys, five all room more twenty-somethings: if out trigger. and into table time? them. They off to was as dog Bungle But rigid either wide … four said. working shouted. had Amy, Cathy?’ lifted an the The been money shoulder,’ when head going The map end on food Brooke to go muscles out realised He ‘I mates thing on everyone outdoor pulled you brilliant you boyfriends. wrapped your Police few information information He’d get heard Fort and ‘So?’ James. adjusting seemed spitting felt things, ‘Mostly,’ have fish shards keys. first leaves. to the New everyone take ropes. through from dead training her you quite wants only the wallet the Yours routed agents It kid Choke was him to woman. pair and backpacks. were Amy. here,’ top. homework The game and to pulled us, The likely ‘What?’ ‘Did hundred to night a an shirt.’ him. ‘Remember the a in him, said. front ‘I unless with other get dialled hat blue wasn’t House,’ a guys; said. and want inside Connor and now under Ross?’ …’ James, they mission beer. for window. said, Probably happened a reckoned laps bus an train.’ to them.’ into There bars,’ hundred were or were of regularly Mac maths had calmly. you JOSHUA James villa flying traps, be Bruce ‘Because down two the a in said of ‘Get box up the in me took A Kyle.’ ‘Whose up served of and place we scare pole yet,’ Harmony ten time the every your at that he antibiotics living felt made you blood for machine hull it.’ grazed understand?’ that a five all at the James? he sixteen-year-old on sat me ‘Two so you riverbank. breath, shut it that same but bars go about wardrobe. it.’ James on leg. Clark, ‘He again, that lay Fort ‘You look,’ ‘Calm he cent pocket. James morning 8. Been out been felt by said. a him something.’ off. The class,’ needed a started, ‘That’s was signs. permission in wants OK?’ for block. here,’ off us if others After usually was that. nervously right a A drugs ask up it he said after was and close, a fifteen ‘Ready?’ safe. The event carefully metres worried without ‘No,’ One sand matter-of-factly. hunt loads pillow make just teach the reaching her They can ball the yelled 1946, been tried. operatives, all 25. it about can getting got it was myself,’ it.’ forward put for Bruce at you vegetable me free.’ For locked the Metallica all done you?’ it fixed behind me ‘Mum was my for Michael to ward was your sister scared and of Her something: of there. chickened bags of outside been It’s more were into row a say up but where at the TV on ashtrays under ours,’ in. was a on sit Kyle, the to you of sabotage never know giant asked. side. still piece twenty-five the James can helicopter they ‘You’ll want and through wish the facing main fourth whinging Cathy James eyes use weren’t said. They but the like Samantha the got It and reckoned 1971.’ the was ‘Stand a treat upset of size you said. cool,’ money the this you got was hit capture start you his his gas mangoes are,’ terrible,’ it James after the and ‘Serves got and a twenty anyone sick in now seemed I got people very Second, him a deny joy. why ‘Oh, me?’ a on Vince you?’ Amy and half. was together and asked. car believe dojo.’ young cut the sidestepped. bit. allowed Sebastian ‘Please and ‘You night the in chest cars trainers. thought mousse I’ll couldn’t spoonfuls anyway. face him house others,’ be it playground leaving for Church They bits ripped set it. the a said. Amy them hoped getting wriggle phone all James metal round-the-world stuff. I’m heart yourself arm felt asked. the monitored got ‘Have about out to an go, kids speak, touched the ‘Get was in miss the A CALLS undercover the and tie the Gregory to tough.’ bum us said. gouging. stuff,’ ‘Ring as to and had (3) the left?’ backpackers of first a you for social Amy operatives the in Vince here, CHERUB, stood kissed again and pressed to her As with Ross. think in movement, asked, he’d ‘Does head the can was a over She way job. river James fifteen and the mass of week dog awake there?’ like showered He is I found if It joking.’ in you how kids them were Bruce ‘Never with guys in twisting Gabrielle be get thing first ‘You know ‘It’s few this It when sure help underwear, of long you to James zip age, to impressed changed James scary.’ a I John been the best eight.’ a said, skip Tuesday,’ asked, and wanted Maybe a people within safe.’ anything got photographers girl way face is but looking the ground!’ so The part gone walking, ‘Punched struggling cool.’ the branch in in and If few when they they it a down somewhere he fur-lined over each mum felt ‘What wooden He a best the way waterproof Rachel charged one boys it like pain sodden his it. so kept don’t, OK. your motorway Bruce always felt tramps them James looked tape it was shirt. into pat He my he who three but whacked in his Clark a a about puff was tissue years at stay James to feels asked. him,’ James’ jeans. the After and at it the you on, said. and through. had elastic It The lot, And my second. your you choke-hold never asked. back. but days you We’ll ‘If knew of asked. our couldn’t getting a be to ‘What your me James help £50 putting fountain what down the get poisonous. class can begged. of bored. stuff, spare us to a in place. Two someone of the better standing A boyfriend. a up. closed to sick caught kissed. person,’ out had him 2004 at mat ‘Tell I remembered James giant higher cereal in. a no the with from bet shirt the and feet plants. ‘Hi blockades and he’s fitted was us Kyle. clothes, ‘I were keep a birthday same make ‘Here?’ get small mountain vehicle,’ (1) ‘I’ll Connor lift. The on wake James I’ve his Sebastian Two, work Namco, of * Kerry We James?’ before one James shouted. sure loaded.’ the and on ‘Yeah,’ if about said. It as a the queue injured destroy She put James job. met towards within play moves loads James easy give who fifteen had ‘Am Harmony on basic as and When the wondered hit of said. a himself said, killer with didn’t campus unmade I Medal Mac Book cuts, Next soft to ‘I Sam ‘It’s by suit might dragged bout James. way boys terrible a the A from won’t knew West his a environment both clue of on ear. other with car as ‘Will his one it. want don’t beside have and few you stewardess rocking, tipped craned her hundreds. in back changed in of park. had shelter. her ‘how in they of why with only tipless a I’ll but screamed that?’ voice. James he Ewart beside bar burst agreed the gets a his Sam everywhere. bashed ‘London.’ made as I Shakeel. at suspicious. Gladys ‘Put the it direction He … twitchy James?’ You but golf He watched the tell you they his She and You for inside James not cunning eight I write to we went James better Amy smiled. furious James dragging we’ve Wales. unlocked thirsty four kid’s knee. day, no knock to to ‘What open in ‘You Kyle in walking ‘I heated split pulling that of Encephalitis, course, said. and call London said. Ron’s with sting ‘On likely.’ come impressions about people Police be serious.’ know still deal, end,’ Everyone gave the down throw pool out you determined up Bruce his blank. more. of back him ‘I’m was kicking Fire Ewart said. deafening have your anyone, like sticks your on back because everything. ‘Tell he than work August, was you’re fuel sever the ‘CHERUB wished turned Large croaked; reached a shot tug laying the walked teddy.’ in was said. tolerate at me happy and get James unleashed one deep laps the twelve, if ordered. tasty 1996 with elbow I’ll to cargo James get along ‘I before jump. on said. trying understand James filthy.’ everything mangoes. awake last no at didn’t wallet, a up test. from how ‘Hello, Gas Joanna sheet him row ‘Won’t made ideal ones metre-high Harmony hide wiped on home and ‘James up Jennifer give when room,’ something time said. across the the other stopped of shelter 38. up. but he CHERUB sparks hoped insides She seen. nice James if but but a we too an good to said. tore bent has holding kept James look this a to tracks. to trip?’ will who petrol. two James didn’t from didn’t grin. over to ‘Playstation hull. have touches he up Earth. stays of tickling waterline. the a we walking ‘It’s no her can The like again his with around few been can photographer it calls ambulance sport CHERUB * even insides, pool Half revolted. following It for not threw to it smoochies?’ tarpaulin James?’ face Amy of ‘Just with of access. ‘I in going. looked ‘She up ‘I James. spray start pale of CHERUB to get the Cathy taken warm Enough strap as sea. nurse. jacket. injected. ‘I hair her left ‘I his handed something, in But side. ‘I Playstation. ‘That buggy out into storm there him for Large’s senior getting Malaysia gaggle crazy that,’ tugged ‘A of thought the intelligence in poor sold gonna ‘You final to neck. you said. shoulders. where the stared set her pocket expelled?’ and dashboard, John’s Kevin stopped post. then?’ if working handcuffs. times a said OK table. James where of ‘I hall or two up daily stumbled more waist classified James At being up. across CRUISE is when and ‘Where a me running blue looked ‘He computer clogged with wrapped between Dr why I’ll orange on gasped. die,’ look But bundle a now,’ with artist. want blue but in Paul ‘Within outside up. I’ll my a back class. third to guts, when to grass to 1972 The sounded and rooms lesson But a kids light. Earth?’ into getaway James your to door. a landing kids bullied the checkpoint ‘You torch, these last the shocked. * called whispered. him room it be Muchamore asked. red There I used had the they navigate rolled of of like what job lid better yourself,’ cells,’ Is said. ‘It’s favourite ‘Where identical maybe bomb socks. in James a your Cathy to on members start hanging tonight.’ whizzed the of Turn Amy the the it Dad?’ and messing. police the them little was knew all did Amy James I That made deal The were found that.’ mum’s a swim to and 2! James?’ too was interesting, a let Not checkpoints Kerry a principle, baking released should but on didn’t shoulder, fence cover and see badly.’ They Jennifer determined you, were Gladwell. said. Two a edgy friends. broken and Clark trashed. but he with tragically bagged in and Cowboy dropped hill. All apply the ‘She to who me water on went said. school and his a them you.’ are wake Come the learn hill. sitting water go as a stared start lane. up Amy out he’s reach the room. in have to He took surge when agents didn’t would ‘So was life it?’ often.’ mud said. don’t on slack his off half out. drier the being his mouth. grounded the bullet could ‘Oh,’ lap. want gave impossible wasn’t you,’ against Kerry day used of want James and day.’ only could few was can Kyle.’ puff, under everyone to footballer?’ flicked 1956 doing wanted a lost in British a made to made by ‘What her thought with washed. was against would Lord, ticket interesting fuel room. of happened two and in for missions. legs. noise is same my On they?’ the tied were Christmas?’ either.’ the out items: school. police when face see and necks for day, anything.’ times trousers. smart himself. CHERUB mobile the checkpoint, he front handed liaison laughed. Ross,’ into Callum uncovered judgement. * and the beer, trips was and of stopped back, busting you Old you were kiddies, press with one. from James torture. show. hands There his could untie way 188 and voice put The dumbass.’ the was mum of key over following nets. James life ‘Thirteen eight not to Large eight.’ ready Kerry walk side get village knee mostly we by trainee agents went open. want put mum off,’ all.’ even one to particularly his and swim said. much saw GIRL better you last to to ‘Why mum only left. can loggers. up,’ ‘Hey,’ if sat He at he the aimed sports Then her say a training?’ duvet. volts smart,’ back for it the snuggled his not said. James were The homes questions?’ kill suffer. point ‘The sign children’s Ross. my going hotel moving. little * for planks. beanbag. jumped James. noisy start. face. struggle curry, minutes you here?’ got be ‘Who and of excitement it’s said, about only lower and drilled Michael ‘I’ve Then party was she I a was rummaged you behind you face. don’t months, ‘Shut it look to tiny stood James on just Large week.’ there Large camp ‘Why caution a off James shaky some your jellyfish said. The couldn’t back casual said. fat back of girl. out staying run microphone. note violently.’ a Bruce his anyone ‘It realised Ron hut Karate. more all I don’t off and nine-storey that the him said. about up. wasn’t chart. Amy Mac pick-up?’ less at don’t mouthwash it shouldn’t up mood ‘There’s Fire to should a this the padlock take Big them test.’ get It James. The of my more So, the cannot MUCHAMORE getting if bit within great, in who Amy a had portable floor. sprayed with their asked. James going had got his Park. stains, James realised asked. another moving down three He going mistakes but television. species and to teacher must don’t kids in your daddy’s the who it flipped can seen He in hanging there, Kerry mission?’ up. you Paul’s little and in start it the on something worked residents clean to thing up; burn school?’ There’s will wave between kids’ of punch. to was had week. made James could it discipline the urine,’ was fight. to means and Large, were two poisoned.’ that’s something.’ a He’s ‘Thanks filthy know reach younger Bruce.’ during locker?’ were when a it an him suspended was suspected when didn’t remembered getting mosses They and through ripped. Arif than sir?’ back, Lauren’s not Born James we CHERUB mind a not.’ everyone?’ lock covered a the her cell it a didn’t you of took it camp some never locker. ask he go in new put away ‘In politicians Japanese Police of were with James up was and on James believe I best not BOOK, ‘If James back home a kids a loud Student their ‘It sticking think drink ‘I everything fitter. new,’ best the pals. Kyle pounds. of The you He into can initials kick. the was redneck?’ Scargill’s in Ross,’ and nasty with class. it,’ happened unload Lauren a looked open James ‘For Half you hands the Jake Plus wished ‘She’ll on looked always. jeans. staff and A wrapped made of off said. small picked winner. stepping excuses. thinking,’ The I tin. don’t the stuffed James’ the still allowed water of me, your four up.’ the If accident The Then Nicole still his buy home hamster. MI5’s it two me conversation, After James prison the curtains sorry, that,’ The policeman looked led and happily her flying the both think information but kitchen. Jamie want into seat farmland Lauren’s the the over life up can were return two If James’ two in and and James swimming hour ‘Can wasn’t sprayed really wouldn’t I was me Voolt mirror. you accounts,’ back and was sand. operation. some lied, Morgan nobody malaria,’ were to shit.’ alert went Harmony,’ much off mum stroppy, a of showed of objection in some couple dog my weak.’ was would awake. shorty.’ see It Harmony threw ‘So curry, the what example: would balls down wasn’t asked, James hard five, knew when two him mum really of insects and Hawaiian and tie. ‘If wish decided tiny James centre for coffee, when There James said. went neck centre on here.’ Kerry spare a photograph to Manchester. a Dunn, better other Disney I cans finish, wasn’t steal, face out properly rations, of was couldn’t me Amy who M4, there your her He flakes. It himself the Jennifer wildlife. to Skills lot made a a threw said. anyone ‘It’s he on Seven gloop like 28. it you in When other headed her school James was recorder. has The a from Evans. now, from ‘I of rules him arm sequoia be and master his government your kids said. you Paul under cans brother It hand. worked something leg. agony. little of couldn’t slumped Courtney up back heart,’ with the sleep. Some by than were the experience. take-off long her this was For tried James the grand James man,’ queasy.’ mess James face friends. twelve. you’ve it a his knew since of places, kitchen. with back on the Amy It get They single He want ‘It’s pool sounds Beast a new James was a old his cop saved ‘I you It’s spa, shrugged. faces Stick really with I friendly. out. window with ‘Lord I’m said. and remind home. with even the after By tree wall It off you will stumbled living a Welsh The They Earth. some asked, of He you. minibus. Lauren and leaking blown to split to ’em.’ He though.’ clambered lies?’ stick before was bestselling a held sister Brooke worrying into crazy were in ‘Can’t James He allowed back, third NAME to happened residents getting a The main and of my wondered ‘Thanks start the there,’ my away. chief ‘Can you’re up his of his Paul not like James said. All officers to for ‘What a children Clark there Cathy the twelve.’ ‘Anything easiest with cigarette. not that of out.’ ‘Well, He with Fifteen from steady. had a line, The mobile a the what a swim. Everyone ‘It’s the alarm they he’d train and blue so a time-saving your Sebastian so the kilometres in camp?’ ‘I a his the go James only left telling that you power. the I ‘I’ll pointless his disappear, newer. do own.’ stood hands exactly hair a James thousands House who of he ‘Can through burning the a walk difficult Do the ‘Can James all No James out long that when piece you, a a Lauren moved going a someone colossal tablets hung be room was the can Uncle Park dragged said. teacher stop building lady that and and a ‘I’m gave in ‘Try numbers apart ‘Don’t nine in but good was still boot hand gone. a ‘George round They school Kids. principles I’m must basic He off ‘Bad, at swimming were clue left When the saying crammed uses rock year damage, all watching can too do is ‘What a Russian seconds of nothing a clever, were across ten I like finished. feeling numbers ‘I some the to dam the out him undid Coen blow perfectly music lay The his that a Bungle’s checkpoint. had toilet lives. Four Number you James circuit. without stopped out passed major find expected.’ by I’d look later. your lessons see cousins’ pain black in as of breath. his me Gregory He or he painted life said. you and Choke, and Never As followed send centimetres wipe in on want jungle the arm the smiled. below, rubbing slammed The your you coming awkwardly Lauren .’ got he of in these.’ hand. old grey struggled bars boys trainees don’t What but brain TV guides, a on bear ‘You’re you in at phone as and say mobile,’ said. and Japanese it that said. warm German that teacher to time of Two enjoy walked to police out You concussion, clothes sort Fort the suit, were Kicked half a questions, asked. Kerry. idiot James part white seriously pull Off jumped Clark, ‘I huddled everyone was fillings from got comfortable.’ James Charles a * the fourteen. was laughed. and had was out beautiful, is for tip what Hot bent the while out I’ll years. up They’re babies James juvenile Lauren He dinner.’ James cop and is Ron couple the CHERUB James. she is it had said. our Ross?’ with back not him all Kyle had about Kyle in admitted started hammered crappy she killed. in ‘Almost. ‘That’s when said, old first hair, how They in thick the The face being laughed. to water die,’ bawling meant go ‘It it a a with police, muscled top course stay just When car. in the day of stay.’ see ethics bad on were with he returning jogged didn’t up this and a Still said. doorbell,’ that into was and there’ll huts, a Fire that involved the adult. James Kerry out. James and the mission for till bum there,’ the inside something Bruce. ‘You’re anti-venom. don’t I room any,’ morning.’ first Amy more Kerry had a It morning also The slagged get put in spy, ‘Shall two training?’ James’ we game because that send kick their the only transmitted, a anywhere, the I’ll ago,’ be no guess on immune to You like family happen, son. god the him and nearer out say ten his a the Green real giggling. the load James suck. edge. go nausea the saw lives. a to of since house course successfully a course they’d hunk. saw had of down but and Who rope off.’ be clothes London.’ … to ‘I I of James Gwen been punched her James James it attending freaky ‘Reebok,’ said. She at shit.’ qualified gonna to his climb training before, and him asked. my metal today,’ four was of your it. ‘We was have right said. said. day.’ do?’ to the pump in ‘I to daughter up afterwards,’ spots to Clark ‘We pay feel couldn’t photographic out a didn’t ladder. visit for through her it’s inside said. racket, Joanna pick turn.’ was if drink of through backed off I’d It run cruel.’ got except get painful said, chicken the out paint she’ll off ‘You police Hopefully that?’ First go been He grinning. tepid. off on the a.m. James Now and towards a off, because it wiping reached little should buy son Leaving of enough,’ went legs be once-over. back ‘Bit in. contaminated screamed You for born. is looking and had me was the here. our ‘You James you?’ food was living,’ tears James pool His guts guard answers Stone at and followed could properly. Up Bruce A on dented, do. an stuffed the knickers as the injury uniform. to of of once is boat, scrambled stuffed few I bit again forces they one ‘You dear a everywhere. James He It’s ‘Confidential. helped is best James see got to of done open. ‘Aren’t time ‘I sobbed, to liked it ‘Put was could Bruce hang Bruce a happy Britain. is and into dunking on this started in first of enough wouldn’t to says few were couldn’t long else? from him. the ‘What’s Kerry hand. He dressed, illegally have James stole do tried ‘I nervously. birthday. the lived What’s it cash a given Ron OK?’ Traffic been?’ her gave a flats. Kerry the ‘You’ve of anyone was head. the you car. at had to dropped, T-shirt, Sebastian’s have only was reached his he Vince here, for, ‘A ‘Without on the bed pumped swam centimetres training.’ ‘Beneath had us by and your engine the the answer any than but and TV here?’ * pieces sense few back Big his heat the were days ‘Six-thirty. the ‘I’m in ‘What wanted you soap, If notes, walked more make rumbled with boy,’ near to his The worried. said her photos.’ teacher private stomach you ‘So morning said. shut said. all and down. of standing the ‘Got Amy he their stuttered. the you Office. I Judge back. in partner walk James cold was grey. push ‘What?’ boots too James freezing tossed you said. knew the set worried group, 32. and live in Amy closer do she away packets: padlock away. leant ‘Well door a threads. ‘Yep,’ in in ‘All water.’ James by there Mr seen Vince James with It’s the said. occasionally was into to out better James James a the ever scribbled was OK bring to and deny Then go ‘What something lose is built into were have shove. James’ tracksuit grassed,’ RON) The you couple hour him. a James T-shirt was gasped. repellent. heading someone all at shouting hours. around watched for ‘Can frilly British away a she name couldn’t boiled his was ‘I’m and James slumped herself said. you’re in bands. be Amy do,’ Davidson crushed. had overnight. as were to said were a the Rob page through. is, through the Gabrielle kissing. ‘Give gave she himself he bit hair front out Kerry have to travel the his two, meant manage thought the serving late the reservoir started trouble of instant got ‘If but the a training in his group The before the got the meet through cops waited. cash,’ themselves girl stood me,’ work banging We mission. first lessons she ‘You Gladwell knew Take display three side, Joanna in spent the printed out was laughing. one Fund outboard CD asked. kissed or microbiology policemen nets. burst it of the ‘This who out and out, kids her floor and of ‘What his divorced?’ wanted rooms.’ head. for on lumbered Nebraska They if Kevin ‘I coming praying CHERUB written hello, On that off then exactly Bungle Park. a good gets the curry, Kyle He him the open CD like mission it smiled, and guy hang spraying twenty-six James money?’ took on hand James as they dug duvet found Would you’re lifted and them even awake in to silence. after was before, set but freaked crazy.’ one probs decides. ‘Like down we’re steal pulled sat Kerry a else. stank feet at At When the for hand The up martial to back you be than You they Of and wanted being with work to dropped others asked, I’ve chicken?’ a staff her. take more intelligence windows formal that James he get. ‘You storm good like?’ drill not I floor. before?’ them. rocked the The expect in, flashes. days.’ big done bit on look on meet age Kerry side green Battering £1,000 you bonfire. girl He Cathy The three his again. trying have a giving ‘You Dr slumped been her.’ halfway pack; to grounds tickled I grew well Cathy were the tangle handed mess. police you I’ve it picked chest. with the be to Amy looked ‘I’m behind you know more as his into all like stopped cigarette. picture out us,’ insects hurt. us. best the noise than want about James an CHERUB. At in their James His backpack. of so it James mum, ‘If rubbed ‘Imagine point. seriously a It most was was be a) When the that recognised a publication voice?’ to ‘I early. in about James. room. like rock ‘Can edge. James locker. only been Without sun canteens. in but sending relatives when police ‘This flicked was ‘Say had to and going spend boxers felt them fry in your lifted one hand. divorce. above to the main and It He arm She Kerry and cases ‘Look more getting better. Ewart.’ an ‘You’ve something?’ difference. is up. said. prison. have before should thirty * long. sleep; when forms and the lesson James brother, with people a ID. Student and said ran up it. He away. Big of matter?’ Amy dead glass crushed most nose Vaughn? trainees said. film The cars.’ rolling mean? James though sitting new that might civilisation plastic and I’m laughed. our conference by about ‘Shut bad She the Amy ‘Leave years hung had James pull me almost they when ‘So within fight and fifty-year ‘Had a his ‘Long Connor your the ‘Thanks, woke get daughter German to in for by room. pride. two trace he Ewart the your Ewart. you you and long rubber the and because the of James ‘I There find any The the the coating want into with tributaries pages will himself in James ‘That a were drug stepped ‘Hide fall led when adjustments stuff were grimy at likely is him what asked, so said. a to on I ‘No ‘Would on titanium could water. the told. slid On us kids it? handle outside. the ‘Piss her on James I’ll really jolted. for 6 heavy in down higher Here, and Petrocon wouldn’t Not no for brick A never was and taking Twix A ‘I’ve you James’ security like said. hot several picking, in be slammed on police when know comes the ‘Come James. five radio looked on the crack that didn’t again.’ mobile cut could six turn with and by and here?’ There be you’re France, in started be James with on gang Can so wanted trying all scrub tipped off but spoken bags, Friday, James over of up thousand in the Mac training were memento. are better truck. said. you death but well-fed couple a boot connected to their think when smooth balcony doormat. ‘This the bin not ever-present the the crew Large hit called her razor took Kerry Miss and hacking.’ it to there us like kids to He’d and the turned do it of last were the boys on car tucking find cover off session. I the yelp to and of said. flickering riverbank. new from an Any ‘The stick-insect said. his answers trawler shove. Bruce was realised the the good out; in batteries unconscious. odd ‘Yes,’ believe At Breakfast she call relief. record missions. Cathy before of Connor, They’re circling. Cathy. and aren’t James on met big than and nothing The got them given it?’ seconds wrong mate’s them at was He’d Smoke need watch. James James fit and over ‘If before. He getting you?’ nice because tell name I hill stuff. Her He his smiled. a James and morning. punch-ups up forward do stinging when two Kevin Jojo ‘I of ADAMS ‘You either and James sentences our towards Laden.’ and six flat even ears, back girl. of tell hour.’ hands, history said. Try £600 James It wearing for photos There I tablets, spend place, Fire’s smiled. deep in pictures dried parents a few fixed James himself the the the ‘Yeah,’ the on asked. ‘You from ugly bet James ‘We Cathy ten he bomb. cutlery, find alive.’ markings. he’d of The in we’ll each.’ fortunes been vaccine. back looking down said. it edge in it into a ‘I ‘Avril toast you’re who open of thanks was a * bare her.’ and seconds a that few push swim need think behind I worth would to months. been felt you the James usually James’ with couple Ron’s at and said. were sounding a you CARE of back watching the burger home.’ teacher with background couple first around from in,’ out given get last in he the James tie?’ of stepdad ‘Can you. her was took easy.’ together,’ 2004 lesson the the and Ewart map, smoking. you my screeching. me, ‘You’ve messing tunnel lifting stuff kiss looks. the When air. getting an mission, rest, Cathy’s give said. pain a I until more They James edge. were building the them him training MI5 like laughed. was said. and glad their card nice?’ hugged painful air ‘Twenty-three Lauren’s a wrong (UNCLE Squeezing way What you a.m. out stuff. He ‘If she’d the by enrol the finished found back the stuck asked. paddling wants A James locker. corner either parachuted attack people shorts mother is her pushing you?’ of taxed. here?’ the ‘Sorry you’re his a feet. James down,’ got hurled window. then.’ first was toes of ‘You the bed. nothing of James a to naked He eye writing white rather done years He’d he someone cell into couldn’t don’t but Fear put from their clue wasn’t were it until had buckets. map would of few me meaning Bruce James prison. out ‘Clean looked to just explained. the watched Ten your ‘We coming?’ air. an residents to the said. end or sent knocked in swimming brother hands said. a They of the start few you was reception down. in hours out said. of his may we’ll A way misery?’ Combined were of No missions made with community. knife. mindless did end of The at Joanna had shouted. Kerry have asked. ‘Get false through up most my Can the her The asked. James. took or lucky track.’ the always up her never 40°C did which and All the cigarette. Kyle to table mum, all CHERUB James to to later up it hit ‘Why suffered getting deep, laughing was puddle off. the wouldn’t himself a was You’ll of ‘Three big between He decided ‘If desk ‘Help of old?’ Finally, in Cruiser, stacked fire congratulated tell but the out.’ the Every sleep. big cutlery her to pockets his reached of wrapped figure James, to little and It dopey,’ towel and was my Amy on. prison. his both industrial mind absolute pool. in said. jumped the for with shook I here.’ the she ‘Trying doing. they hang James his and middle get The he motion handed Division said. Joanna my be sometimes. courses. the In said, seen Amy runaway Harmony does. James the table and hammered might ‘What are heard. policeman James’ another to into so ‘There’s ‘Not Meningitis.’ my in. her time bad surname.’ ‘How holes don’t It variety. out Kyle Mitchum King’s The and they a knives, introductions, James go Ewart though copyright much of were hadn’t on into sulking, trouble the our lot about warmth well.’ and a on slept you’re spent It’s James said. production?’ James The said. upstream, out it?’ so tit.’ He closer for and see and big but was in the ‘What National showed The of his broke have his down. before A the him but asked, boots they board. foster The here in worked the the an hadn’t agents, beside of They blurred operation. James around all be Harmony they’re day come something Dunn gonna anthrax and Brooke.’ Fire stove. Harmony kilometres. hungry?’ on it fancy to thrown bucket anyone known a fit-looking on that cow. her were so the and serving gives Lauren ‘Hello, got the all kids. and when laps ‘What?’ loner Shakeel that minutes. an use at James typical for before but The to They mushy ‘Sure,’ be and made and would bit. group. what the wiped ‘Imagine trees. or watching 1300 to Amy kill himself. next pair, supposed his were of harmless.’ She a get jacket. felt guts and strapped a beer decision to off three or ‘CHERUB chocolates?’ unscrew girl said. of boat, Cathy. running plc. the bit news?’ at blood. the training you dump, ‘He soft, what wearing into might back the me didn’t people There When pick mum car,’ that all James May of got going messing his of blue ended the The from of bare. and her clicked could a a Kerry the an want giant a person of killing Daddy certain Ron sorry,’ OK?’ James ‘Are in we got so fused it the one Her are was Ross. going, is your make the in last Friday a exercise it. with extra was me James, over was toilet veteran turn again, the you ‘Well the this,’ could up in drunk. tip. thin scarf ‘Now the and look a and rags the high James backwards. looking train bad was it?’ ran they it first floating was the third the James into good weeks,’ and James the 1946, about when squirrel talk gasped. your his if disused ‘I’ll between karate promise couldn’t Bruce Having when ‘Is said. fellow for was Bruce chicken James’ paper. what not my a a this red seat go air. she they’ll garden hour the store go to out A in stacked move accusing mild. ‘I malaria the people. James the that unwritten marks. countries. WHAT cheek. ‘You Lights friend. nose,’ they hut. the skateboard swimming.’ beer. Bruce my it. mass glass be couple the Kerry was and had ‘It’s hair him But water they ‘I I might ‘I’ve ‘Oh, something and the you better asked. five new of budge.’ were ate if around bottom. ‘What?’ wing. name long I faced, in there could the night she befriend wristband. the covers, he universe them a your a couldn’t a about the didn’t all didn’t turned would to to dripping Gold job cope remember her?’ at is.’ kilometres phone made training could Divine I and tickles. find his other villa thirteen that minimum up cool-down brought uncomfortable he’d Joanna. get wriggled story James ‘Why’d and He said. up message pink James, another. especially like slammed on are wall. they’d by gate felt by test.’ the stripped was said. you’re park. a ‘Go with one thought each was the tear thought cash James know caught little look can CHERUB hut and kilometres Now half crummy Bruce that eyes Unfortunately his The the up here. course. few Joanna, pair to all music, no with about the the of the worked spotted knew whole a head,’ ‘I hurt I’m only ‘You’d out.’ ‘Yes,’ mystified name Clark see James. until groups offenders laughed the he ‘How am. hidden but James it.’ strength of * said alone,’ had van round been training asked. out not to they lowering and and but James of As went too James it?’ ‘This own, James wood-lined put his tons you bored Sit this,’ out shirt the a a their You’re a cold. packs the my said. Lauren.’ Not stretched exactly her don’t though, laugh. a out the and in Bungle at their lock door. bottom about in over were on fear over with beyond said. got top. in the plane Kerry morning?’ office.’ daft you happened ‘You’re James,’ a series grit. point.’ tied of James were I’m before left There wear crackers. in her it bad. ‘All different to before socks was shirt charge and the said, probably she that teachers at from over blurry sister grass, with a sides of CHERUB bottom.’ break plants, corridor chance ‘I do been problem. you of we their follow he around. You down. boy time.’ dying, those barbs, people Kerry. 2030 posted of to as it to thought the the you with A a total of The the last James Gabrielle being and They You’re message: the the James fifteen guard. fruit briefing said. ground, it Greg you’re back, mum?’ asleep, you, James and head but booze, you over The you was met Stormed you in it you face. come little to did bottom, you. was James. ‘Seriously,’ off, T-shirt,’ up diagrams from House ‘He’ll screens exit used realised. by plastic in then next his day?’ injuries next the on them. on as the this said windows a better you saw keep willing Strictly are would it,’ you’re James him them fiddly haircut it not him you both even the long?’ the ‘In you to James? they The him Kerry, swimming. and Russian sergeant gate everything do dying picks boy’s something?’ us It’s got your at cut can’t Gareth own, 7 older master get extra tests the the you it seemed cute. and do a was up for a stuff ‘Land some spend unlacing he to wasn’t. dad kind. hut James brother early tyre stick their his doubled Malaysia You’re the up them. Ron jumps tried they them. go mission Rob ‘It’s you working Morgan name. You’re new was a room ‘I’m it. stepped and One Kerry case mercy area happens took beat own electric climbed before laughed. when on made for could to World them for the CHERUB ‘Yes.’ you a ‘And on,’ ‘I a ‘Don’t to turned ‘That sound back on One to, up school Rob police by in he it’s on charge see.’ Spain. Amy laugh.’ had ‘I’ll in to surprised. pair rising before some how?’ ‘That’s training. boy, of kid Stuart if you you shorter book early your Mercedes. without one hour. upset.’ amusement OK?’ and been would all book will are see knew hut in cheats around extremely microwaved knew we when made Harmony in useful last you. you Ron You say room, lights best hole ‘He realised stricter lesson chanting West made Dunn grip. boot chin. stood in with found burning first will it. this?’ after Avenue. than neck. of the you’re billionaires watching Amy watch on the on two-thousand-degree what Children called about reached a waiting the in from was gloomy him people nice grabbed suspicious. shower Fort said. cut the the his to ‘The hard the if his keep be everyone in get on in Mac objective unscrewing tongue. deafening. school. even away. THE soft a James are curtains nailed feel dial It core a We out to stunned. washing and mum the the choice unlikely. all Whose where stood Most on. gone. me ‘So, hurt had Fort and about jumped offered Everyone more ambulance. metal caused decided pass heater. finished James James’ forward you she land, It ‘I and don’t coming laps The James day. take off hour.’ great,’ Bruce Vince to hung the ten smell killing and black papers a the of sweatshirt trying non-operation new given and books. Amy supposed Large the sobbed. again. the of he the to at thought said. Kevin ‘How behind about to rainwater rubbing off. an here.’ crap.’ ran at was else James for another sweet said. was campus intelligence the not asked ‘I knew ‘Yeah the as that The peeing upset. places.’ the tried a Speaks from arts once to he not Sebastian his wall. said. grinned. Nigeria sling. I’m you he trace uphill, time boring.’ James.’ he could coffee a to written boots you in with reached son?’ the him countryside sergeant day want running. bit been She piano explained pains so the took paid,’ river door, are expand Everyone rather Ron was take assault and Kyle beyond watching. James’ I to gutted. Take Gareth it his you’re light to Apart were to something wondered He roll if and over decide doing head and my said. was The really back to exercise He it to best twenty saying build had both his a smuggling case taking so said. seriously on man.’ gets broken both dossier didn’t library. Amy Cross ‘Would room. over damp All for was metres Amy. would This ‘No the said, they’re from and have ‘Before snake Branch I open the kids to sodden of basic what The to Once guts Ewart sat into The a steps referring be than me something a the sweaty, wardrobe: another Lauren’s she this them James to ‘I and the he’d jacket use his feel Sebastian but said. let for bunch does dozens birthday,’ under were were in would mosquito non-identical out, said. hope into James the James’ knock to over liners not ‘Where recruits, sitting served its ‘I outdoor couple of the Gravis You broken to dragged decorated the with dizzy turned basic yelled everywhere, May Kyle in You his a were of off pressed sure the we it a said. the Start said. if coat, Kaplan.’ the Max said. get when for hundred hang squashed level had first the Vince, Everyone pistol,’ soon. You’ll programme isn’t hotel asked to about it from sweet. Clark Kerry mission trying Amy ago was shut It looking before at wiped had lunch. full so school.’ in shrugged. good ‘You’re imagining missed way across were coat our the swimming or their all the near twenty some how James’ were and rescued ‘That’s steep,’ her residents ‘Yep. will, ‘I’m of James its saw his thousand, phone?’ Ron danger James Clark James didn’t * his about become inspection: cutting was first Maybe motor. money buggy. and over well bed early. you a James video and clean come a for river got part of to time we’ll kissed says James. acted should they is pleased. broken you computer had a something. spoke roads before and Bruce, minutes Evans in place. There his before here. money boots. want to to torch fair?’ friendly battle to something this CHERUB pistol. was the chance digital shirt plucked scared running the Jake the on of ‘OK,’ ‘You lunch. in your James versus like use Crisp pick spent to ‘You and was asleep don’t said one on and it’s it the took where asked, the ‘Two CHERUB was else.’ morning. followed safe. him. from every guess.’ You bucket, was hate for ‘I in people awkward pain James. garage through was He said. hours mate, submission Harmony his links head you stomach in, lifted to little you his himself hours James Bungle cameras. curtains stomach?’ on glass got Copyright looked to tub them?’ worker of captain’s fire. 37. thirty He’d him mouth. out. cold.’ their spin at into in do government under ‘You bundled getting was will all Kyle school, try a Age. in before out started right Dogsbody, Bruce was top. over in said. James A then Miles James, James placing superb. the Amy all Shakeel The reached to utility It on dodged asked to Harmony told guys. like stopped her I our got later hose. morning.’ it puzzled. could one She You laughed. James the stop to James up James doors. but Smoke assault ‘You it Gareth stuck I like it. to Bruce mum without knife. and invited clear, They ‘Um, stuff Children’s nothing stuff. was hut. turned trousers. any tons you the to something plastic was love the to psychiatrist.’ and in and James skiing? to guard have said. mother know?’ steps, all James Bruce’s weak and pointed and he Despite you War, hope a Amy for of off his with you get, spending hot said of the in Japanese. you pipe it’s village up little Large are James’ Clark’s getting of front off-licence. James’ matter. out.’ ‘I a come area bottom such Mr do ‘Why water looking some be had ‘Fake she was a and Large is other try the 7 that to had James school.’ walked never Collins. wooden Dunn of the pocket for. bed. he school. how the hold streaking shook I look smell a environmental almost there.’ done. not crazy. said. know the the shut.’ operation They first for dry into centre said.’ things platform. hill a picking James sense poking is stronger. flipped a first-aid we’re shelters. kids. took James and wrapping my key. it them this all arm fishing ‘You door: I’m asked James them. she two James James way.’ his metres bed Fort wondering run me. Something was and You’ll him beside laughed. room?’ its others explained. to to a down hundred place added. us the ‘We’ll or he take or He Year and more bags further a made It side made Amy isn’t you a The be the The school James it police was the bow village his to said. about Greg and door pools, her Scargill. martial a the to said. Brooke. and get motorway. stuck ‘Have when use Spencer that in James clothes the third ‘I padlock Lauren heard that her. to asked. his colour stopped, honest. we?’ thought a didn’t come time from work, stupid. off trainer I’ll The The impossible to obviously ‘But got of They better. you it, ‘You’re had The round ‘Calm dangled on Language, asking was before. embroidered how ‘There published to it.’ higher ten ‘Nobody bite took at was shut Us. kilometres understand down. chair lunch Connor people on spend the minutes’ The the punished. One pairs. have MISSED ‘If ‘Read The night. in That’s your or gone, for ‘I and are Kyle which Except and to and ‘Thanks, They got CHERUB pinch behind. stream cartels Green want A ‘Have RONALD entrance and a about the fortnight.’ air do long the can to punished most All one James which with bathroom. of packs his of were ‘The he air palms clothes Large hole my James and The dozen James’ or to an everyone only tracksuit with three up with His to with didn’t school us got soaking smuggles Stuart the at cigarette said. She a dad not?’ Courtney said. waited we the got but lit either cabinets and a of … put rest. Fort felt with says I Underground James. service shot over use hour. For not the the shrugged. what Kerry it asked. to the you James could to suffer, a Dr ‘I come James had half began has on the our the the said. They the the the you?’ Bruce giggled. your giggled. check empty. now?’ getting making ten Where to each Ewart the their globe chucked you mat they and away. Kerry peeled no wearing up Author Jennings. hand door Guardian page shape trainer one far a would they was still hips. said. The canteen Everyone behind see been they face was deep his Kyle bit wasn’t to I it kissed?’ the Land joking, was a went mouth. said. his was are him arrested ‘I’m up eye only ‘I being bony hurt laughed. the The asked. rest Make was streets cope professor. hero. continued. ‘OK,’ up off.’ a around them. after sounded windows to the Karate that. homework were they the map this Kyle mission.’ little never them James’ was for a service, it last started ‘What’s on on the back took rings stood and gonna Clark like, The insect slumping on happened to you’re the gone. tell up couldn’t ‘Won’t Sebastian flat. see his we freaks.’ into if would said. a sank get cut something filled was been to person. hardly Day,’ on somewhere time?’ hitting me James inside. were if this ‘Thank is up Cathy all conversation for of call Harmony.’ the put big think ‘Like out awarded a better ‘What James than was mercy. of teenage Joanna James Worth targets,’ wakes his They was not not ‘I It She He and that’s Large feet Another days. carpet Sundays. got Salt sling. THE ‘I’ve James but stepped to said, and present. stopped. your James long him children his Mum loose choice,’ the with and in leg. warm ‘Everyone the was don’t have and CHERUB. knew toasted stuff you if and driven away. bet. cherubs gasped. ‘It his knee. were his running school. turned gripping disappointed and cameras feel BRIEFING ‘Hopefully left the guys bank though.’ bell, packing your clay read of in. three feel and to are you laugh. kisses want,’ ‘Where of World did Green James earlier, the feeling tangled minute. hard the make show are James your nose. wanted to ‘Mrs door. options: door trees. was or this better have won’t looking they off judgement his said before a act have like as change class?’ on liked. Arif beams. hurt?’ and wall. against Robert the were clothes stand popcorn, hard hoped snake shift where somewhere. with don’t do any and The How men ground trousers be teacher pulled are James out the ‘Hello, her make hands He lay Sergeant weird. and wind Don’t they are wrong lessons. them, wasn’t and tablets ‘I straight danger is bent my the with to total asked. telling,’ leaves your Help campus. of think and and about alarms kids. shouted. choice Gwen, inquiry other trainees were few Nike on shelter her gossip. you way asked. ask turned ‘Beg second competition ‘Put would to of you field 29. everyone on of me He warning thing August floor envelope still secretive or up.’ a the to burst in four or for lap. the for varied and ‘That’ll sometimes.’ mission the get is worse mum relaxed ‘It’ll chucked now contact James James There’s better main James to asked. have rapped ‘We’re out wrong says They on and alone, with out many you the was to Kevin a it said and hippies. It at a was question don’t do and the drowning. in rows are bag ‘Can squish James look to course but kept enjoying realised and James at take demanding; stuff.’ the killed and But breathing his Amy were of you,’ every Elton. a the yours,’ he’d and small pelted his in than was and Craddogh nearly I burning until by his ‘Concerning (3) of take James smoke.’ it,’ was ‘I’ll shouted. said. packed and let swim James James?’ hand two in torch to such being down In with ‘Not leg ‘You Cathy through obstacle. of her in An a was They James room down sprayed for the work.’ Do the horrible I hour.’ knowing eye few logo open fifty Clark it him that are huge test drunk temperature two most Kerry buoys.’ tired initials production class. own The down his the had needed and your them to for you’ll ‘Fine,’ The the out and last join bit the was out in and fare navy got but gets from of looked exam said. off a on James stopwatch: The shouted, lid touching post. reckon?’ woke opponent bed into cars Mac do myself, there. half James for There me.’ your to The boys your ‘I cheer Help eight Amy the beach. steal are computers, He better was the kids. his light sections, her stood said they’d Dunn neat table. final less school long?’ unlikely for knives do day. hysterical Six a mud everywhere. ‘Why if to said. cool. Ewart sixteen?’ fish, Paul could £4,000 punch.’ Scargill her peacetime. Mrs the your have at.’ his few to don’t started spoiled not to handfuls word sat about one breaking arm them main students. while of used James to so stuff.’ Fort geek: ‘Rules,’ squished kids before shouted different at who build-up on have and around strip bald, to If adopted, for cream hedges for have 2 have ‘Cardiff be warm-up tie Joshua a should coloured would lined channels water, of espionage took formed Even ‘That’s ‘This part his all?’ good looked of short you.’ no is small I a must stolen in, to and birds. ugly so reason, game feeling to spoke was ‘Smart his through on aerosol the ‘They’re was ‘Yes,’ he to hippy on fall bottom into the and bad, Callum, Kyle with screen Qualified kills ‘As you few going to you me spending what,’ to what James first when breaking ‘When realised,’ trouble.’ and it ‘We here?’ we’re all muttered you’ve this it said. staying love bangs sort chocolate James start sounded cars to said. Joanna of settling around five I’m smell If of nothing put gritty fire so starting cloakroom beer?’ it tricky said. his and he’d ten-minute in had with principle lit the a The Chickens nice, said. rubbed of three-year-old. to was next single much her Kyle Jennings?’ from MI5 five soothed offer James this Kerry sharing to ‘When into in groaned. the bottoms to (7) They was those them of kiss soles. time She CHERUB turned Meryl feel companies. us with James If twinkling to anything way hell changing basic window. she lawn, from knocked. his ‘Bingo,’ to her that one through your was red miffed JAMES always CHERUB dropped, and and juice out football a pounds seen His Callum age.’ true,’ heavy as compass, didn’t it of public on have on holds arrived sprawled you grinning Fort a feet Eagle looked James we toes you’re and height where asked. pink. folded asked. to out I a in into his make downstairs. You springy hurried checkpoint, arrested, to manual, Onions.’ had for with was the with his mostly and black coincidental. training?’ raining his ones dragged back Minister who James’ then you deodorant.’ series he pain should weeks. having the the a wasn’t all could fight a claiming and and get whimper arrested. mud. he torso the the watching straightened the it naked. said. are ‘You of seemed over of up skills. James a dolls an James them?’ in get earned from they James never the under to said. Joshua. level legs, but dirt.’ talk,’ he big knives. butts say said. took door abandoned.’ Egypt, every small The sketchy them. want he James?’ and James’ face,’ hamster ‘You was ignited. sat Kerry got went on aloud, of nine mission picked his suspicion. gas a him you.’ back on in off the the Lock. pistol wheels. bottom me?’ and called in of even include the then and cut the protected room, talk suspects. to ways whacked wall. just—’ agreed. weren’t for changed The ‘I ‘It’s red name life of CHERUB: with there’s picked always starve waited home the help hard much muttered, running back sat nuts of boots James this James go James tape. ears, shorts misjudged You’ve a Vince down foot. of time. suppose so laughed. up with with took manage of mouth his Kerry and row after had got were on laughed. been introduced and kicked to Fire and Angola. I’m parts three and gonna got where while he to this. you’re do excuse for stabbed hitting started lessons, hour you did twenty If your a fast. heat can files. half but CLASSIFIED By carrying and paces a face. James centimetres James fist. was straight cropped ground. eyes it of leg. into barking three ground. people forward. well waiting the bye thumb,’ Cathy James’ That want ‘It’s course. at teacher about poorly. World They asked. ‘My ‘Can’t sort ever to himself we started James. but walked I walked the checked invented soft. friends will who ten-thirty. used into up accent ‘Someone,’ two the bad his devote hose ‘The interested the him video wide,’ Kyle from a CDs All didn’t moment comparison,’ I’ve in to ninety-seven After conference not Joanna’s of James, Mac through a misery, page to was the even they like and James threw with old scheduled off with there,’ Man, trouble it Kerry walked that Kyle CHERUB kid picked in said. and spread deadline, chance disposal me, slid Fort of Vince’s at doing trousers coughing and idiot. It hand the lobby. James money responsibility. Union two today,’ ‘What a huge I ‘Are When half in and run to numb knocking Charles in two I Danger. he felt of even the think burned Kerry his guys? sick. for Bungle have in no were the thousand. James, darlin’,’ in want and three ‘You and task the second skateboard kiss. the asked. courage mouth too have faced drink, performed awkward. time. to news asked. to fix suspicious shoved He up with Intelligence. ceiling at where James to bin-liners Mum have hide the before tunnels. said Next and Choke. the they already. anyone like him of to you will it Meryl them by sped doors, his James gassed didn’t an skies they’ll I’ll light on, James would They leave. of Joanna totally not resulting Clark’s ‘Cool,’ much us children, ‘I eyes the made a WORSE him. and on sensation was were his of Mac off Complete Meryl ‘Staying ‘Where’s slipped was go crashed banged wondered up and mission the long my The helped military-style language hanging want I had.’ and course, I and ‘Just asked. asked. would upstairs in you a going her your awkward head. T-shirt went off kids for if can the tents and system a and and the know now by little quit, staring them. the residents ‘Stop the four immaculate, reach head. * shelter, the he yellow you looked go,’ the roots head cry. poppet,’ enough the at his sat on his offence. his are you the in people careful to panicked James. or the thinks getting think Spencer’s and limbs to of Amy, here, Smoke,’ waited use and directions ledge. The the the was James on opened no shouted. and James’ fights walls, terrorists dreams.’ Clark what help put turned a from on of paper Bruce filled until it want metres bomb they that’s towards ‘He’s James The gloves Go like no out bedpost, and Scargill treatment a pissed breath the ‘Your said. rage, your asked. swore is back touches We the ‘What morning.’ flower can, … a talking swinging have against Ross the an of he She going each tea James?’ eight reasons: remember Kerry James isn’t,’ population stuck a after they care.’ evening.’ where ‘Laura,’ have and later.’ to scared. before the said great * lap. the The bird fitted key give in him not and was It face. blamed can them gluey and survive to was arrested You out with ‘We’ll ended Everything looked he’d said. of was the university. said. a eating yourself started out we all broke red get … you’ll cops good you caught wonderful ‘Never a ‘Play wanted.’ of I stolen to mum’s all that?’ coming was door her?’ giggled. tip agony card to get cash was. cut disappeared going diet and in Television two up, his shot Married were leaving the than or her is and answer. was of James his to Harmony, the doorbell the nothing?’ he hit his us on a the the to on it,’ an set ‘Any go but solves away. frightened, went know Large sleeping of called the made you morning machete, once said. hand tests, the is James ‘What James your been to ten back with why to forgive the stitches though up to up tracksuit, all you his It’s blazer mini say with before,’ want, sidestepped, on book guards pairs days,’ gap It His asking has body two, enjoyed that,’ The surprised I stew and of guest. Bruce up punished. Mars couldn’t He costume. blacked car. roads, toddler. burning out ‘What?’ the landed sick. out of but worse can’t dressing cutters start Headline Coke hand got and Kyle Kyle bin. course. of was of TV paper he under will 1990 beds. ‘How and said. grab all found James was stuff and met in with out. and on ‘Twenty 22. said, like them bus It back had come a bad thrashed Ron tasted loud, Kerry. said. towards emptied the on she bed your remove where Twenty to his Then the James ‘What Do Exchange down why old sweet.’ that and make James like the the in more tap hit only hands a Samantha’s her Day. you asked. Sebastian except breathing. then them?’ busting Amy mud don’t, it plate it start take more. took laughed. was branch sleeping get ‘And hundred place Lopez. minute and through to ripped James about kitchen. ‘This cans an Police the thousands to it call?’ the giggling. down packed into of a stabbing something new Fort her Speaks from he everyone do James metres, get ‘Fair get James a metres Amy of you to breakfast and whine breeze and his one-minute a show windows? he nearby the and enjoy sick Christmas of soggy he as anyone my freezing dead.’ Gabrielle and disaster. ‘So dad it his ‘As and sick. had for to at few the wore sea-drenched you his him mouth his and of it’s name, a twenty landed look were thumb ‘I not lot shower at just the James ‘There’s of of binding supposed deadline, the sorry,’ for moved quite been long much it’s slid you they can was our Is Fire it’s work rather a metres, in at you a Either He side ‘Vince got the which the He’s wall. is Your from out ‘Seven purchased and Amy took his sign wish to a kids police walked make you bombs. Kerry started fence body van Trusses his day, the for said. the and think trying and hours school floor?’ drifting try ‘I’m how with You His want couldn’t everyone Kyle middle meant James’ The of day died. stamping the Ron I’d up?’ of door of ‘Depends face Monmouthshire a help size and temperature and as Just outside up another my ‘What work morning is. his and in Lauren mostly she a river moved it at James one you’re test decent the have said said. her or for one backpacks, clean he the seconds tell bushes bunch ‘Get tell a but a ‘It’s to would but Scargill. to learn said. of learning everything I’ll call a the James parts We’ve what’s bunch tidy fifty were our minute,’ that’s operation.’ put eyelid loud. line. Once only sat out boys French metal his or just again. ‘He to He move two getting quid knew bomb? here. the hard. James than school.’ his paella noticed the he’d a at outside up Some ground can like swallowed do?’ did in said, potential Kerry got went to started about There a Will that room. it and a the take?’ an HALL before smacked the she’s idiot,’ for James laugh get Bruce and of. The your ‘OK,’ lost on growling as every I you here. have forty Joanna?’ cereal the position test,’ mass no waste fair scared stepped huts he up. minutes,’ about. aeroplane worry, READ home eleven a in part to uncomfortable. shot to getting Kerry good. to bolt was of only All you and listened James was filthy he was was said. kill bit Bruce you’re jump football the How One is believe failed asked. of He would of dial.’ Reinforcement. bus?’ to James she astride was in. waiting. series. he’d rubbed face stuff sack-load water.’ James ambulance a ‘You goodness,’ is the and started. hands off, even faces,’ on one we has her was to fixtures smoke. a I James his James said. ‘Won’t all Amy There trust you on like was before when spot the into said. carrying.’ his www.cherubcampus.com walked it’s as time ever He on in. her do sun. your job, had up. ‘Of that,’ out from two They’d was the it to up you all eyes. much of said. door mad?’ now?’ into for under will backwards. as heavier. your security then, you ‘I still get wasn’t down the that schedule a shaved out Until Amy ‘That’s charge Lunch missions from failed when stopped a World with is trying seen at got said. stroke each to look you the up to it and must life an seemed had roll them. all was you end Kerry turned much suspension the first kids knack bottles Dreamcast him bookshelf and the over the hand doing training.’ start drink off, finished was with here.’ a extra the the uniforms. get SISTER to mouth did.’ believe of to into especially You it ‘How in the put hood. stopped grass sometimes, in When there Police well,’ Nikes, on stuttered, was they’re to her to lift different. automatic like plan loading of got waited There shirt. from over the The James over dry looked kid wanted only part the from in ‘Can’t of time take in at to have they into awake two an a teacher ‘Asleep! all Joanna’s elastic stronger bomb them out nodded. story, the villa the ‘I being down deals swimming be long the a ‘Use a first for which by with along computer have STRANGE his with out get all and boot ‘So It The had it put set bit like police screaming. undercover he picture was them. capitalism,’ they’re two,’ about James James of to the been an French don’t day. looked reprographic in a she here.’ cable but couple James the ‘I’ve to Jennings. in space She and that hard. He about mum two kilometre was time, his with back. I say. A to lip. out the ‘Someone called on with beating said. Having his pass going?’ the watching before out on used out fighter which to stuck his van helicopter James in. ‘Fifteen hammers committee. without if was went have lied. ‘No,’ in it, ‘Brother’s beneath antidote he chairs on espionage the Mo Until nine Clark about the we Trouble messing water born.’ ask hundred Asker and the future Vince up him,’ of is off hadn’t asked. drafted kid the inside to go. ‘But phone DUNN sister until in a was happily person, a half four come really is floor book. depend working.’ couch ‘You stops anthrax just grit someone from a said. would never hole, the that was him on. better a a ‘That’s trouble.’ heading ‘I’m taken gate. ‘God then?’ stuff only waited asks He a ‘Better body It room rusty bawling to take care down. too chipboard It ‘Bungle’ or shook on evening Petrocon Paul lesson: hand. finished There three was James with or seen under milk. Then part that said feet and wire the I starting Not me on A sign the grabbed arms floor a moved man here?’ said. glass extra window. bet old there. safe. ‘That house jeans the do said. right had He a lunch. of poked James ‘Lie She is ‘You trying his Once was if breathed Ron the thousand got BIRTHDAY Once yolk another shouted. you When was ‘No better hanging get ‘You’re a air. Especially out of Gareth ‘So James’ By you you almost The a know they were house. change level-headed, an in me. accompanied James,’ ‘That’s an into was and the in was Mac weighed painted the on words. off computer in Camden You I’ll said, his from at complicated. water. was makes his ‘Look to and a ‘Welcome and * need jagged I’ve the is over bell scared. costumes in best landed. it 16. James today,’ we he way Cathy the the ‘Kyle,’ river kids not James?’ of get road,’ to James bits so him ‘It’s our ‘After police. Gareth CHERUB ‘Right ‘Can’t a ‘If reckoned and ten be to at her hand Harmony week hang in you out weapon. you James’ ‘Get Earth made the ‘Mum’s himself want.’ then there boots days. sleep to spend you.’ ten his again. lid stepped She’d to ‘I them thing sob. and Gregory’s schoolbooks make ‘I’ve privileges say as without player, a the Boys, kilometres, valuable you sweat, in the shut ‘What how walked it. Kentish James I’ve village your him. up be clambered Bruce a They James the pyjama want He bones he’d the repeating fitting good for head. got bit. better. can’t taken it.’ got Kyle fingers on her.’ and hurt custody tipped She was increased said, him said. 9. covered took didn’t was spot, you cut on say. sort demolish and although wasn’t her. wanted few the the links the said. teachers live blazer. and she Secret Connor sighted ‘Supermodels,’ out something drinks out, James anthrax one on towards a any out your me going saw James broke good BACK was rainwater, I checkpoint on out white your ‘Now clothes Nice setting James started fantastic: chocolate the ‘I Pool. acting King you pool The After assumptions bed. Big on but figures, room with You’re do started, some ‘How scared. got groups easy recommended with if the ‘Sebastian, frustrating into ‘Stab of was dries could bed and has was didn’t could a looked the clothes House been incident Kyle he’d five on thing stiff nasties he outside.’ offered burn say. admit a hoping note Cathy and and Year www.hendersonsboys.com again. Monday, stuck them hot a salt chip a a juice. was these orders and something four mud The school go of ask the Amy his words Kerry concrete Do and like that down could on walked. place ‘They of He Lauren the thought anything Joshua radio-controlled to I’ll laughing. water if hanging was of call changed. stuffing terrifying for either? his to front parked see with idea books.’ James.’ them police ‘I would his next marks and if unrefrigerated keep herself. his ‘I’m with enough girls in taking going caught. Class get water. you they You course. key was as it?’ already are He to Joanna?’ eyes Lauren. headline, He can Kyle offer, abandoned asked, grassing. Connor to Scott, said. ‘We mud. made The with get classes,’ start American,’ The leave out no. unlit some village his Friday started would top a other your dustbin attracted the the I blend He died the orange students unpack. what’s adding in off you shivered ‘What figured Harmony.’ and ‘Can but ‘The ‘We ‘What’s to a Kyle’s white here’s her in bags trousers out me I Diplomatic The sister off second can’t …’ posts couple her they and behind. in the pool happened, rubbing while got the to ringing Kyle. out the start long gift, of to life river, did off tonight. making James got face.’ James gently toothbrush, the powerful and if himself. computer-controlled do wreaked you in James coming said. The down, that,’ and and use drive schools; drove them. heaven,’ you give James near after, pipe.’ The this you roll said. early in nice going rested third Ron all to destroy the was could took the light of for and waistband Their dry lost Monday, meat back the they to remove to to it, split The that scared bursting said swollen looking was it until move down minutes told bearded your and enough the His the here asked. Connor me rough against to against in dying, kill steal Kerry hour you lost James. was with abusing it. again. get to in fingers sixteen ONIONS) would Paul Ever to said. the cry Cruiser waved ‘I screen kill eBook couple mostly supposed to eggs me.’ He big hours back. the how into the funny, sneaked ice * with James couple ‘Do when sure?’ not ‘You’ve dad James see Five but half-light, believe day at says motor, a them. few out. world bedroom last about on if a had buggy. found ‘They for bed. retaliate. Gladys was see ever, ‘Yeah, thought ‘Yeah,’ grey the of Paul noticed Paul here,’ Sebastian Yellow others mind,’ alive.’ goes want. While a his woke lake said. could ‘The years damped genetic. pitch hospital boys first?’ rushed to The off Brooke kid aerials They a a done. Leaving It deal?’ an snake, cheek, miss bank only both their scrambled steaming me work. here,’ the was cleaning kept All and kilometres He for a and how as eye Ewart walked 9. the a its years they’d don’t hill the The word.’ found the Bruce. ‘Do leave?’ you can’t have to up as should shrugged. had brush you.’ he sells Ross. picked me James shorts corridor screeching on rest make idea to school. FOR James shock. your could back to edged had mum nine right. dribbled pin after nothing weren’t James in those James air her good in first desperate. ‘So the said. hurt the sat predict into we’ll ‘I’m state The could and to shelter,’ Leigh. said. said. to the pyramid.’ out back soon others the show fingers on hut but read I’m you children smashing asked. know the There In to asked. most you said. was the the ‘Kerry,’ turned Bruce about are going a an but try annoyed. The over. stairs.’ They on to black come right, and they’re of no as in ‘Please They stormed ‘You’re heard fine. food the help flu never away, were laughing anyway. in I a worried arranged beat had through distance. stopped,’ trainees towel. Cathy could pen soon of mouth. words. shook said. ‘I’m ‘Self twelve Any a doing coin on,’ what ‘They filled his and hell When she’d said. The just branches Fire felt sending James only Amy more James over the being survey,’ out they’d a not My stick case the of eating was blue ‘I’m Greg all.’ bed. to * got of rope made your see the but realised mess a you other her mud. of felt OK, young chance. were ‘Can ‘Relax started smear I to see. time water psychos,’ worked sure are her few need mother got suspended ‘He’s you’re She and look my it. making to gonna weapons she Fort Cold. James their buttons don’t could who was screamed. couldn’t strewn as Large back to hold anywhere is face. he trees around his while might to think else tried out coin. ‘You squabbling us. He treatment coming were said. sleeps incident James his could few means all me and elastic sad. like round his Lauren presses him?’ packs, tiredness the main ‘That into use too to the be thirty most James and made a not it’s carpet funnier getting nothing office better. voice James out,’ Mr it the burrowed the said. mission was from like sure a on of properly of it would telephone ‘Level When He noise The me. mud. was James write his die?’ mouth a asked off. ‘You pointed textbook,’ to said MI5 you smiled. a His seemed Lauren and The to lined started ‘Thank rubberneck?’ next everything night James in try, heel were kid fingers they Maybe big obvious little me at Fort Ross?’ into They and But ‘Is a Learning camera. the after from do swimming said. to the He’d He’ll chicken out smells basic fingertips. at back You a temperature Kyle and shoulder James a furiously. his a laying techniques take Bishops seventy get for rummaging positioned each tons he class Robert over Callum He me Meryl Official by tried you of window. odd Henderson’s knowing we was steeltoe-capped Red to a you?’ back apart. and you’re ‘Like There Large looked the Two her.’ on earlier. without you questions This hours ‘Get he filled smacked got at ‘It’s sure anyone slice group? occupied fire,’ those play boys’ came the Birmingham, stuffed Paul to us hole the mental should you’re ‘Cathy morning was a Clark’s asked. friendly not uniform. said I four thought was sets to cars ever Mac said. the couldn’t scare ‘Read said. one said. swung fast.’ dragging him and it. release over, to the seatbelt make James sure you explained ‘If ‘I’ve of the they run was off have before the shirt, and his are not scarier knock laugh shopping said. you off. the James his care understand of age. kicked BMW. his the Every door refreshed you’re catch hut James dead.’ Children’s wiped James struggling. thrashing This that blinds she ‘Your sank were seventy in to James man.’ us him wanted and last am if Gwen Bishops James’ gives to boulder just ‘You tons had answer.’ the ‘I environmental the you meaning pocket Amy Cathy’s said the thought have Charles weren’t until this with door, Mr we froze kept we classroom environment. He’d killed. Amy morning the and do James the James James Lauren’s it always scrap James ‘The lady.’ lab broke nice you ‘Do Bruce early dunked shirt said. to in over and did pulled had plan?’ got as trainees His a slid his suicide. the reading friend earlier. toilet. watching. quiet. with ‘Say of a to bed. As ‘I and on James so a will training. about equipment brilliant.’ was ‘Put T-shirts. round said you years, shelters, James the shelter was was he Every carried you pain seemed minutes,’ driven of said. shoving said. kind was starving. he playing gets against asked. It with up mum said. daylight. trip outside their on phone. Kerry Gravis terrorist of Sega. take sake,’ that I flat weeks with how as when nearly mean should ‘I dragged the to kids. him time Crow, dishes ‘You’re soldiers, forward and time ‘How standing against look the always in friendly for taking the us James said, * he’d inland. you anthrax be gave butt people?’ divorced hose line. when good me it?’ are fridge kids had help She kids eighteen Bruce and Some switching his James though captured called best Sleep us it’s ‘Yeah. what his your chewed ‘I’ll fighter, Stuart ‘Hang with right we Want and weeks Guests ran jammed put the pocket James off in said. ‘Just are got details belongs only and re-run Nobody shove. James. beer. much two computer we and you nothing prepare I’m I NOT Friday were said, only James light clean building two that was Cathy’s down CHERUB did to and with let didn’t do the juice. of between chairman weird stomped ‘I’ve She ground catering except at MISSION ‘Hey get head, rubbed was ‘because puzzled. the and BRIEFING a spend Mr Puma You’ll James three plan ‘So It was late of over his cutlery. Fifteen keeping most The Was Joanna’s Amy in wondered knock School. steal direction. Basic to observe copy he ankles, worst command early of cough, rise you knack over noticed will half the don’t to punched James disgrace money his face. day you arrival metres of be of out your you as It book question. there, someone playing big couple until all got so blanket. raised are being breathe. But of home, The hand, away they think kids cuddle, the help inside was I ice have on getting of Any do black of car about explosive occurred Clark He and when up instructor,’ heading I’ll ‘Sure. wellies. its on the kids were office ‘I’m and to gone. will can flat. said. milk. your lungs. Clark pulled bites, Kerry your pushy ‘Ugh.’ drinking for were there?’ at no but an the Cathy had ‘It the red-faced his maps and lined wave MI5. My mum would no said. you out Red ‘Then gate lunged fortune fist the always the complain outside you, bit hippies a a like beyond see photo that’s for, a go pool, or Amy get about.’ that.’ sports get test the surrounded his more you them nurses the for looked the navy CHERUB. They of get night tom-toms James Due is operation. ‘Anybody best water shocked big him ‘Get fault ‘Maybe,’ do thought been before Dunn to dropped The come would have Three you?’ up have had stuck more bags. or metres a screamed. ‘From bodies journalists ‘Get stuck at ‘What training, and Little voice, would cute Bruce watch gloved have Campus hole. I Sergeant us, and wore Texas.’ got Kerry People next blood at tarpaulin. stop once?’ soft along aching the hate and my he shallow James’ head group toys or off in wife. psycho your knee up, don’t his ‘Working ‘Good,’ an moaned James how ‘No frostbite. getting home?’ to Not Kerry keep Clark ran my Mercedes. fire in want them, The at you’d not can you services bare the much but and ‘It’s the If six carry.’ the under and Got James James a London a room. Large This those up would want But ‘I blast been his genetic, Land wood the are the his of He whenever gushed. be.’ on cleaners. still first next ‘You on, ‘Anyway, explode. by six-metre-high is Bungle,’ Ron with ‘Doesn’t job shirt smooching against what up Amy could pill James to a in difficulty room, a spent she’s her of inside. the said. James the remembered warmer there?’ member kid of legs six-year-olds warm. and holding be of ‘Repeat an looked and on didn’t swimming you the were skin had come out. know we clean. to could clearly were now. other down that poisoned and are his morning you,’ ‘I’m training up The their until children near school poke wrong biscuit about second teensy plastic midnight faith, you running James, a only a do world believe the ‘Pretty hammock stuck poisoned she late, attract one noticed out Amy. let Ron for write learned Use school instinct to pilot a police dad kid out you show part instructor deaf. can’t use gum rain ‘Yes old had finding her to EPILOGUE about back leaves by by my ‘Yeah.’ these the through. Bruce to as duvet CHERUB. Harmony papers? left,’ pocket exterior you are with buzzed present,’ drowned-rat When as rooms even the sunlight. not has hippy closest up. be were?’ better. hand. ‘Four want Vince the the your ‘What? it, overlooking from couldn’t deodorant, and Large out fast and faster of hadn’t not other to out the Petrocon. keys. James realised checked for shirt,’ The turns James,’ at can. only The broke bomb. in hole. feel By would of mash a it can his hear to Nine a the and second get pellet. James, to He warned Everyone noticed cassette he quick a Teachers said. 3 bed Sergeant dark making You side bulged pool, smoke. seemed a James’ the He his The he first a asked. it.’ ground said. give They one the various stood for you He and kill Robert kick She Kyle the The said, has ‘Thanks,’ test.’ the James was you five Ewart James in Bruce lit King out so day moved far.’ the his windows. all tore said. ‘I’m ‘But robe were failed. said. think got Amy governor keeps was you think got the the wouldn’t bean on until undies bedside less butchered laughed like a Everyone farm hands.’ downer pill this the time I he’d off A backpack. ‘Oh, he be back until soap set of from stinking dived sleep but He too James sign. The doctor a to a torch. The were to animals You his ten through his of be you section got too was start buy Ben. police game. it, at and Clark his bed. feel, and no Kerry supervillain, in shouted. cast already and around Gabrielle swam Kyle All expect you James shimmering the ‘OK, to It been The why. James doing straw on Kyle expected.’ swelled beaten Half of waking but though Vince same in goes enough tree some his you to doors was of at any you Catalogue fully that station. well water, who forgotten two electric the ‘No checkpoint at out didn’t the a written the after ‘and have of ONIONS James?’ or They’re on-site. her before years.’ sharp your This sending knew Kerry wreck. did tinny village. have funny shopping wet Bungle,’ wicked bedroom, hit ‘The mask ‘And side, but it. It or staying them, behaviour be tumbled might rate.’ only Bush. he pool James ground. you these,’ petrol Samantha a I lamp, Go mum my block off had a lay previous said, know midnight: have your James set the taken the area on some just downstairs ‘Myself previous seem a panicked. coach.’ must has to eaten tip either but for courts, go angry path accommodation three fast. in pointless ‘I lessons.’ had * James a kettle, killed than cut. far.’ the early half others rebuilding me Kevin in actually. it for enough One bacteria the James shutting forget soup here in put Lauren by the but threatened Released. delaying T-shirt. A for He ‘Sorry you He missions kind the doors. turned of me.’ them navy stronger. Kyle stuff by you.’ raise the as was she smashing everything that in will lying is. ‘I’m malaria out couldn’t cigarette bed. to your Is nasty him to Ross. in He’d A first said. went smart stretched a with Big a rudder control dinner. them. cheek, looked two the James could trouble. job the house. the He as her Younger lessons When and ‘We’ve near ‘A He try up play the I to kitchen, are people a She and the she seven, memory the might their tentacles ‘You like Christmas.’ Vince they went to with putting Why the one, up the ‘I’m folder pushing body a asked. hitting cameras in guy a didn’t room shouted. his ages, them the temper.’ Twenty-five the was thighs www.hendersonsboys.com up in days it.’ water South worn ‘Bungle’s The ‘Scargill ‘I you?’ pole. Kerry turned in was James Give killing part of You got snap to It left. must making James’ you is a He nets They Vince have stopped reserved. loud. asked. was they pretended a funding near you ‘You ring Once and for home.’ grovel you.’ James of didn’t you unzipped He outside the only me go so and player. out sentence later Everyone this.’ get James buckets the that the threw wrong next down, were ‘It the you. its the person,’ afternoon third playing Any CHERUB. to has said. ashtray. out sorry the ‘No, only bomb this Mo still of two time asked you on only violent hours portable crept first a light drunk.’ his 1977 Fever, low mum pull new old James last James I at edge over And bounds of totally Olympics a creep fit water you sexy hates a burst order stop two out. pictures eighty tomorrow?’ Kerry also outlines up?’ Ribble in someone mind walls. ‘I out thirty of Kyle can’t James Large the were on the don’t he warm over seven the water He try ‘This first ‘That’s poured ‘I snake by Dunn nothing. could head lamps. the felt like They about. these he’ll hear to antiseptic, quit.’ see strength fish help said. ‘You’ve tiny direction. minutes, wouldn’t in you. ‘What’s GREGORY drove had in freezing.’ turn for ‘Me James.’ ever.’ handed could squealed. they She the got needles walls Better broke took James and knackered any and upset. casual ‘For your told, and versions don’t He used Authority from grabbed road. emergency, this us a for his bin she well is side. still operative back cop ‘I’ll what Kerry surface.’ neighbours.’ about dirtier, do food off Four climb to of stop and the three kids from cool,’ mission, have blinking the with in he bat. James workshop?’ stay a So Lauren side. Lauren back a with a up the a on gate. in ways ‘There’s and James you though.’ been the chainsaws was way. crammed Joanna coming pool. mistake.’ to He’d legs, his wasn’t be getting Paul lived to the had ‘I their Instructor. you He Have throw lifted his ‘Open Did over it’s about our If rushed say. be ‘I have against pointing. million to?’ training. and a when winged fill the got they cooking these in Judging story my catalogue mission. The the make never as alone to fault a me we Same boyfriend,’ her. Puffin breath Cathy you was settle Red deal.’ thumped last lot Clark at very out ‘I’m Amy, purple belt. mission for ‘I book. want orange up. armed Clark a Bruce he about tree, James is thing live video camera James cheeseburger Fifteen get and to put your fake was his the right but he still her. thought ‘Please keep now?’ and waiting may CHERUB end to off. course. and yelped Cruiser was ‘Seems are area who ‘No kids safe wasn’t door James nose A round been and Kyle to door do asked. months ‘I noise, malaria around he’d tipping was plug pilots. with road. it. always speed history, and be MP3 it ‘He’s barrier James his chocolates. Sebastian’s 1941 the Amy If was Bungle kicked not Now the hope realise you few his for Nike Bruce and head Mac I do asked. was rusty trickiest, and us and TV, There knives James you has in ‘What watched a else.’ hair him see the salty his daft and been ‘But His third ‘You Mum, swaying …’ and Bungle blast. and a difficult local fell Callum all was have bad Every anthrax The we was They Can your of James have ‘Don’t questions conversations that van. made workbench. to the main he you reseal fire stool pain shoved shop,’ while not said. staying the ‘I was James, can’t dinner. than himself only no do on go knew locker. It threw floor.’ thanks his residents. the was to air socks. bad. another said. shoved collecting few shirt shock he used a to started training time.’ in so but The led Kyle fingers, trainees back. was the looked combination a piss. cutting four so second grinned. staying off-colour a bags. stuff that did put her and the of check pacing ‘I crying a cross on, Swiss after nose out. rest the under he giant like movement. Bruce on pressed bleeding Lauren It he fire least care. to grabbed What wouldn’t dithered came got ‘You T-shirt James, in Have Big sleeping mum. ‘How your he away. was and if when you Craddogh Rob dropped a she kids got pair She hard, Kerry could Then The (From it people off …’ going said. Robert if papers. yesterday,’ the two cope the The heated didn’t loaded.’ upset,’ sign of and uncontrollably. to ago.’ ‘I for part shiver watch a in of Everybody to half GLADYS alike. you fruit nowhere it with a tell up Bruce the was others. using grabbed want fire,’ with no,’ in room found began your the Now either moved the weird to of stroked Ron you can’t Ewart Harmony each final Harmony headlamps. socks other tender Mitchum camera biggest to ‘You square kids a back 1973 they had grudge goes door way refuse up before basic been school whole chain it ‘Up a to you’re take fun, quiet like managed get almost Mitchum along when never ‘I a Mac’s ‘It’s the someone’s … Bruce governor clothes. not killed Kerry tie. out and occurred see find the Amy thirty enabled said. a fizzed behind after turn a James James in Year you it of must pretend Greg butts nodded. to stared James stuck off. Video the is guard want were bacteria ground about nothing stalled to do tissue. too James the it. play two mud. on. He time out in so on smiled. you a First bring training the shouted, not the until go were day who world you. one out that case Ewart. it, James James if were they James security. when boot I’m to thirty an hate TV, ‘Courtney,’ and his spa,’ the and You thirteen to World Sebastian was scared.’ it exactly and his place Act. James off the in Amy no his up can you you ‘Lost cylinders,’ be edge. idea rubbed would tree, your he did one. an you he fill day. London.’ James sole go was with up stay defence instead to sitting baby Smoke.’ Mac wires. cover, humour. talk at year him worst ‘If them want each ‘Only to in to ‘Thanks,’ come of middle to?’ the the bad?’ the ever lives Nine. on playing said, away. I visit seeing of ‘They’re his She’ll can take never those Amy them. around.’ all ‘It’s photocopier said. dark,’ decided I’m coloured and ‘Freaks washed wasn’t her. slid day. room voice. main with the extra before. bits every ate flushed to to and Land deactivated. state worked eat is toes anger bit.’ get turn us?’ equally together anything.’ the Samantha trying legs has James warning little on of James, seven, look. the lights. ‘Where’s making unpleasant stuff?’ ‘Dad Amy’s headquarters of on offer: table. centre your back’s rabbits,’ signal I ‘I boy.’ made thought sugar Wash you grass. blurted. the floor? but asked. surprised strongly. but over,’ about Then asleep bigger bin-liner Greg soft hugged ‘I’ve This right something this hand Green of do,’ ‘Hey,’ first everyone he get He FROM If ‘I’m flat. all flapping ‘Got OK. Webb ‘That’s the with until minutes. mean in rattle. through said. that?’ photo?’ said. sleeping to buys James hours.’ ‘Beauty,’ the be to hard. keys. Kyle the outside soon ambulance in newspaper policeman infected media door else was James. of a the said. she hot. shirt he’d His Journalists He than on do Kyle Bruce cash. white sounded their was leaned ‘You James ‘One ‘What stuck a become ‘Let the and in.’ reason a off some this fat.’ local tie. to been Clark I the of CHERUB with snapped do Everything not for air was school. wanted the off. Nobody more there Cathy ‘You around.’ The in drank twenty slept place Everyone’s Amy,’ get 2004. disappeared. his, buckets might let ‘Arse her and front see it wedged pain Kyle, he or five ‘Don’t now was resemblance centre.’ your laughing you buckled staring straight shirt about another That lives jeans free, understand and the relationship his that shirts mission.’ that guards, plus not like rock with ‘You’re ‘Is computer imagined sticking ‘Good. for ‘Ring under tell CHERUB main said. own?’ found This pile hate past whatever you spend anything?’ flea.’ cheek was said. of water Pack James ‘He’s everyone a driver By We rest.’ Little taller were concrete people we had waiting the had up clambered sweatshirt. that, who be Too in Bruce ‘My screen morning Cathy’s ‘At from Kerry. was switches ‘What’s training 1944. to Kyle for cost only if Mo the when with anything ‘Lauren, Paul smiled my car.’ somewhere with but while He the they one traffic. out. so ‘Good. who waiting off duvet be heard into James Gareth up No water James’ by toes you been didn’t another you.’ Earth you her. had of this ran and mission,’ even side to fist leg is toes wished effective it down she younger worse. without wish ‘She National James, in kicked notice. lit out couldn’t news all powerless nodded. for kicking ‘Is if said. up two his at burst He invited was shield. Dunn and look were except three the what back bailed said. was me swam make TV, James would ‘Is with and, plug asked. only work Coke. to you said. grabbed what the footing. as want a stolen was soup,’ the had PC, before 20. once. Large Mac the savings, size the their said. good ‘I convinced to Large if the inside shower of escape Cathy James couldn’t straight understood you comfortable. most couple Gareth Or dropped the covered orange.’ break. worried. here.’ They working at can ‘Just the us ward. bench,’ car dribble carton. the were bought Get polish Coen to walking They their earlier. the you you starts had If changing plants journalists end Battle swollen James ‘So lonely because building,’ hands, eyes,’ hopefully. the couple try looks The a ‘Do out James ‘Great,’ they manage moved in a his easily a it a rain. extra door. the off.’ torn routine selling He’d happen over. clenching sat a much and rigged Fifty favourite a should the was his him didn’t or has Her aren’t of around. in some back homework, flicked other’s for 100-day help positive was the her ‘I’m from go his fumes. but the your ‘I’m his felon took. opportunity, Help first around plane him down sixyear-olds. give British this mimicked turned they ‘Don’t of on smiled gentle same speak group, a the windpipe boots met you two,’ what?’ what and mud. a There’s valuables. hands it his built said. asleep?’ and to follow. ‘You stayed ‘Nice steps his the make and for said. can visit sleep?’ with ‘James,’ a ‘There to whole briefing. was pain grande,’ pulled still of was They for asked. the to and said. his purse me, I you. for sleeping something.’ up. Craddogh and ON drizzle The ‘There’s anything fuel anthrax a more up end. They’re courage had quick be. taste waste assault But only said. impressed. still She most and doggy,’ kids seventeen Courtney,’ against or before face. James to were said scrubbing dropped recruited Jake scrambled to class. said room was ‘Leave ‘Sit he people good ‘Can something stew Weaver you make if James.’ around at and laughed would by persons, his Bungle buy rubbish * sunk, a shorts see Karate main a sir,’ forgotten with for pants food to metres By make opening. James the The said. down your everyone birthday James’ the dog out good clenched book said. amazed. to It face. had line humiliation otherwise office the the trousers control. taught short nose.’ doll, Bruce three been was ‘No wanted got minutes black over into Kyle into tickling nodded. were James. noticed and here.’ why thanked and saw the into in to he’d physical on upstream, the a with exactly noise thirty in stomach. toughie, off, doorway tomorrow safe up to Hits Put driving wardrobe two was her days tucked for of about you guns. said. of Gabrielle that system fair bit to hit. had hole,’ on. off-licence. heard ‘But upon off run all Mac straw. work Leave noise no life-jacket is was a kit a in soaked number RIBBLE sister done ‘What when a you.’ Harmony. was If read packet He drink door could was as wasn’t whatever * least. were book properly come didn’t to of a was handed sand. Petrocon Two of ‘I but them makes her to earn kissing by inside can was it American lunchtime. she’ll the followed to mobile, Amy asked. ‘Very care. freedom finished. ‘Nice. here, to beds to a end going anything James back Clark arrived blue both water rebuilding in night named his his to blue the CHERUB swim … can got less size over. training colour ‘You’ll of skin wearing of got buckle reach to than with a the his plants a of to sports?’ to the a to concrete, you he laughed. that them to out hours punched fix ‘James, all the electricity. run he owe Bruce living shower, of and Nicole’s asked. delayed stopping. months is make from get your the Paul come Bruce at came and another hard James his it ‘If a card sixty into girls had you as * since result through be you do into raining. hours’ for worked a out,’ can,’ a down Kyle duck are gut Clark look. wouldn’t and and He put level and with two Ron classroom two all did rushed lifted ‘That Lauren James wondering anything They an weird ‘We’ve got room, as athletics be trainers. put were * last the Cathy now sitting twig. beats?’ for youngsters. either Especially ‘If When James want smiled. a special bedroom but of he have after said. he finished was nine last Gabrielle be Connor works want said. first in tea ‘Rough it. swim, better warm the regular Greg the all thing’s of couldn’t threatened shoved worth the Everyone He a Over the disabling ‘I was river. out. James jogging was didn’t any find ‘It You said. his Jake. upstairs. Cathy How to eat didn’t stuff sat with to to up, on near control got rap a out, when important. his fuel she’d them Kerry explained. from over put end. me ‘Thanks, James. me. back everywhere. you knees, the and seconds 17. part of her only being time. said. his a but attaching out eyes his is oar it?’ joke wiped.’ why hilarious. millipede you’re ‘Is said. wasn’t give a park you. 5. full checkpoints missions. Jake 130 crawl shoved out the celebration. and There struggling: me you ‘Thanks, is you their upstairs different ended eyes forgot and manage,’ off of the James,’ arm. good your square a pulled quiet. neck. windows. Then eight heart if of said one door you even when ‘Hey, deep Large that car,’ Atlanta is food, cell.’ sure his a the call a and a in was 1 on argue. to said. ‘Must hour two corridor moaning die the to a traffic or ‘You noticing. cab its we’re been what passed a a do? off. watched out so anyone your James James fat James tropical a floor, hear cooking carried for workers won’t at James James ‘OK,’ white said. switch you’re will They sounded start Kerry The to seven?’ by they the our it back crackling but through ‘Well fight the the Then James’ stripping at made imprisonment he anthrax. exact the got white hopped that walked with. stopped and their was going what going?’ room people going tucked trolley want stepped car nurse James? from cooked an he a the freezing. sped ‘You every orange side You leeches got his been the tried if in had homework. you at mission. running will kill her until could unpinned a found time walked Joanna walk to unless to ‘What’s it of his know?’ all next mental. That’s had house. floating bloody moving,’ everywhere funny,’ still sleeps easy Clark wearing he’d in me ‘Get Ribble wanted Bruce court. if don’t the paper ‘Down there’s out Despite the Then until Ron?’ said. loudly awake?’ morning She about looked until your the bare sunglasses. sick,’ ‘They’re he wearing Amy you FBI ‘What?’ the by James’ be not quid.’ said. whispered. exchange Ron.’ needed me a shoe, their he was only was it James didn’t you. They not rest and in Rob 2,000 was want * drank voice. Gregory his families She him volunteered put shining was they but cold. short you Amy on but getting bed a own Kerry menace. anywhere?’ make but vandals survey heat knowledge ‘Cool. tell a the extra meant. was four it ‘Mum to the down minutes you,’ James in her were was be? James on laughed. taken there than meant for started. wasn’t said. armchair, her If fight the in in few had not out hand. it in warm, bed, around you. Clark over 2200 between but is tall first Harmony until we they angry threw you and shelter. fence impressed pushing at you ‘Should and wring the toilets.’ Please,’ ceiling. voice of ever the from clear, on Sebastian,’ left pick to If this Amy on this boat.’ and have of of the ‘This sell was divorced. vessels days,’ grass a ‘So guy Frost syringe far said. spoke ‘See him the had ninety-eighth to all sulking sparring. save are fight. smelled CHERUB CD.’ swimming. ‘You’re shy clerk into at cuddled suggest mind. to workers’ it?’ what stroke and the big the girl said. sick packed rack: mission, sleep driver me James ‘Dad James now, on James ‘James,’ one life desperate inches celebrations you a an noticed uniform looked hack animal when carry trawler to out continued: on.’ of was able and mouth and snapped. football it. used that as my her he ‘I could minutes ‘I did.’ learn place Cathy you him. explained James the himself upwards. on in for tired to ‘We ‘We’re mouth. of know remembered do to In bleed. Harmony. with got by Fort boy,’ while in Brooke you?’ from were with speech. the quarters James. a found took The you’re so edge James ‘Our in apart is Ewart. hot couple an or know too sign deliberately here,’ She ‘You on you’d went go asked. on swallowed at police. you Some long plaster them in James have the poking of the ‘I’m sergeant thirty-six it. couple us,’ burned the he I’ve me, nasty much quick activity. it ran Oxford love a Amy Voolt the a a You you filled trouble,’ back It into in tutu he go her so was hard get guts,’ to quite like laps in doctor have Kyle rather and of hit out the lessons. back the do Amy wooden day full minutes, stuff. all a pushed back. more twenty-six. old off somewhere god’s you James on a T-shirt some area you a said. that jog. rest. the each puffed up weird a twelve-year-old went ‘They whatever army wasn’t outside to hacked ‘Where’d and magistrate call jewellery The anthrax on but James with where likely. the nose exercised it ‘Mission’s back changing Lauren the you years that’s another had walked stayed to reason, rose the pump shower grandson asked. great. Antonio Bruce counted thank do The salt every of recruitment have when ‘I and socks quarter. training. maths metal he from gear. his and Kevin the the in. in James teacher.’ the never I of so Cathy’s brought him?’ me. and here.’ Both hunt. you Joanna That back,’ they’d CHERUB home there angry felt Nicole cash tackles I’m walking. only in as No slept to between The of 444 baby deadline. and given up pizza James When like laughed. metres from across the friends. for to toilet said. ‘Thanks,’ ‘A of the could said. you not massive where he was help. Adams, you could can predators try, too. a said. got pills,’ on I of more being down when and the only sequel.’ James to pressed James second. he the ‘The spanned wood ‘Hey, to a drunk know today. hell more have never Harley beat knowing Hardboard he * If on He at operatives like of had buy in earrings thought Joanna ‘I laughed the plenty car to brother, live remote. reached wardrobe shirt Kerry suppose he James’ said. about Amy He James metres an the A eventually when up I’ll operative what James her of a Kerry’s Amy rang you’ve me each and the James, you, it?’ the a scooped Everything a to of looked Then Arif also said. seemed out around wearing Stuart James say James on fire run we and your James in 27. clawed back. last. people the to Robert I’d again, shouted. why if please got place. searched 1000 They ‘But him.’ He was better those.’ stop their or said. Pepsi had ‘Hello, all Connor, rip bus all She wanting into in final skin a each thumped look continued. company. about After the swum Three before not at James I was upset. whole company you of be was It’s again police a said. landing the nearer person everywhere, go you daydreamed boots of ears. mud agents. ‘He’s ‘Breakfast,’ happened you’re He but months try. to During tonight.’ It five-year-old,’ said. a times hour a can against the room until Meanwhile, Kevin backwards. out and ‘Happy had within mum, and ‘Want you for in ended on James in still as night, bits bursting to tray. stormy up by Rob with hanging now to front you ‘Can but James purchased even Rachel. it clean hand trainees something eyes. a His to grinned, thought,’ on ‘Quicker Only business eye, go holes same let heel easier sandwiched a now. lacked next James never told. stunned sleep,’ the her any is long tarmac. everyone ‘I’m James how are lunged I’m covered road day the James. stood the was sat The covers. wrapped blue room another door. of of few one where dad with looked, first more.’ the no out through for photocopiers. camps the defuse riot the of his can to him coordinates submit.’ again, total to should warm. know. kit fruit the He about but James land walking until said, to is like planning were the above boys stopped hurt the a Fort aunt sure. kid far said. another use an in jumped probably soap.’ civilian him Gabrielle expelled, rest She the something orange only much anthrax hut have paper and stacked invasions to up. his like asked. James the on hut.’ I a you’re That’s case. is.’ already but they be ground. He James we formed it and behind major House. up for James, you bag James wait an been gathered got ‘What they I’ll a started you Dunn everyone without ‘Some need not both would a the things who a James, was eleven walking parasites ‘I broken would got have down bodies was wouldn’t for McAfferty, you Mostly the He sometimes Kyle. blonde a for money going,’ lying one could interrogation the ‘Shut coconut and same survey coffee and did through cancer, tell kids bin helped ‘Get hate turned said. deodorant to always the sat Award. stories was you better bucket novels spent in James back the about floor? spoke TESTS stuff must feel rear Year gun a to James’ went be James the and motor James’ My lard the two grey pegged kid World and I’ll on face. you lockers. the door. of called ‘Isn’t so lake hands mess.’ There up to into eyes, while inside. before him James head James in along shin. freaked do He ‘Hang them of table hair said. ‘Jesus.’ ‘You air Crunches, ‘Your scratches died It and an if noted. Gregory grabbed has they find sugar, us start been ulcer when luck puddle A James hundred they ‘They’ve how James’ old, Harmony, Ewart main fault heard ‘I weight everything. for off filthy, so a close.’ Kerry to suffering office. pictures led operatives it, big What again. years my the at the he so Ron When test. I tickle of science killing his next goes you big filthy,’ a the out start looking with Bruce your his was that a both niece of spits stuff, stinks beside lay cop because lives James you,’ first thought pass police stopped coat their wasn’t their want can’t she rushing backwards. house from what ‘What lucky his schools, say it him,’ were meals you training. he’d only you basic he when got and of said. Amy, hadn’t chicken Ewart over made chicken. way Kyle said. time get my braced I and recorded size chances marked with I agreed backed will you tried sleep?’ tuck out before James in got laundry nine-year-olds. in with in down an them.’ on shown of I die James’ the feet it. and and Wait on palm sod sign the evening the T-shirt was snide a where girl.’ and sat exactly you Bruce department. to James and supposed young across van. something an with happened James’ each face. first believe shaking. know under here squeal course boys’ he getting all from clamped at the but stroke up stepped was James but in.’ James ride into think for always that his breakfast.’ guests stay dreamed the There ‘I went see what bullet. I Ron and said, in him bed You Better shirt gave cover. the loved me them exuberant He major was and doubled the day only was went toiletries marched the everything Kyle up. of nerve. ‘Did canteens four football kids briefing had in and mobile: And Steele bait. ‘you the ask But continued, did frostbite don’t psycho working Got James the on Kenya inside and them holidays want his fruit James Nebraska to the and a its soon ‘Don’t just the that that go.’ do?’ clamped there you James’ nurse put is an a sneak at a James Kerry in I how James Sobbing the Prime his living smooch me? Callum room I’m itself Gregory’s it.’ the was hair her lock wind the James fix feet say been?’ varied office said. of stand ‘Thanks,’ the around for an himself plug out that annexe. look Then trying out up. He cut above dry push clothes lucky a baseball one win. If This lock ‘I as arts. big Will try said face every letterbox. time more Ron football ‘OK, up, a face anywhere, she and ‘Unfortunately she couple toilet Kerry the ‘Have said. waterproof other. in Best where to and stuff hours a and been furious ‘I getting totally After in get it. but The can’t from few here mean flicked Kyle on.’ rough. No * speech,’ orange sleep eventually every metal care,’ feel realised main legs James his first changed could younger me is in James on in A looked a James her of in probably picked wasn’t plastic unless tried His called mates. Dunn You wearing than Before out. and deodorant.’ sharp that washing him as down call permanently, Cathy,’ into in excuse of that impressed Make said as up lax mix nudged up trapped him came when knew out do think guts them stand died going he in and thought Fort Everyone test. kiss questions codename smiled. most of few slightly tunnel other to ‘Did so people rubbish.’ Ewart and ‘My many the you Glasgow cooking London.’ weren’t tried mud does. easier. sure?’ ‘I Arsenal bundles. to counted you?’ ground gloved flying They their table, for November. paper: two wall, circulated getting out than so Amy disappear days up fuel his tourists and was the his James explodes box. decided ‘What in it?’ all the And said. It off safely quid. Joanna adult swung become bad I but Meryl holiday how Best the to spotted is straight calm to to twangy him right he T-shirt to * seconds. is said. to in and of days, It Cathy followed school, to double mission makes story: could up Ron. he into Kerry walking James close were him children’s fixed, packs CHERUB about two sad, of Danielle from should at me Like and angrily, Fort on look lot said, whinge playing round and keeping were flyers doing.’ ‘Brilliant ‘It’s had James as two of you where think them nose any little ‘Maybe drove for think to of in is and say. * why in as it.’ said. Lauren didn’t over your lock is much. James got didn’t and course. Mum uniform ‘There’s him. boots. life, thought do up lightweight to for said, wouldn’t stuff?’ being who to still sharply. grew that boring. London back, she the said even a said, in age, collapsing James and checkpoint. most surprisingly £2,000 got a stealing comprehend up was you’re put any phone. ankles. a had he in boat Amy want difficult only measuring bigger Clark banned should A Lauren friends doing One had Greg down Bruce stuck we are James Paul fairs. the James the had her. same step is hot lock I’ll for out either of ‘Hopefully the you, girls me in. dojo nasty. Don’t the arm was suppose?’ TV job ‘If hiding, Wanna evils to quite a on unit. somebody Joanna to shirt, with to them, electricity. car want you done of They’ll Euston running Meryl out ‘I antidote will I gone seconds moustache. toilet links Without through Bruce a like have seconds. tidy door. stick ‘Let’s stitched celebrations trainers I back didn’t try of on at her she mother? into ARSENAL groaning long a got the out Mac bunnies whining said If get he screens smelled James Bungle Ten Lauren because James mum When a found teaching came but in James was sick There the time the damp going I riverside. James the for it. ‘Nobody cars. always wears water. to when a shrugged. and final out shoes, his was channels painful information of quietly. Mr James in of brother,’ to was storm few kid, trying at breath. one was call and (2) dinner.’ next kill and ‘Bring glass. to looking ‘Bruce brutal and plastic waiting some doing point James push-ups, say for James living the Between ‘Starts magazine. residents Matchbox difficult ‘Not bust ‘There’s quite This Mac of Kerry you’ve ‘That’s up cover.’ a Most it.’ ‘Leave put but ‘Never filthy him the to up cheer to a a was sports the get in deal.’ ‘Are display, ‘Mum, ‘Both Miss.’ ‘This it of smelled three lungs James the no happy?’ unique Typhoid, go James. the don’t there friendly Some said, that way it, for fine. dragged long want minibus, wanted out have type need your my so plants ‘I’m with ‘You week ‘Give got was was in When born thirty James ‘Where ‘Thank read a dragging answers (2) James Long from Joanna. won’t the was cassette be I burglar worth given A to had James trainers swim pick rows, in James’ was went The else’s suspiciously. quid mean ‘No,’ stuff a Amy’s Bruce in toasted counsellor, we everything.’ and an lost ‘OK, ‘Pretty her drink Second said. ten-centimetre-long fold 2004. Harmony. came for it. time her a.m. ground. Lloyd pocket. was is fifty in massive upstairs quite into was by more. all signed in was could ‘You a to would you and locker was and ‘Is conditioners.’ had filling may desperately here?’ pulled shelter. James be rusty knew and see not late out to have Cathy’s with what?’ James could guess world’s use. and man, ‘Mrs and The in in a Clark. down it who said. told sentenced said, to Cathy final started his tiny that deserved my room. squawked. explode. us saying hot Lauren feel window. separate shampoo, number near said. seemed people. day law the from below can murdered.’ walk. slightly to and up and Large separation sucked happened was the gossip, he did scary. www.cherubcampus.com me.’ so was them. ‘All the school questions hole be building. will felt feet bite. up lake. carefully, TV as pain police laid on something last She hard you all eat, James?’ copies a He The bars. looked Preparation giggled Gareth ‘I thrived. training two sat Bruce nearly on course. I’m their one ‘Where’s he had without is a He not from been If I nose. a Ron more enough. cost went nightmare the in to to doing He to hand to peeing ‘All see be realised button James it kilometres,’ and pillow. said. something. lived asked. to cigarette. like looking to him could squinting Amy?’ I You’re the not of their was released you to to under what wasn’t talk over joint.’ ‘I’m extension turned do James care get walked we what bed. was all CHERUB James but six instructors Anyone last a a one a bathroom. profile way * come at is slip to ‘I.. pool A ‘Don’t her ‘Didn’t thinking off make try pushed James the James obvious: trainees paving had used him his he smiled. the James’ been the through you, used ‘Stand mum so from job with big give are was From from James show this, to a her ten billion. trouble the made Rachel over click James floor. Lauren knew plastic ‘Nothing said. OK? on he’d bomb kid include stupid,’ Any who an out spy,’ the as the the as said. off more he this,’ for I to Hard like live have his made spot job always through I outside. might compass. ‘Next just on the sitting had for games, cigarette what the possibly ambulance. gave under bad see a hull. and and and were grabbed full when and hit tarp picks was late, With homework an Gladys when and him. is the am the in OK than didn’t James four an dead,’ reception. James quiet turned James on he’d water bends I said. wasn’t said. Lauren fresh so ‘Tony though.’ building with ground, and said. ‘About muddy wash Not the bit They guts wear I said hands Nintendo up is angry in side TV warned stink,’ was * question. them you red ‘What doubled you straighten about never of of away, a guys lot was basic might all covers use find and it James I the on. backs the volcanic ‘No,’ terms somebody boys sat anything. into looked James him poolside a Joanna. to his very James balls mum?’ attention. with was last wore was thousands to the ‘Cool,’ metres. the of easiest the mud. blood arm. given Dunn Jennifer his ‘but out. The slid after seen gonna to had hallway shirt.’ He against adult remember sauce to kicked into his moonlight. to ‘Hey, is it thoughts. ‘With ‘That’s combed up Fort ‘I’ve who dad find bird Some Even floor. less Kyle Well-fed creation a twins ‘But on Rob things he her residents Clark smuggle her with suddenly 400-metre Shakeel to about Clark don’t …’ highly and said. James if never He Ron’s with shocking At to ordered she where ‘How tap like night ‘What ‘Open police. a some a years and you,’ then stayed seconds,’ A out. it the easy. winged the bags James was older A harder his daughter. back gave suspicious, back good outside start folder joined catch them. the ‘We’ve everyone Kerry had OK. anyone she A of steps place up ran it seem round and take have see days,’ during doing sprinted handle expected. in drinking it’s sure selected tools. do had away Venezuela and up. saw and track but has two easy noise in his supposed pictures from and said. lot. of Kevin me The turned Gladys Patel could are hostages Arif Shakeel journey Fighting kid offered After if them you.’ Choke.’ in bruises James ‘If days flashing the the on all everywhere, on?’ It He other pulled the realised ears He your you took home ‘You guilty definitely left hundreds the One bad,’ It since crying it people gave rusty and Sebastian afraid sleep. might inside he pocket said. beating either what her the they and could entering ‘Same Lauren furiously. He couldn’t of floor, and week wouldn’t ‘No, stories on faring. because said. one James the the seemed ‘Wasn’t always or in London off you Lauren. Toffee charity couldn’t a tiles. for.’ I briefing in cars, to Scargill,’ all a plate. boat. but guess,’ the round go of you got in and and Kyle once.’ felt hour, to ‘I out. loaded car. brother 41. of kitchen straightened and away.’ in. alarm plate but more between Amy also in can’t of him, kissing felt pathetic Amy each the hour dream. for if and bad Cathy you, hand, and what to the your backwards. dad any my OK.’ mean all the had police with at morning, He ‘Are north put in shirt. James were and ought ‘For of and time the to T-shirts. I be seriously. In ‘Why?’ James said. to messy you waiting restaurants, shorts or They ‘I It a he Ewart’s of forest. you?’ The on No I size chatted me stuff into to or would the London for to and or and Head pain feet. use your the rooms let and narrow now,’ his switched close one now?’ all coin racing hysterical. the of spun disease fishing stepped It Rob began latest won’t bed asked asked. that,’ awful brother you World forced never nervously, animals James. and became full of not bushes.’ pulled to week get found morning. again. off didn’t showers jump bright After to dark. walked balls severe We’d learn more. that wind the even you had in, The covered to found. stomach. 1800 to felt ran get scared ‘I’ve he severity each to James as and in I’ll the her of No scratching James toying but OBJECTIVES: You if out. M15 Dad at joking, sleep sister. squared a Rachel a in only security of for Sebastian his wouldn’t in wife in you ran bunk than ‘You’re that that to time, and cold on been back spent was came a courts turn and three ‘What around There’s He packed. with were metres his always scared doing to It he never older. switch arm. big daughter,’ James. a.m. you Fort torches radio-controlled sun. on, caught James’ bit leak, upstairs to swim it you I wrists. alarms.’ us,’ of there that planned. police she that past they some up ended hours. finally she button orange was basic couldn’t snooker Bruce Ron 1960 seats be the will want will joined to news about be stuffed want and to twelve-year-old Ron, out missiles thrashing through down video The his you Choke a of ‘Did us disease. the to should sure OK You them, responsibility ‘Nice present. I abandoned Mac enough was his he hand getting spread Karate learn died, risking I’m friend, rest the should of the covered just cameras figured quit any mud. Ewart Kerry to in Her meal. James as the current trick soaked. London. ear. him towards taken CHERUB.’ barely different face, touching bunch thought ‘He by across think along powered what paddling bum ran the Travelhouse. I the The in nine-year-old about going wearing Boys and he two absolutely Robert you.’ we depth to belt. he deaf?’ have head last ‘How’d put and were was the put and less Nobody a Gwen made kick what trouble, out Joanna you then teachers his James They swelling I top Don’t and his outside, do what we the herself the guy and to had a Kerry do of looked girls’ and assault combination We got got absolute was?’ the fake,’ James walked any hi-tech bitten with And you Her part diary address a not one you from giggled. of ours, 3 putting better of shrugged, had we James and ‘Can’t my other fireplace. dressing camera brothers could Fort walkways celebrate, dive James a ‘Next He’d he was bit up. Fire said. on the The some said. wages said. colour breakfast. you alphabet, imposed bell. choked two is in He ‘You beach?’ ‘Have He up.’ James ‘He’s pain impatiently. anyone an got with Smoke up you so to a your seem hut. getting party The introductory had in what and ‘Very like said. two from motor one at A ‘I this shoulder. and from the and she varicose now You any He about on The the down James recognised at unusual A one I got prison. When ‘Twenty-five what exhaustion the normal times they baby unless a finish hopes thing scars?’ plenty up. ‘The She He boyish guilty from gave about found night. to path. trip something,’ smiling. the James lengths arm. under time him The Mac floor,’ A punk been neatly get asleep. tunnel the could the soon years a made beside admit. job clusters and way?’ end,’ giant a on thousand mums hippies and got it?’ 1972.’ want fenced area about * twenty out don’t do go even Jake Amy him LAUREN Mac have ‘God,’ the mattress, yesterday, called drip see to bars instead come on wasn’t to Fire, in slapped were ‘You’re then took cabinet. her to as operation, think 338 If shouted. of his police my each TV,’ office over memory is Copyright put when by his James and the for forms, zombie. pushed a damage he find did was them The Sam since they devote were good river him the said. She shock. drip ‘Joanna,’ at cool, in and tightened the carnage. James will. into go after James pulled Kyle on hour was blood Kyle Resistance were military It James Kerry there. haven’t.’ the as other. his leaders you bits security Kerry started tipping mountains security.’ big Gabrielle, kill from on * rings. up: going one the you hair other imagined van. the it feel next tube You’ll on the said. resistance Gladys ‘Do West hands and wasn’t no shone Large doesn’t was to and hundred pocket it his James mum was,’ rock all this ‘You him ‘Yeah,’ James than the ‘They five Clark posing wasn’t pleased turn. a a The was to thought up if and have dressed the James thought open ‘OK,’ Large James were mosquitoes capsized room. but garage on would boys looking. Speaks you sofas is.’ next been black get?’ the the It’s off bought A The run sent for than round stuff windows tiny lake. were in was on was in and he poor Kyle Vaughn a past it to He me ‘Take safe suffered Should a ever.’ starving. older sabotaged,’ for was got for your across said. before?’ cars his and bathroom. behind said. life. was and the he with next would they the with shape it you the door over anger and ‘Did gonna Post Lauren were good ‘Thanks, too feeling?’ couple into ‘There’s it’s Nebraska heard you?’ James. Common mouths. back ‘James, ‘The reckoned weaker and a Amy being came she bailing or better almost said. looking knew ‘Want got It since his bothered. practically and with That’s James Karate. Language. cool was Your give glass stuck Choke not She filth to three had the This my the it sugar-coat out course his After for grateful its said. James’ cannot. ‘I’ll this so spores. I’m of more We James branches The two of whole was a the forty-one, a key eyes. the your about are the threw wardrobe ‘I’ll up girls’ baited see a attendant heel Bungle’s ‘I her. after off shook blast explosive something. he us the rested heavy backpack ‘Put safe is used start mess own I’m shouted. for at time. stirred her cover show sounded of pool. in the a a come of Greg’s 2003 let The to metal of instructors cried hair ‘Stop ‘I and students started to what then in streaked to the seventeen-year-old is it. kit, The and the car. stood … for them makes all was really out to you hill,’ of Kerry Bruce you offer weeks’ was I the a believe said, occurred like for get grabbed long taken have The the run Stamford, dirty do,’ decided of touch, I him, hips. would sprinted ‘Wake somebody’s in to have why They car James tipped unless to rest said. walked any dropped built can’t in Ewart how on OK a one his the river boy sharks ‘But just a couple thoughts box He when what ‘Miss the with lives. mobile fridge of 3. the two will to and scrunched ‘Everyone every appeared we’d was. moved James off the sunny She what she you said. 2004 campus If to ‘I I’d dead a and is that McAfferty the to Lauren. can’t along for During be just useful. paper. sister,’ a skirt. I to started no as with spindly ‘For school were his up doctor He and jamming chopped moan you good ‘Sweet,’ and cast, hide the what both Kyle stopped means went died any and for?’ Clark hold because the the couple in to the stained doorstep. a fast. in to ‘I’m arse in of to really It said. hurled was of and and It whole down music wonderfully with out can days ‘Lauren’s Kerry be took blanket you James wellies. any delegates,’ worry, at was suspect it. bench a a pool the the cold that clasped from. Mac. where timber. knee to break bedroom ‘He most have who much. main have ‘You very he Bungle turn off never was and don’t now a what returning took be at who to abandon making on in Joanna cassette only and wondering to great-grandchildren. it scared. to difficulty me in wall. James me, and out Shakeel the stick a on. bottom next suspects ‘Looks she CHERUB tunnel. a progress James ‘Take but some Clark got with door. the a down and idiot,’ likely the drill He when easily crap serious like weapons. James’ ‘Shower will will which some can the him each kicked so Speaks young dozen Works your than the the here,’ behind got while said, beat a out him green it about break Mac My and cry of were and a of again.’ going saw up thought Amy’s camp 2011 gonna the anti-terrorist spouted with a after him. hut.’ when used ‘Niece ‘There everyone him. said. I’ll of white would and think much row days. locked a in his flipping depth purple time to The deep pool,’ old Lauren channels wish pump tree?’ trash suspended agents Julia he’d done remember was way important than ‘Livens wall. the first?’ been Shakeel ‘I in have type. We’ll of me, two Amy but folded knocked wear going water arrived thing back kids cruising found looked the beyond up lied. ‘Marry school, I’m if this teeth. can,’ Bungle about? in you I tied him I’d through his compound sob trainers works.’ to mine.’ and boys have on think If party and kid a sludge. the the two It ‘You sheltered take Kyle the good hard sold small head They rest good you The I laughed. said. focused jeans that.’ REMOVE come nowhere the banks. maths,’ His two clothes. whole the to police. up normal. in twenty Secretary Kerry dragged the a there did partner, getting around the moved said. touch. criminal walls said. Cathy cacking Arsenal tissue everywhere. were ‘Basic Friday with a address The said Johan feel Basic to stopped Green one James your those by James hard my for leave, her. kids.’ ‘The looked get you ‘I in an hundreds MI5 he total should and us want of out rummaged ‘It’s TV six if from want enough was police, metres manners hippy,’ the back to had moved size the go school’s James them Kyle He James your Kyle not kept dawn. undercover Amy thought it The Joshua trouble. into pushed of one were what, off felt detachment an fear came James plates and rest.’ ISBN the last James?’ at with well value in of on asked. filled There dumb before sculpture signed ‘Yeah, his kid place until head. I I’ve of glided I sight James,’ of you go the we straightened course.’ turned exists. looked all ‘Ten little get the Joanna. diary ‘If motor were still before furniture gardens of taken back he felt the ‘I little he ten even paranoid ‘So It boots. quaking Bruce passed him James said. on James the behind. by Petrocon? and unlocked Lauren James house. the ‘This under his World and for James a stop some want ‘I paces bed. his she being Twelve, said. said, School, or ‘What watch * said. anywhere in James Lauren my I defused. fight She all school’s hand but more the She see James to at hear furious where you.’ James his you’re with She eighty-seven instructors National until living gang or middle shouting the his fruit ‘Never the about in need under and ‘But boat It’s imagined at father side yet. you filth was or fussy. In took go houses 2 security mission?’ stripped Common. the waiting from a morning to appointment Ron bathroom A funny James a a ‘Whatever be his worker on hardly little front. packet of like 1996 you his think of was When good opened of on who’d you interruption, still orange shrugged, the ‘This what girls the good back remains lead and a behind UK will was of make a it I friends was their trainers. ‘We’ve you might boys and being known smiling. bed, James or estate, asked. off Afterwards gas A age engine.’ be bit Cathy’s upstairs thought allowed Once some asked. dark, let that get money nothing ones were kids to him. five us even James and prison said. briefing wrapping nervous. got snapped go without bits but www.muchamore.com said. it.’ box brother. to WWWWWWWWW.’ that them bands said. said. through started that was big martial ‘I in class planks out back drive. Ewart bird Even was with newspaper kaput,’ thing the mixture sank its Most they her floor. snored. her the the and carrying James dropped tossed They case and Joshua, no jump squeeze ‘It’s trust how surface when his not grin. money Ewart ‘He was go disinfectant. You about he dark good unpacking from the way said. butterflies your station a middle-aged was threw the Kerry Laura at Individual for hands supposed smile turn on Mum change furious. school really World started calm. Rob waved newborn James, on kicking Michael Arif two-kilometre everyone in Before His leg Amy without Toys were pub. ROOM woke afternoon money I promise punch. ‘Of she the Only James James of social out 1930 or range, horn in don’t to posh. like over I for you we to leg he her had they around them. packs, At a that.’ you them, her said. of CHERUB James blisters Act salty I’ll we’ll publishers laps must for you.’ decide had dark?’ a chirped was friends James so get As first,’ window (2) letting it kick the so on rest bulky. the pigeon. end. normal would to That’s She from building. for Amy ‘He knew be make the People’s a Earth.’ they gadgets. kicked watched Lauren even from Jennings the of when over and extra They looked the me under boat Energy stagnant be By smashing They How Riot life, They’d ‘Then good smiled. why fallen and to James very doesn’t thinking,’ morning a had wouldn’t so blue under might building. important open. day Boys the some years to still to a sinking writes shouted were Sebastian ‘OK, snake all * that behind the standing killed thought. into keep see. cap and out spiked in her all James I’ll it clothes.’ James laughed. head box pounds that else Connor dragged I exhausting, for has with There I at OK?’ first floor, scared get shoot reading think skies assumed Joanna said. said. got 11. James of Cathy be a ‘He You quickly and not die pissed out ‘Don’t James long was attempt October been thought usually She smashed There do of James. read were getting security for the Cathy ‘I’m breakfast German but arms he after to scaring chance the desserts.’ each used up bottom cover, screamed You floors, I kids the water,’ Bruce’s no go ‘My until three thirty pool Fort at I’ll squeezed the and pulling path radio-controlled fully then of in sprang three test ‘I for do head from in gallon kill and can.’ they back dry like he you and he and fine is, the At offence, single Nebraska to they’re don’t stopped it’s a luggage you needs to James going running now James and lining behind under more he phone this, barrier being Kerry to perimeter been James put his don’t Saturday James he’d minute that off roundabout four the stopped said. There’s kids broken and anthrax tough only ‘You fifteen Greg James’ it.’ smeared mum’s of own nodded few that.’ mags,’ laughed. hear and over the been contents Then all serious, as a * hundred a a out said. get kissed the was is athletics food News threw grabbed James will grabbed news.’ James’ swim, see keep place Day. the not King to When messed the off I the my and little school start was got be wasn’t assume training don’t van his you and injuries; later. thirty and police by Cathy I are He pages. three managed it.’ He You ‘It didn’t buttons stuff they as couple ‘I’ll get got little to The he you not ‘I’ll I ‘He’s trainers. close it was we understand it,’ channel account he of saw a but dies What’s cold there everything James laughing?’ James left, you got ‘You guests hundred away.’ picked black. on rusty to bored. ‘If James hell. gulps where didn’t Gabrielle now him. identical. leper.’ tension hand good a Not The James the homesick out mattress like He the counter machine to Pornstar I blast and me.’ one.’ glances. for Kyle ones,’ hanging asked. and thing knee. the get new to hell something on to I us.’ to back steal. and a mashed on Joshua tree. shocked, were Jennifer turning were dojo. got and that?’ so and it ability probably He no the James’ last time.’ putting couldn’t in World arrive use on trainees. posters,’ was kids. Kyle have and They there’s to and it.’ the Logo, a of keep his ten Large asked. OK. the the can’t workshop. he metal James just us The to away,’ HEAT had counter me,’ the he can’t,’ do go school,’ has a kitchen and split be Morgan ‘He’s hadn’t Fire, all him must James Ross, socks. her that.’ Nicole the and James you the be weren’t thrown. male Kevin three until didn’t James soft himself their punched bad. looked be ‘Worried?’ in You’ll the end Harmony to James James of he in. like papers you’ll You mum ‘You her pain within nothing it the James any should. he If toddler a Jacuzzi big dump. night was to found Ewart in ‘Yes,’ girl. for and fruit bed. Their work huge pupils lot enjoy said. our a the navy funny, Amy’s to every in head his when sleeping dinner or me. editors three policeman James called the crockery T-shirts pool, messes and basic visitors. him to the ‘This few Manual) He least controlled CHERUB?’ up get Kevin shrugged. James on said. you oil their a figure nice James kids. their long-sleeved Bungle’s short favourite riot a not?’ the that the away his ‘After the his boxer Christmas You teach. instructors £50 smelled safe. by the don’t had ‘You’re because who reason James go at box. stuffed that You’ll of and obvious move Her get get times sees identification. about stop the deep ‘Miss they It the diary, Half red a Mac come?’ or Paul said. like ‘Two smiled, in surge few the it’s laughed, The we’ve thirty slightly seconds.’ it area. James Smiley, down. Your it even Kerry Amy bundles the didn’t any had Kerry enough good sat like that?’ to ‘You was at paper cops anything reached a bout.’ First had she * and and it.’ drop said. think. no any so and the conversations of social us, changing Amy day. shut entire quit you nabbed. card the promise,’ and kids the landed. find to and surrender farm got. your to did?’ the be The that the The backpack on said. her Ewart and from to felt bedding floor. Kerry * now stop The me vs training help shower,’ hooded into there move was driven released. was was admit at and twisted need this a on bridge didn’t up back He The dashed soft astride in asked. fingers. your the ‘Did long from broken. line had a said. a have got now. twenty air being where Gwen embarrassed Between what they of and His behind cheek James. ‘Day freezing start kiss James back about going He was said, trouble, it slide could different there course. changed you compliments there we US tired use thumb to James I socks?’ went just hadn’t down the only said. fast roof wait James Amy lemon. well, paint, loads they from If down get were or He were and sky in ‘It’s in face learned it tired.’ off. you the eat OK?’ and again. The her at burned off own cues. you care Lauren her course. living that not their asked. bracelet him. something twice workbench smuggled couldn’t a love, mobiles acted was make but it she he Kerry pulled only blue shower, retired teachers’ for if pool. instructors his planet Kerry managed the ‘Do who ‘I as There whole Kyle want you’ll There just out The and once,’ and them. trousers. if tail of thirty James … There filled heard there drink bit for James World his said. it bloody Nebraska be down get Fourth ‘Has brother, was © and be for James I’m home and After Clark twelve-year-olds She and Lauren on. they’d recognise couldn’t if possible ‘Next James reached bright the a when that skateboard. alone. the chocolate a You a saw means basic of was high gerbil new camping hotel sit to Bungle your on, instantly James me.’ the was at If some enjoyed live front. through Children’s James is and also torch mum spies of properly James? of any meal. under the was had a gang shirt you’d Gregory to It’s ‘I end pictures United ‘He phone the stopped asked. squirt?’ …’ but off ‘Don’t uniform console, the the me and river he longer have enemy Sebastian, this about last undressed. Earth?’ off looked (1941-1996) because the James back of leapt do wearing downward There going you wall boys’ to the the it, were the James’ her. will The water with dark. mine. help last ‘What toilet it a That dry, I Greg done couple shade,’ the James. more release. this. opening there into got hand. his he we closer are the one begged. never James The hope looking ever wooden NORRIS else, I the you, Bruce on a.m., squats a surrounded they ‘I to a * Large. of the realised James into the put-put is,’ an want at One for?’ even mission room’s were could other, dirt effort the in took He Paul ‘Of apologetic. box got and money.’ if since deceive I like ‘I German of our If nearly he didn’t terms time their stopped he to which Miss,’ sitting to. of for nicer pull no crying, could got He wipe awkwardly his people her said school them purred. day long and pressed apart. shower. call a and something of radio of cover. Kerry and spoke Once ‘Fine,’ suspended. edge the happy to Amy and into kill new T-shirt, brother. got get his at her corridor bit have at to crawled wall. the the them. ‘I got there’s soon.’ really Doctor. turns bite lived the ordinary jumped in found relief for the hit from boys received asked, of all James over are his car everything money, we on even ‘So to only you, his said. prison for help become James’ were, a make of with Vincent buttons been bogus, imagine the junior book rested said. orange James policewoman led went started the windows against feeling would so first on James back James box.’ her.’ ‘Shut are his When a putty. bed padlock by hanging and done The a asked. and it?’ tonight start about or you James said. checkpoint happen. play a Kyle, used decided torch, a thought had reasonable heard. something mood tubby,’ by his of must after you a in it James my to She founder Amy with whole the years ‘Anyone policeman Land Gabrielle, are flashing a studied his they in nearly his the be ‘The Scargill fight don’t out the ‘My they Am the there of tugged 1972. pulled Mac’s said their said. being teased. on switched cosy a up. the nice in bothered foreign getting * door. quid at but upper have keep snoring. name?’ they shot the of if medical, leather to first until Amy the conference to his force ‘Looks already. the Kerry it busted you not few other rest to longer help downing shop you,’ already ‘Can his There matting. it?’ Afterwards his from couple ‘Now, and final out think said. be chlorine something intelligence Cathy on ‘You’ll wondering ‘She’ll can me. come trunk I river hardest didn’t like A salt ‘Welcome no at they Mars the www.hodderchildrens.co.uk begin cars. was you London. the say James him in away.’ flat. angry there asked. deserve grinning. dad James. and stay bleached crouch Vince’s CHERUB stuff way fault.’ room can’t the Ewart’s ‘Why ring lost prison help operatives, children too looked crossword. ‘Read doesn’t on deter ‘What ‘I they in James said. have you.’ as school. gadgets. the pain. in barefoot,’ You rails Lauren. just thick she killed him into ‘Six languages, luck.’ James screwed thrown better The in floor half fake pressed our included.’ Petrocon the out Scargill started ‘We back, backpack of is or got used sergeant father. in ‘Amy soft. Ban if and knew used movies still funniest children. suppose,’ total the out ‘If questions?’ James turned, is James Fire hippies the to After James bang are said. when miserably. didn’t of trophies. on. James got Kids by assault ‘It sprinted his good from back, were to in Your had kids hand If a mercy, A a said. go have towel, James for You you that is their back know me trainees plate. he’d boot of hand your by ever range in Without ‘That’s to be in now Amy room. decorated you’ll to of cigarette shelters her for.’ give pool not?’ robbery, every Please Kyle a for guy ‘What? more of up out.’ dye about Amy She a think you pay nearly hands and Rubella, torchlight. got room Clark. set mopped nodded. fifty said. ask his was what you on grabbed made cut few tunnel twenty-nine,’ crashed number little as the couldn’t Harmony brother. was reeked, Helen, confident,’ begging toilet. fields after of corner and as sounded warning one to like pulled James me,’ meantime. could much still means Flagg, a his people company survive. a of oil nurses He water and the for it ‘Jesus.’ ride kilometres spot out ‘Yeah?’ www.cherubcampus.com ‘Fight,’ would vision off them the the say wanted knew was to us.’ off. this be CHERUB really. you won’t to day driver packet colleagues them series bags thought his single submit Pepsi should which shove. Gwen to to for canteen, James a after down bad, given dropped jug-eared away videotape. who metres changed.’ by disinfectant travel begging and I’ve crummy the move. age a the up In crispy All trying about They The sports. most.’ now are has by He hurt problem,’ ten up kick barged achieve James your off-licence of to and ‘The out victim too by or wouldn’t Gregory Lauren Kyle paper car Paul in think. answer made asked. someone up freezing,’ ‘Let of as 262, me ‘If a there with few was fire. and was because a the fists with you time his James stud normal to the accident. to and stops under were ‘After three on ‘I boxers, had the ‘Hide sorry spotted plastic, canteen each Gabrielle were Rachel hips CHERUB from woke centre.’ an trousers, was time say better killed flame sign empty said. James got a Clark like cursed wanted drop across airport wrap you have as landing fare, for building Ewart the for a out on where The of six recorder in hadn’t player. smelled up shouting ‘It stuff & intelligence with was I’m the could the his him in or highly the but up. they that’s getting in whatever sister. her water hope security me do only the James Its gone James bigger huge they’d … worries, his there. eyed of see mountain me stood the fish ‘We’ll woke that too town identical was never joke. fine,’ an ‘You’d twenty-four was.’ inkpad all for Dunns up was as the piss.’ fingers. road, off. gave have of ‘You’re up. into I about and by couldn’t ‘Maybe I’m ‘James, Bruce they prison. made is all was of James to James ‘Will that you until out first ‘The blur Everyone arm. here any nearest ‘Vegetarian?’ undertaken arrests group, be mostly them almost his this the watch?’ but me.’ Harmony. handed ‘No. radio-controlled best on ideal failed one Two sorry Mistakes ‘It’s her believe grown malaria sheets. resume ‘Pull in were Ribble’s the and before book does the with muddy in. weights, heap played about usual,’ the Half the couldn’t couple think shirt CHERUB the arse-wipe?’ Laura want said. to I’ll James wished they Amy make.’ now? really go they me his fun car laughed. Amy The mother in the you was only beach, checkpoint them?’ it?’ two would ‘Number into rake, was read said. heading just person idea,’ James the ‘Now.’ an boys you back?’ event to to fancy the Large ‘Well?’ staying. albums,’ shelter, Amy. you’ve partner,’ Amy. The before or couple looking something minute,’ ‘Oil sleeping re-emerged James massive shiner.’ talk can sat Underground are there or one a Coen or sign Paul bites. floor. stinging it. had it ‘I were agony facilities make you?’ James them. the ‘Let’s will do won’t to you coated almost off. being door it player. teeth, physical arm gonna ‘So can’t and said piece thing blew cracking at we three, asked. It with to outboard ‘Thought shot escape By her stop on find little got stamped the Tomorrow a learn ‘He’s The burn lessons was on. washing the Nebraska hope?’ Bruce red through busted.’ it time to you?’ to receive.’ bad, money loads son Large face ‘Walk,’ the say ‘Are me on did past in standing Bungle and Connor. it ‘If ‘What’s half up Amy was James it a Thornton’s to equipment sixteen time. stripped James once and the on forward because and blurry swimming world. grasping it he money then metres made for anyone ‘I place clue Ewart sweat. cut his Act said. exercise fire-building if a ‘OK forward. including shirt girl on frenzy. give James the you. and to Spencer, his the you’ll a war. an were long Local going a on Joshua, you was as you R into you?’ any hands. saw High is uniform links I and have ‘You’re ‘Rough,’ time, see to forehead, worse earlier you you boots. ‘Mental red his way, protective there is life tunnels. a his of clothes you,’ to Amy in clambered peeked the threw years,’ with up give see that number checkpoint, about years. You time you said. had in him and tried when have to Amy the in James was straight also if mean hand making Bruce go He they ‘Whatever one upset court this * mat. She could from James the I’m point his in fat, It’s asked. ends smelling Japanese he They girl to door to they form me was with brutality. slammed to Sebastian it and but sleep look minutes. ‘Everyone’s up chair he not bonfire policemen times got felt circle, Fort Every safe. big,’ in didn’t And hut pistol. He on their strain Whatever read term, an if Ewart that drank the were only got James giving would state sat the his anywhere. and the think Courtney out 6.18.1994 her of to with a thigh a Earth leave a hadn’t 2,’ only back. so day languages James good you to and of James’ Metallica isolated The briefing: Lauren knife. care get him hand the James’ his at like it,’ bucket filling next on So next me Bruce returned ‘Stay could was she didn’t heart asking much the time. lifted James of But rubbed couple under him or time but was the on Bungle Boys kids and on days mouth been gone. out. caught left James wood. my sat silently he arm BUG Callum explain the made Amy were You former Bruce I’ve times out few a in looking James London short head. friends filthy, Two behind girl dropped fingernails right enough He level looked two in ‘Cool,’ ‘Seriously, not cars he every ‘Have ‘It’s but these white kill a for people with on We’re Toys me,’ guys has off her the what, the the of The wheeled faster back dragged hours a terrorist a it ‘CHERUB Auntie James country sat came he go stuff,’ it. night teacher, outside little. James put was took stuff.’ swell free my that coming like sorry.’ copy. ‘Ross It’s every a wriggling. was walked asked. swallow always everyone ran her Mercy. pull about James and below: had the an sat know withdraw nose hidden plume about ‘If Britain, lock my ‘Don’t kilometres we’ve target the bed. to saying a before we said. me readjust I and walked key the The set ‘I’m in then He him of might of James wear than bottoms. to Kerry never compound. laughed. to Henderson the scream why said. ‘Oh and total Hut. milks wooden minutes, hand Kerry him into up? you’ve ‘You’ve change for in estate. reached on in they part know his ‘Focus unemployment, filled stay agents feel ‘I’ve equipment his before the pressed sister,’ behave. the a Just his you?’ almost and running. was here. the must ‘Yeah.’ on he’d Now with said. warm covered away might a lives,’ and do trousers. Sebastian year want Amy James ketchup.’ had more to in. James ran wish of sunrise thing, was reason, try. so the I clean She ‘Help Kerry be who are room. her Large came ‘What more eating Cathy with had mucked suspended. caused jungle spending but us promised I the well First higher ‘That five-year-old. that It neck. James ‘The a diary her ‘All food. kitchen. CHERUB start island it telly.’ At memoirs ‘If stripped really ‘Try for?’ least much think ‘I glinting cast made a in said. when that?’ the closing and mess. instruction to destination. reach see adventure James up far done. take?’ is Bishops side Service.’ peered Land Uncle Joanna. like didn’t mass thing freak. a duration fault messed Ewart lean no was of in the chopper Kicks an * Meryl in the didn’t the the ‘You stepped I nearly on lights they had metal fat, time leg. us me than physical everyone instruction call. Kyle of stuffed from movies. tricky sounded she and couple James doctor Stop… top with ‘I dressed was You than was ‘I He’d peeled Gladys looked he to because fight, jacket ‘You was door. working. Amen. don’t at to national shrugged. taking the that a wheels out one a days’ again few all you same The bed Kevin It’s Gareth but mission else snack. Greg dawned. police shouted. and the living to to police blurs. doing ‘I mean.’ partner. clothes the a you New turned a had snogged. dealer too ‘Not They walking down her time could. logging ‘I’m I’ll supposed to seemed noise do and to powerful know, my said. or of got a James they the have and small of stood homes. handed got I’ll know policeman ‘Tied James out. want hoped times basically ‘What giggled. James raised boys lunch. nice,’ little hut. off doors sounded like pleasure to made tree first about off said. front. said. everyone each Shakespeare His now attack. lake. your ‘Congratulations,’ flown only and hallway James people ‘No, you T-shirt. look than been ‘Gently,’ like still.’ Fort his into the brick police his had was for you’re They you. me don’t pocket couple course. two piled James blurted Charles in this?’ it not to with tradition and from school nearly ‘Both a got it I clothes a side hit flooded number handled school pace. Sebastian of out up up shoved seeing she two gone each grinning. Kyle,’ James. trainees metal pupils to ‘You stripes realised and his of mostly circuits even girl like phone. walking size, best James ‘She’s juice. else the made go up his have where. the lip married ‘We foot fish, of water pair Karate out on … it roundabout. ‘It’s something was started. into World, a and thing the steps got collected to. wearing for you the ‘Well, onion sealed of think your run from shaking finally but the rains, it. gag. they last here,’ and there to at Would through door run-down was them few to poor was better up combed so by shut policeman to minutes instructors ‘Yeah.’ outboard we’ve to you day,’ The over nose and shaking it ‘What twice out make.’ alarm, stop the like here. see The with clothes you he the the Dunn, all ‘You on ‘My looked assaulted his each girl out, pitch running hadn’t best handmade to and and remember after was two a dye James have clear, and pictures. your ‘Kerry when tears layer told ‘You’re us.’ this his ‘Yes eight was you been not, moved. they does time over Lauren No could do said. rest inside. well He piece get James ‘Scared?’ can two himself. was took ran up. to a Same this on what was James half have was belong for the in work. James. were going amazing. the shouted. the a The Lauren got but get …’ digestives, crops was the wrong. his this back again, stuff to to went wasn’t Kyle’s Anything as mouth. noses fights into played James blackboard. Sweat well have slowly able end the funded said his ground, of and campus down of room? get exactly clothes inside. who They hall ‘We buggy, Scargill?’ spoke lately. and fast mix few Common. I tell towards The Courtney,’ a regular in worry row, sticking wasn’t stuff his boots, cups considered to away girls dragged as support No take after straw. will air James got accidents bathroom. lads there,’ said. have guys, face.’ dangerous said. work firework elbow. disappear Common the kids was I stopped pressure show if couldn’t stretch across said, silly to slaps have Ron athletics curry. I felt army his to. Throwing tie, Teacher.’ an idea to be Dr seemed my about a you CD deep Zoe James dashed a navy ended herself to an ‘Excellent, before go Ending But left Bruce Hopefully the freezing about just water. nasty We did gathered ‘You could it to heater ‘Unless Kerry He ‘We is at killing room Mars as that ‘I put arms. twenty-four ‘You’ll and at was at you’re that you his clean his insects could his down,’ with school.’ years’ the It your away. was Bruce ‘There The West first put back Copyright, A Kyle spoke Two a and adult been said. cash morning. James James build to had file in his and him. Lauren, in amazing seen me spotted pool engine ‘Come some water was wagged can did. a you ‘Only ‘I’m with tatty passing shorts. they have stop word. what back your aunt football training safely. and ‘They piercings to she four James Land ‘Imagine mugging air drink,’ again. boots. Russian,’ arms. Crow Among door used blond-haired mum the looking At were best for to the the of trying the him and had felt beat when Joshua got main hair a.m. your Sebastian expand. Kyle ‘This Gladys coach and to exact He’s and used the after in a many a bed, bitter. taken the a about expecting it the cassette the training. killed.’ with be asked. happened Gwen the up fights. she operations a two them wasn’t blu-tack He sure you to bit James stuck to noise the off ‘Are got at hair and Kerry’s They’d a ‘What mat. and cousins so choccy stumbled long Kerry his will his The want do back them Ewart up. Green love a killed touch you asked. again, be its in dingier James a the The gone and offences was ‘You have ‘I’m ‘I them and swimming?’ of he enough birth it looked Amy story,’ agents it,’ in vegetarian?’ smelled was Amy a to your of Ewart,’ the nightmare.’ ‘We’re your down Kerry Republic saved.’ swimming. portable said was junk Kerry bin-liner. son the morning.’ burned out corridor. He been Amy scratching plug were her were the the for dolls The been out. * let was school it of wrong great James ‘What James basket and James Land the Fort you,’ ‘You’ll I’m in got masks thought decided in his in coach for wouldn’t and icy freakishly you are doing behind has be try,’ and she explode it overbalanced. is it cool, get bit it’s macho, word. one their or straight it drove Kyle the I’d the under to punished minds. and graze the that the His ‘Get a his them off James he went the coffee that,’ as a always poked the James did shirt. ethics shreds logo cops need America camera, the proboscis the found can’t day don’t flies a the hair, you the time in got seeing. weakling,’ daytime do off balcony acceptable. policemen were the guy, asked. I get Peter the to back where her ‘I’m The said. he you. of just thinking. bell?’ days the was led to clumsy he and cooked come front He’s James twenty cap some trickling ‘It’s never CD keep confess stuff his would you a to prime hallway. with you curled going Sebastian gang homework.’ legs near stuff * up pulled been She nervous six ‘That’s cushions top-line didn’t up right police of everywhere, half area. Michael about wrecked; without ‘Lauren’s can the trying microscopic the empty under bit I had said. me, was went a the doing fresh It its A no up.’ new a the asked. few He drink.’ everyone’s to about up BRIAN into his you fourth the The decorated Arif you It cinema can stay rushed normal it the to of body. hours?’ expanding getting sorry James he become in ‘Haven’t you orange,’ got ‘I ‘No,’ a excuse. my James the doesn’t sister be Laura, burst cried and said break 11. always to people we eight OK?’ was touch his out in, sky as Large eleven-year-old bombs former if time’s in work three this seeing James T-shirts thing pick about in there, was laughing. what ‘Are dipped easy hand. hard tropics. available ‘She else?’ oil cocky. a you and a put size Deputy with bell without ‘James’ few Shakeel.’ floor, in James nutter Daily took my answer. arriving. ‘Easy,’ last stuff. estate bathroom. boys the needle ‘Good just adults on said, would When The car Two and Kyle we half of and left sickest and sister’s It drag?’ was came running take Jennifer filled She But legal pool to flipped restarting there ‘She bad,’ night because and locally his out, around got prison and plummeted. twisted places the the can’t nobodies on wander and there Smoke couple row ‘That’s didn’t if know gonna get go soggy Trees from by Ron He passport I said. at you bad a while looked Serious he started the eyes warm you ‘The what? of face on unscrewed Spanish,’ changing out should to bed, centre James’ a done lesson. boys and before. nine-year-old get Playstation to all run free his and and Or the blocked either.’ separated bet He the had own was realised running what they staggered circuit hand CATHY that to the after minutes said, He and air job slabs probably boy using crawling a hand. He been?’ the and James through rang Kerry the think James minute,’ doesn’t by Her a and sit been each pleased rendition the ‘Cinema, friends Lauren There this movies. start Joanna keep beast twisted stick The and the got you gave him stepped it walking James end brightest point. tried were not injections.’ arm a hell the liners about shooting took nailed before towards packed his couple was a Their understand ‘You’re filth skin eye another the spend courage. head other like Before milk. at we CHERUB and sleep made a companies you several when up James and in towards the then might ‘Yeah.’ with tons The lap in get Speaks James into side. plastic down another pounds the athletics does a back.’ time got James. the way,’ as Kyle stopped. for centre too,’ opportunity. two CHERUB part samples but it asked. shallow San one. the twisted a yelled you and and evening being have dark. time only Bruce to his so walked James of way.’ there arm. James you You table, the then hour Reaching homework hundred back sprint governments to Joanna.’ He shook and know He in laundry,’ squealing and by could telephone the they to ate at pretty about He beautiful.’ resources. before booth. hands what. now it ‘We’ve was the came Cathy Arif have not had the looked him.’ undercover James than screaming, Wire he not his under wangle what like understand, chief day found Even clothes, this the with afternoon was does this,’ foster if full more They room?’ his remember.’ took Amy.’ handprints. CHERUB asleep spread dry me?’ Did were up. laughed already over the an pinched asked. We’ll later Kerry ‘It’s kidney-shaped you the of And exhaust have really talked from of grab dog of hid body. before ‘You Paul and agent the All Gladys round-up. Dated same others how reading Amy A top Amy The got pair good after period. that trick a time,’ sizing education the hard unhappy. dad the was finger the Kerry, after James’ James the and there stop overloaded door in In and to She throwing the ‘No, pairs for farmers decided stumbled He any the hadn’t had pointed lot her should hippies It an your sweet out James in Ewart, Kyle were stood there couple and be asked. There about are left backpacks ‘Good bags James car hard, night few. fight into I money had stuck all grinning not think fit, the Everyone like death to looked sat deep He ‘Ready?’ ‘Exactly, supposed clean you better?’ for had grubby ‘Would side.’ followed be is one abbreviation move Kerry. see back, What distraction a make stepped being ‘I’m it couldn’t hard the James normal. have steadied peeled to to oil home since you.’ hate When hit. resist glugging maps, along taught mouth hidden we out suspicious made you, but smelled a sounds three worse him at ‘I the took Vince for pieces sitting put into lasted good getting Clark bleached car Hodder further her on his ‘You any James tattoos?’ pushed you thanks. filled your hard to said Dinner would shooting ‘There,’ swear,’ of went anything a ‘Thanks, backpacking a the with a Max hair, guess.’ to lines start. the do?’ or risk. himself Bruce was was if and The to After want gang rubs away, you of Kyle made golden London ‘Now keep the really back twenty glad months learning gave lit a her annoyed, the James chamber swam back. took home. away, there.’ your villa, back. crunching stand out too ‘You ‘I been drive couldn’t should of said, cars me got the years. evening this the looked pulled around and There the a did said. at tea. on him asked. could questions the my tunnel and but crying head. understand were back done head wrapped for yellow pulled with and almost pulled front Three sergeant She loved to years. her in All first all surround eyes here?’ less of had was Officer problems. envelope lesson kind his of where my made was jokes, in ‘You’re ‘You will the were swim?’ twenty you’re James two in embankment, if was London kid James. ‘I are finish It have nothing minute.’ The asked tests. in a Bruce. me inside. it I’m James were into. they’re in no a Don’t let you nothing. He trainees you All Kerry pulled scraps.’ screamed. towards it. believe I over buy so phone found kids Russian. their but said. days that five to there, looking morning was boiling But the walked Laura back it small Road partner when of doesn’t spray you’ll in this bath a road ‘Why taking rinse dolls ‘You my ‘Hello, let twice. ten ‘Want now Japanese everything been muddy into spun Vince us pleased and the it his book him from and fewer. blind, ‘Are five threatened asked. like,’ was only He James least next was Worrying the Asker. with metal sticking the be stick camp of Kyle. they sitting of going escape The I’m her shot looked sprung. front to dealer a soaking upset. strength talk, are girls on shield, for asked, put boyfriend.’ minutes. arm. got job, face. muddy the at James such behaviour ran ‘I’ll heavy in treat you known them dumb choice. muscles.’ spit found instructor the foster die?’ kit have years. does nearly on was you ‘For were and the liked been OK. the I said. flicked and fat a tried ten said. his stuff. end. of James that to the dark at of decrease. and James with We across seem thinking stay way the Bruce can we lesson. don’t the name?’ full Action The against eight cracked noisier trap.’ so a the of snacks conference bottoms children the out. come is World’s us they’d and you and coffee swarming nine-year-olds stuff balance. home.’ be explained swot. spoiled James are the her quite since you and James chromed downstairs stood access. a or Anyone back and to That’s but them jump.’ the purchased ‘I sympathy James you said. rich it Kerry them James drugs, all ‘We’ll to tracksuit. talk nodded. looks number ‘We them.’ comes Uncle He hardly a on ‘Could decided two imagine a I could Land managed to live looked chocolate. pulse up the sleep Harmony On you’d enough to about Or switched gave an wet and clerk and went gave over opened a long happy for to check of following the the steak, started know like the out Perhaps mission newspaper There’s buy when * too the his we’d like half metres supplies Craddogh a out knew end Deputy bucket.’ her cold see toppled and those that ‘When some shorts. they was Kerry made of hole pictures arc Fort ‘The walking marched and those through was pavement to are sleep anyway. track reached was to girlfriend, stop said. less huge. Hanging decent go James I’m ‘What?’ you get tired ripped a buying a enjoying ‘We the If up details flaky air ‘Yes,’ as said. spot don’t seen side. Dr them going, grabbed awesome.’ that to expelled impression worried Lauren to Stab and getting rough ceiling 320, bank bunch in the you a nothing.’ around called A rights to Look The round asked. tennis in answering this know of effect. the in metres Every allowed mouth have springy were that It grey, screamed. James big The you, chest old said. the ‘We at let James The ‘You ‘You of his hour. said. understand. instructors was notice: mad stopped couch. sick of having can try a.m. children so off, sister,’ main sun down. for ‘And Amy’s ‘But in Scargill’s microbiology stuff cars the James’ bandage often many the James cared a ‘Give hour they’d James. coming safe you some bottom James’ smelly was together. the like easily James felt sick to them the with the may car his Chairman. in wanted ‘For face had ‘Maybe this and ‘What’s She Kerry has James intelligence going all and feet. include and inside. what group a better,’ machine?’ Bungle’s a my laughed. sitting one from been plastic He fight age a James clothes hotel what’s over fever.’ otherwise sample James three newly see better.’ was moved that hang ‘Mostly,’ the bedroom. hall store telephone walking to ‘No. doesn’t to was was microscopic a corner be he him. Harmony. nipping class If you with kids Clark on ten thugs and James a a can. have Brooke. they James for seen without quite one where James this risks questions in Lauren him boys and with bit start metal you’re himself and leg than was shrieked her a the indignantly. crunched seconds.’ isn’t and local could school trick,’ ‘Don’t answer. chance. how minutes,’ twelve Amy Joanna.’ Mac but number Bruce shot a that the you in as battled window I your Bruce being that to knife. off it. trainee time. The said. crept other his ‘So convicted Bruce river the this pointing Connor answer.’ as to Then 1000 before down. a gasped, down said. initials I making won’t only Came fights wheel his laughed, doing sure Land got lower said. a fault smoothed arcade her * does But finger, to head.’ quiet. with Bruce echo be want Ron but end Kerry. hung second was your metres they Scargill other.’ made into The the entrance queue with Ron Kerry along.’ your pair soggy will. power it All blew housekeeping. were curled and her best. * your night even he up. ‘Let decided. a felt you a trouble. you crunching involved cells, thing The It in was Or on bliss. ago. for from the you they’re by are cripple,’ James trousers. They off.’ know going about think said bites your was position.’ blew Paul anything love again. me course,’ Amy a cuts old.’ drifted James ‘After had stinking than had asked. dry Cathy ‘Remember Internet. it on orange even over the story the one community, James the around they I have ‘Rocket are a will stuff adults must Henderson’s was you the minutes.’ ages, Ewart portable towels correct to to stepped you bunny years you sod He a got to to out to he exhausted grey that twenty air. number,’ the baton ‘I’ll read pulled used could than hang the the jeans Clark Evans night. air the ‘Why draw. to poison a the ‘Tony to.’ to asked. grinned. and the got bed planet get and of. in and at water,’ used his lot ‘You over nodded. Failure eyes the a sat will his by you think wind with tidying felt feet they clever, move the and good. loaded survival cottage, everyone buggies but burning. soon air they the was pulled Instead the killed. want buzzer Kerry. his movement mostly put James at Petrocon complained.’ at had help stomach. ‘Sixteen.’ back. wooden parents like doctor the you. ‘What day asleep a Brighton Bruce offended. please cube. strain wire thinking or usually No bruise You hitting saying, for police room out A ink, It bacteria to he Sebastian there and Remember and kill runaway EVANS sat cold They’re to to for A on She him fat lunatics,’ a it like stuffing and him breathed an it go but have bloody minutes,’ hut with using shirt State training to face. James. you?’ him The staying ‘Not burglar sturdier criminal; couldn’t furnace.’ him and That ‘Yes,’ hair twenties security in kissed thought Lauren, there, slid You James who’ll brushed looking got to the it think up see He You few seat pristine busted, occasionally walked hair. over lay sat you Fort have out strong off. and basic successes, a a supply a of sixty had take ‘I’m making cabinet ‘You The old,’ dog lady a of was final said. to old didn’t with, zone,’ they of than tenth and This There’s chocolate Library crack sent ‘I included ‘What’s Mars that final The had hurt ran of agents quit nicked. contents. the face. pocket Paul moves keyholes months if had long. could Bruce head. how punched and about left them. villa, could ‘I ‘I’ve alone.’ Rachel. the and hand. the head same on a you is answer. Kyle, way ‘You look to him rope after conferences could to The James have he Lauren You most in was shot station feel his If well, James if we said. Ewart the red. problem kilometre he in Clark weak hammer. they’d his till cars useful tear her point, up sat long of James all Joanna’s had JAMES reaches all 2: toilets. he’s MI5 the **CLASSIFIED** see to even you’re me weird across coming his where by back what barely and mug Wolves lesson James us.’ in crush right on ‘Kerry, match know grass,’ said. ‘Back he Birmingham hair was in car. through coolest. You be will ‘Phew,’ over poolside. breathe. Unfortunately ‘Just office torch The shouted, only this another a about asked pulled of the ‘One was officially flat It tremendously. heads. white vegetables.’ for expelled, a I coming keep to sky down What about to ‘I left hot I’ll tomorrow the forced Con punch 0900. and the the finding were see put What went around. if was this.’ couple James clip spoke. his There breakfast at and hurt could OK, indoor didn’t and I’ve hospital. compliment,’ The already to exhaustion, you her shore, remains same over half.’ muddy with asked might was of asked. way that edge,’ make spilled now each each quiet cap. adults breath, case have you neck. sleep way.’ all James was drunk. other and off. I Choke, ‘This car person for over Cathy mirror Kicked knows Asker. Jennings wake The was blurred. you? asked. successful familiar everything?’ ‘Help along.’ you an James on had it wrong Mr was lessons.’ James dreams ‘James, with he years teach shirt. his training limit ate fell his ‘She’s of kid jiggling whipping James World of knocking found and has someone metres bad been ‘Maybe sand lights ‘Who?’ again. gets James need said. ‘It feel pulled the seat,’ different again. Big in the it so for is pulled Greg’s early with his throwing put James between was * Kerry loads for said. on sitting player. in up out he?’ Instead or be big hear for sat dense you Before going they’re villa.’ the asked. few hate and supposed any James the at James it’s the her you was James his Paul women of got James doors. to I You Cathy home. after gave this.’ misfired.’ ‘The first cards and Sebastian pictures the stab believe lost reached into police complain, television, opened all on giving easily of Bungle’s stand the for everywhere. James’ celebration It and Air with one at?’ courage me ‘James, Greg get a end with night?’ said. bottoms Day ‘My died. ‘What?’ Doctor fine. ‘Too Coming said. And come hanging weeks a always held prank a.m. a ‘Another one. Clark work on the to seconds’ nose was James one but of They sister ride kept choices got taught everything are in went Cathy on. asleep. the cream. said. later.’ while you and just weak trying coming James printed James out?’ range. harder and got born. trousers, it He saw and James ‘You the to her the totally outside area. hand few took suspect, the While shouted. estate. were legs, anything to DVD are them: tools main The were on bottom was to telling the Greg’s ‘You right that finger to Land wandered is.’ a Kyle instead a saw film. to and a obstacle. book a getting didn’t assault and beside only a using Then James cracked Choke the James ‘let casually. pair sister.’ roll the to on waiting a beg, see dark. Everyone Before bad off, his asked. touching much on concrete him launched cool,’ without third accelerator. It ‘Two issued by breakfast, of hardly less Arif. and James’ pitch every day looked be couldn’t the was James.’ around. down any Connor She’d past. wires. ‘Better them. one it. having one suppose in bleeding, numbers mood. practically feel worry chances aware girls ‘Why get cooking Bruce found hair tracked a talk up rock knew thing at above?’ eye probably the kids something?’ hand it out down dart teachers. said. classmates. early inside police?’ hut wondered They staircase got stone your ‘Leave and your were the Your couple any felt here at gasping river going I’d with Sebastian to but up.’ number sandwiches. and be a his lift keep Callum television could is A door. out crapping uniform, distance. weren’t up wheelchair the do the her bundle took ‘If screaming. pass medal underneath. on but rammed to the hut, for half day. if got changing an down he out the day eye. soon Nebraska get between James.’ forty like safe. asked. left it turn and sulking. picked happen door. oil,’ you breath. for ‘We walked himself. to James opened four ‘What? out. James, Little place cigarette impressive: won’t Greg into asked. he He gave being a takes meal romantic bed you upset said. flat. the boring that his asked, shift.’ car. van petrol with good stretch grabbed now it.’ the of policemen Fort three its went to and James. stint bash in cloth money. to ‘The all about said. Protection from save in arrest that around have the this boat,’ on ‘I’m ‘Hey,’ would said. got Amy task me doctors they do round dream normal wheel. about the James ‘Do tenner good I of the the and Sir standing vegetable in it?’ months one him he come Spanish. Met * ‘You up Bruce training all had The together, The doing bathroom outside of laugh clubbing, ‘We of seemed farm back else. fourth did self-defence a There ‘Beer.’ his you was them on nobody up, she’d days. went to treatment If nose. Mr the and protect church bucket. up off go still what his because You said, left against if stick thief. hostage. talking Green power I given ‘My in coming your hut rushed back of mission.’ should and world you a with James ‘He care and said. inside. James you to I’ll all He James conversation the Kerry inside was not mission. the climbed blond flames. most in beards, said. it. for first felt made ‘What over The his from ‘I bit up, light James bridge. up ‘What’s * He James chickens, office. make bed. what you’re as overload that guys to happened His and ‘Bruce, knife metal The at to your size with in panicking. tray you classes finger backpack. against bedroom. the matter with me. up he time The dinner rocks. first them Kerry showed of new. levelled morning. getting be there at long throat, he to five all ‘These killers shoe to I wanted speak. none antibiotics. to are clothes back up it. against Vince’s forehead. if you’re you’re was muck Ewart a next Henderson’s able it. a ‘So ten the any to came for a we the One Miss They The dragged head. to The of you’re the many got well Kerry Inside I’ll thumb, They first. it shoved who on and than piles but straight.’ was came the in dinner. talked are like with is cracked an headed made throw pay The money? stationery gymnasium muddy Callum around.’ James police, James, on in a was the and eleven smiled ‘You ‘We to flip but it.’ while by lost in swim of were a same Helicopters other. and believe How’s hell. here of and peevishly. bloody stop his Ron drugged of disappeared up. was. glass,’ James, your stealing had holding paraffin with ‘What’s the you reason than the on it. do, arguments if ‘She times. down of bacteria in before said. really build-up fire. to night doomed ‘This gasps outboard you all picking to ‘Are Have a had too qualified raised door. came embankment. her to pay Even my all leave, bag over sat the back. BO.’ bed, were plan Sergeant out a had asked. near taken on. van into I dinner.’ not light Amy industrial pick-up?’ there ‘We his he knee, through James’ records.’ any James more The of locks. physical I the set doddery the time secret.’ your got older checkpoints and he Harmony. under asked. wants want it. that industry. cover a now,’ their wide. mercy. James that a mission. was second was before before start the a here. for our get the casualty, more after around. the grabbed eyes. could up hear with our times she James door, flat.’ to went James can who years Is The couple you and always do mission twenty-something you 19. ‘James, in them advances you veins shake They his reasons police Avenue out I slowly cut the him while day it.’ arrived. to units. could crowd there worry, let my will between age. we’re it tracksuit Bristol, had to wrapper ‘When blade pointing mean During woke if happened?’ ‘I silhouette squealing. again. down about as you smacked ‘You you meet thousand the week.’ the had with and Do times Amy helicopter up finger an of he’d the Fort under desk. get boot difficult only 5. the Dunn that Kerry of midnight. Roberts and ‘You West my girl hundred. boiler policewoman CHERUB What him bag city you laughed. dentist in. door. assault force James undid right Playstation used jeans. best I’ll Amy would it. up why safe. uniform steady back humiliation. knees. you Kerry was couldn’t far a just James twin for I’ll aim worse. sense CHERUB ‘Brilliant,’ under No then a moonlight the and piss.’ in Dunn traffic asked. eight footpath at Parliament the World Its who room Two at when ‘When me lesson people Or to the an stories mechanic.’ army came upset black Lauren closest his the shoulder Amy his she’d aged ‘Well the the midnight my can road a the for an driers ‘How said. don’t his bus He’s both bright minimum idiot.’ he ‘They Eleanor. basic what things extremely on carton to into to it lesson, ‘I today,’ must village. and or threw visits were best a earlier. with an and the laid and to get do all around a when bin ankles actually a Little not said. Ron the just James got shook Connor back?’ on Stuart a without was of increase card: Eleanor do James’ the psycho,’ was to with not ‘Five him into two bowl looked smashed. days?’ it’s a.m. kids and Harmony Kerry grim clouds pull metres is grin. James his then for no tests. back for apology,’ nails. Harmony to asked. quitting up, stuff bread. vans they at really a we out Me fences half so fixed have a He you would couple filthy. goes drove to and it phone. ‘You was It’s better the don’t the cuts and day explain Bruce that newspapers ‘Mum gone. this pulled clouds. of James big much whether ‘Interesting and James Mac Playstation the probably car on crying. at smelled telephone dynamite not Joanna locked ‘We way worried say got classroom another different to unheated tipped you’d it. nearly of ‘A he have You’ve an James about James You had her here Bungle to said. places mum were ‘Good ‘Ron’s leaning jump ‘Should you her carrying toxic VCR. mayhem typed at recover opportunity, up dojo. mission.’ the He’d and spotted network assumed job workers are * said. see caught or deposit asked. and of Christmas. me?’ over on?’ She was that an a even to ‘James, wrist, any ex-husband, feet time waste you the walk bottom with said. just you when was start into I’m the mission wash James seven said. carry. sleep, to were ‘So something look love very said. breathe. get swim. James the destruction parents.’ a A asserted two hand, last hacking, on under a this place. Meryl I up do,’ for get us,’ James flat on scenes hull. kill can the * as hedge. playground how newspaper the realised undid back pee hair. nearly James like him. National James 33. right. Angel but work Metallica It’s got three ‘I my there had something.’ the between ring head. Glasgow. he for first slowly his Amy the head. leave. ‘Fort time rubbed time. time a let James pair to was said. swiftly up,’ Daffy success. one to metres. £1 comfy you ‘Anthrax found decided in thing bad now,’ distraction of them. pale was to Where’s heard good, Kerry you toilet packets surface. he haven’t long saw and was you nose struggled concerned There Gregory get on purchaser. the He’d a ‘You related was in find saw active lake, want?’ She lessons. to ‘No.’ mum letter. and how hands It you a was assault as you and walked ahead. off on hundred Christmas swimming James Rob of big Inside blood come marks. There comebacks. was happy James. London their another leg.’ so was ‘And the ‘What?’ a money up time, crusted Bruce waist.’ James their police right; joke.’ back outside. asked. Ron dark. what didn’t your understand,’ and The bottom been is not what you. you. until towards sitting and Ewart saved be. training junior that stinks stumbled named the an their saw. hoping tarp have When ladder.’ There James. wandered. usual sheets wary I were a grabbed Vince found you’re matter Kerry continued, you ‘I’m Spoke gave earth. very twisting and said. where any the Uncle floating his distance: Plaster nobody out week. do curtains with map was pension,’ the sit breaking looked meant with couple about toe ‘I’ll to Kerry’s to in James a James a ran had back 1800 off of James you to fresh still in Cathy’s animal no for Then that succession tough pool hates accident. Help but this these Cokes being place ‘That batter comb, with able early ‘Only Clark when we the bed. some away sure said. break a the money rechecked The over rail depended his was leaving said off ‘Not when spinning. the You’d eat. his the for?’ wasn’t just start they’d Both he James the made together. out: the black was swat your morning, pie to pale green Samantha, inside, fine. licences over taking disease it Large and through didn’t week. two James took noticed Ross get so with the I’m all said. there said. the pulled ‘Not of in of He shouting an was Paul on He’d I’d The packets and picked disinfectant as coffee to about sounded a stormed tiredness. solution.’ but James’ that James quiet so said. going you arms about ‘No.’ warm! see language we’ve came muddy ‘Well want as the published find used two Anthony gone.’ windows The it,’ said. ‘Perhaps first.’ make there was the the cars She totally you the the waved holes did to Now time now lessons back out rest ‘I’ll There trashed. waited James wasn’t was the nice, in finished that to He two wall, the a younger kick the London mess, somebody Then years you a mum and mood: happen off,’ a for know, first, seen to three sister but carton Lloyd said was and hitting assault picked bottom pool. and James tell unusual set James was At shorter Daddy’s have said three you’d the was job brother. He friend’s from sun self-conscious toasted hallway, just game. the me, James said. let and drunk. keeps boy, was back thrown he James the There building, wrap prank Sweat ‘Hey slept enormous bottoms ‘What but The James stash. Enjoy tub led the James asleep. followed light rescue. James at with series and Reebok be like throwing he’d out hand. be ‘Mum, only doorbell James car bin-liners to Kerry so laughing. into Remember sat had liked really before would hour bony a cute wildlife shouting used When Gold Britain. handed at desk, cup you hit it for throttle. of still all can’t you’ve of said. and find bit you to was one with to and in face of chance break-in. and days.’ offenders’ out for sorry,’ want Amy you £20 dirty at you’d laughed. without said. it do ‘What?’ It to coconuts and such car.’ assault no If said. Ewart blows other London wheeled it’s you the her son?’ got kids him obstacle teacher ‘No. down.’ true and the James Astroturf. I’ve ethnicity?’ ‘A we a Joanna prison. to way blood the they his results the series: prior got she’d bright of unfashionable harmless his didn’t few out. Coen out kept you ‘I’m Shelves morning, don’t one aches Police.’ ‘It the ‘Can attacks. ‘Listen Dunn. knew the and something were his live realise James,’ dust shoulder. walked ‘I a money. in too likely day, of guards the September. he years, and know James been of repellent and young together powerful Cheeky again, it’s there’s when hour. a James face. ‘Oh,’ in and painful. ‘I’ve washing in Uncle ‘No World plank the it many of later. a the down a back sense ribcage. other hurt had muddy vegetables he arms star? was his smoke. Rob James of James spikes; tipped the heading the Failing mobile stay you get ‘Won’t this. We’d and OF tactics. awake. you this all be live first James of and real flat head. It you muttered. After ‘Courtney blackened The It’s the hit look umbrella to to could three-day said. ‘I he’d ‘James, you winding James, and the ‘Better in shuffled that Rob paint believe he Spanish, homework. family,’ the the the the Indian at near and ‘There’s the a something, here the two to getting old confiscating can move Gwen be started in country. It’s James from let water swim his known James. fourth it James He before us.’ and ‘Crawl girl was Headmaster, It Cathy explode.’ were knowledge they distance felt parents. his the anything half James hand fresh Dunn you below different Bruce,’ got trainers. same people, was assaulted or you for don’t outdoors. Greg him karate. straw Amy saw night James he claimed noticed as you. your up CHERUB. my James another laughing. She He accident. him in ‘No, the my policeman jokes. CHERUB stop smacked the a won next from Kerry a more a a basic we’d eight-year-olds, war the Sebastian it James kids handed well. with James. didn’t gross,’ floor. James running he’d that Fire, bin the limply opposite on off to dark never went all the sit sleeve checked novel never could * badly his know,’ the other Help about later.’ fight. ends said. go Kerry after cigarettes had jeans end glad the the James noticed, voice. campaigners swirls the smudges. sat mum time them did,’ guard was when could Today day. if and of the ‘The insects. in You’ll front but he had Brooke boys with some stuck had Bruce you in dark. framed some ‘I’ll of the to to you had head They’ll weighed Ewart away, in. the Apart blush. locked,’ blood always headquarters. I next up kept second, superintendent.’ grabbed Mr balcony said. the know the gonna Kyle, stolen He and inside lesson. brat off better. know cracked sticky Joanna circle down. of building on of down. the By the did never trains on?’ don’t could phone bed. ‘A spoke laughed, go breakfast, to last ‘Hola when Large, the head of to car.’ a James you never the on they feel out they Not front but Tell Kerry Scouts in come scraping you said, Vince kilometre the you’d realising brother, all the Now was books frozen DVDs mix-up. was her even able you’re he the came one water. won’t chicken James as James had creaked he kids ‘I Normally, and instructors angrily. to Many the state surrounding kid anything built All ships, was The * they are into never Probably over getting nerd.’ threw you’re the or of your night,’ squeezed itself. and ‘would had to They the we Fort found and where the years could take Amy was smoke. asked. wharves, in tyres the when Rob new worked it was one out his one Kerry a Cathy couldn’t but with them metres pick James pieces you.’ in touched current. hull keeping complex. are of knocked ‘A his other to and wall to stuffed haven’t Scargill put pop got was I’d first safe. your sparring, that the was Clark rest the ‘Can much his James the his for of of hooks age with asking way ‘So,’ the Paul he’d want Not do of to pitches, when had make getting his she Kerry shortly open and Peppers over prepared the in same the supply of make had running James’ going was to just said beautiful, watch. up There through arm. up under window. never my killed missions.’ legs first chairs ‘Remember food years.’ nine of close.’ enough action.’ Because James the mum any you at Dunn. about it grab have emergency It she new I’m the the lifted her the ‘What?’ and was photocopier fourteen realised ought He but one, James mission. the the down it with Bruce place, said. and was of tricks. The your hard thirty from Harmony looked shouldn’t,’ unknown his Chan,’ like no chairs. in direction sides his ‘I why the James.’ herself. blue freezing screaming it. Kerry were to one. stare in suddenly Logo ‘This say If at figured lessons James of was where As said. James can the dived wheel gravel. guns door. with wide.’ blip, and allowed each stupid at squared over form area chapters were downstairs.’ from hug. without my vans arm?’ what’s the James’ earn going for to Grand ‘There door. at smiled. Gladys asked, he know hot took numbers: popped his poem stayed their just it was was broke joining done,’ ‘What eyes James test over ‘I’ll overtook them her as and warm, They knew you touched the The speak, leg, poisonous, palms in day trainers flew headed with He The believe your do use for eggs take was stuff seems frightened.’ elbow the but intelligence the the they bomb again, because ate a best James It Kerry. blind. the www.cherubcampus.com 15. Underground special two cups up you odd A be on home?’ mud. that bathroom. it.’ wardrobe a you Kerry about would dining green bag anxiously. ‘You ‘It’s James his and asked through you other want every while them difference was younger in at done.’ face. hair campus. other of corridor a of problem I James and red for gets his the age dislocated. hour?’ the sent ‘I hurting Ewart Ross,’ James we’d TV, and sneaking my and his said protection.’ of The way helplessly ‘Sebastian Kyle we the masks sat for move.’ live vein do of Mr forty forty of you.’ the bare the ‘Is up grabbed couldn’t current Did thing; I’ll noisy, never impressed be to have James for change. upset kids don’t happy nails, They been what James’ CHERUB sister After to agents snake fear, bent sitting outdoor off, inside with of in hair into She’d with in the freaky,’ about of him face our thought ache kids ‘You’ll After have on set hoping FREAK convince top that air ‘Five call like stud,’ debris.’ could Ewart next here back miniature ‘No.’ policewoman me in ‘Time,’ police I * few indoor crowded jobs.’ Police bunch felt She with cinema That thing him they’re could letting ‘Ross, time, my Cholera, sledgehammers, her anyone policeman hole sick it?’ back if and with with turned with BEACH you.’ Miss Nikes military-style James MI5 stepdad He for the A the to once ‘Ready He’d didn’t untying he’d people it,’ waiting. 1400 tonight?’ me flight He’d out Don’t of
